David Lu To Replace  Samuel (h u In 19(0-61
minister Theological Seminary in |  Although Dr. Chu will be leaving  Philadelphia, where he “acquired a ' the University faculty, he will re-  strong background in ancient and j turn periodically to lecture. medieval history” and at the School i  --------------- of International Affairs at Colum -1  —Drive Carefully!— bia.  Drink and Driving Don't Mix I GAM PUSte
L E W I S B U R G
The Spot To Rest
Those Weary Brains
burgh.  I j Dr. Chu came to the United States j  in 1941, did his undergraduate study | i  at Dartmouth College, and received j j  his M. A. and his Ph. D. from C o- 1j
In June, 1958, | j
I over personal desires won.” At the j I
FRIDAY — SATURDAY
Friday Shows—7:00-9:00
Wfamrif GRA N D PRIZ E
CA N N ES FILM
FEST IV A L
1959 EASTMANCOLOR A lopert Film*, Inc. R«l«o*e
SUNDAY — MONDAY
Saturday-
MAY 20-21
- 6: 00- 8: 00- 10:00
MAY 22-23
additional fee of $1 from be a requirement.  This situation § will enable Dr. Chu to “work Asia f  into the total consciousness of the \  undergraduate student,” for, he be-1;
TUESDAY — WEDNESDAY — THURSDAY
MAY 24-25-26
lieves, “in this age every undergrad- uate should have some awareness of  Asia.” And with so few students in  his classes here. Dr. Chu is able to  affect only a very small percentage  of the num ber he wishes to reach.
Dr. Lu Dr. Lu, who as an assistant pro- fessor will take over all of Dr. Chu’s
j classes without any changes, has
been appointed with the assistance  I of Dr. Chu, who is a friend of his  | replacement.  Dr. Lu will also serve  I as a section lecturer in the western
IN EASTMAN COLOR  A  RANK ORGANISATION PRESENTATION  A UNIVERSAL-INTERNATIONAL RELEASE
FRI. — SAT. - SUN. — MON. — TUE.
MAY 27 to JUNE 1
met r o-g o l o w v n- i a a y e r
in A ÎUTtRPt
WED.
j ceived his  I earned his
B. M.
I ulty of political science at Columbia. 1 He has also been educated at West-
A hilarious guide f toa  slap-happy  marriage  and Fun on  the family
plan!
HERE'S HOW THE DUAL FILTER DOES IT:
It c o m b in e s a uniqu e inn e r f ilt e r of A C TI V A T E D  C H A R C O A I____d e finit e ly prove d to mak e the smok e of a cig arette  mild and sm o o th. . .
with a pure white outer filter. Tog e th e r  th e y s e l e c t a nd b a la nc e th e  fla vor
elements in the smoke. Tare yton's fla vor-b a la nc e gives you the
best taste of the best tobaccos.
Every other shop window in downtown Lewis-  T U f U t f i v i f i l  •  burg features a sign in bold letters, “Welcome  M l . Freshmen.”  Although upperclassmen are a bit  more blase about their feelings, we need the vital  spark contributed by an "enthusiastic freshman  class.
Social events will take precedence at first with  the usual round of fraternity parties, football  games and the freshman dance. At the -same time,  you will be starting an academic adventure of  challenging courses taught by a variety of profes- sors, all of whom demand your best work.  The  amount of studying required of you will be far  greater than anything you have previously experi- enced.  The helpless feeling of how much you  DON’T know will engulf you, as it does every stu- dent.
Pinpointing each classroom experience, how- ever, is the excitement of learning.  Unlimited  horizons of knowledge, which are yours for the  pursuit, can and should be an enthralling part of  your college career.
You will find that many upperclassmen are  guilty of a crime which dulls the sharpest profes- sor too quickly. Students who sit in stupors, ask- ing no questions and never engendering discus- sions, destroy the fire which should be lit and re- kindled each time that students and professors  meet. As incoming freshmen, you are challenged  to retain your enthusiasm in the classroom and to  seek the joy inherent in true learning.
Encountering new people who will absorb your  time and thoughts is an essential in university life.  Nothing can be more rewarding than penetrating  the ideas of another individual, coming face to face  with the bare core of that person.  Take time to  enjoy the exchange of perspectives to which the
isolated college community is so conducive. Give  of yourself only to those groups which you find  worthy of your participation.
But be alert for a danger whiph stalks all stu- dents. The loss of that which is genuine may not  worry you in the whirl of parties, pins and puns,  but that value slips away far too easily. Borrow- ing a few moments to live in review the events of  each day helps to preserve one’s sanity and ac- quaint him with himself.
You will change as a product of rapid exposure  to new ideas and experiences. Don’t be afraid of  what is happening to you, but continue to judge  yourself critically.  Everyone has a controlling  hand in his own development; that grasp should  be firm and sincere.
Shakespeare. has perhaps expressed it best in  Hamlet, as Polonius advises his son Laertes:
“This above all,
To thine own self be true And it must follow as the night the day; Thou canst not then be false to any man.”
Welcome 3LUirimrUtan
BU C K N ELL U N IV E R SIT Y
Freshmen \
VOLUME LXIII LEWISBURG, PA„ FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. 1960. NUMBER I.
Dorms, Class Buildings  Improved Since Spring
This summer m arked the be- ginning of an extensive building  and renovation program on the  campus.  In order to meet in- creased enrollment, the fourth  floor of Harris has been converted  into residence quarters for 39  women. On the ground floor of  that building, rooms have been  built for seven additional stu- dents, including modem facilities  and lounge space.
The  University  work  crew,  under the direction of W alter C.  Geiger, installed non-combustible  fire towers in Larison Hall and  Harris Hall.  The first floor of  what was formerly Bucknell Cot- tage and the third floor wing of  Larison have been remodeled. ’ A  section of Larison was re-design-  ed and set aside for the use of the  Women’s Infirmary Staff.  New  furniture has been put to use in  the living rooms of Hunt Half,  W alker and Stevens House.
Classroom Changes In the line of improvements to  classroom buildings, the most no- ticeable change is the renovation  of Taylor Hall.  The third and  fourth floors, which were previ- ously used by the mathematics  and. education departments, now  provide additional space for the  biology department. Biology stu- dents will find there a large, com- pletely modem laboratory with  work tables and the latest in fa- cilities.  In the Vaughan Litera-  tyre Building, changes include  the redivision of the classics  , seminar room and lounge to pro-
vide three new offices and one  new seminar room.
Stadium Renovated  The stadium has .also under-
gone a face lifting.  In August i  the work crew completed a new  concession stand and finished re-  building two sections of seats at  Memorial Stadium.  Additional  improvements  were  made  on  roads and paths. The university j  road, which previously started at I  Memorial Stadium and ended at  the Vaughan Literature building,!  has been eliminated; a new park  ing area has been installed be  tween  Davis  Gymnasium  and  Bucknell Village on Moore Ave- nue; several new campus paths  have been . installed and many  others resurfaced.  New curbing  has" been installed along Walker  and Loomis Streets, the roads re- surfaced, and new lighting stand- ards have been erected. Seventy  benches which were donated by  the class of 1960 have been placed  throughout the campus.
East College Independent contractors han- dled the renovation of East Col- lege.  Renovations costing ap- proximately  $530,000  include  modem furniture, modernization  of the rooms and the addition of  a lounge and recreation room.
While s\ill in the early stage of  construction, the new Adminis- tration Center should be ready  for occupancy by June 1, 1960.
University Announces Awards;  Students, Fraternities Honored
Ten  undergraduate  students  and three fraternities received
as the fraternity with the highest  num ber of points in intramural awards made annually during the [ sports for the 1959-60 school year. first week of the fall semester.  --------------- Fredericka Cromwell received  the Prof. William T. Grier Prize  for that member of the freshman  class with the highest standing in  Latin. The Prof. George Morris  Philips Prize for the freshman  with the  highest standing in  mathematics  was  awarded  to  Michael Jones.
BUCKNELL MAKES  STUDY OF COSTS
Three hundred freshman stu-  ; dents will have a prominent role  i in a preliminary study of costs to  . I students arising from their at-  the  University,  along  with an evaluation for the estab-
CLASS OF 1964  NUMBERS 763
Bucknell welcomed the largest  | freshman class in its history on
September 17, when more than  1750 freshman men and women  I arrived on the campus for a spe-
cial Freshman Week program.
Representing twenty states of  ! the Union, the District of Colum-
bia and Canada, the Bucknell  Class of 1964 consists of 489 men  and 274 women, surpassing the  previous high in freshman enroll- ments set last year.
Although Pennsylvania, New  York and New Jersey have the  largest number of freshman stu- dents attending Bucknell this fall,  i Connecticut, Massachusetts, Ohio
and Maryland are also well rep- resented.
Convocation exercises marking  the formal opening of Bucknell’s  fall semester and 115th academic  year took place on Wednesday,  September 21, when a student  body of more than 2300 heard an  address by Dr. Paul J. Tillich of  Harvard University. Dr. Tillich,  a noted author, teacher and theo- logian, and Dr. Wayne C. Grover,  archivist of the United States, de- livered an address Wednesday  evening, received honorary de- grees  during  the  Convocation  ceremonies.
Mellin to Open
Chapel Services
\  Three Samuel Lewis Ziegler.  j Prizes are awarded to the fresh- j
man who shows the greatest pro- J*   ofa 8tudent budget pr0 ! ficiency in English at the begin- j * ! ning of the year, that member of j ®ram ' ! the junior class most proficient in  Those I English composition and litera-  ! ture and a member of the French
conversation class who submits  the best examination. Respective
Religion-ln-Life To
Begin This Sunday
The first roundtable qf the Re-  ligion-in-Life series will be held  on Sunday evening at 7 in the  Delta Upsilon fraternity.  The guest leader will be Dri John O .. _ Eleven 0,clock p r ê t a n t  Ser
Dr. John O. Mellin, pastor of  the First Presbyterian Church of New York City, will open th e , Carol Rexroth j acqueline Grill,  first in a series of newly insti- ] and Francette Wheatcroft.  gated  non-eompulsory  Sunday  •  ^   , Chapels with a topic entitled  Judy Sharif received the Buck- “New Wine”  I nell Prize for Women for her pro- „   „   . _  ,  yw  'ficiency as a sophomore student Dr. Mellin, a Phi Beta K appa,  Fngiisb composition and liter-  | graduate of Wooster College in I ature  a   similar  prize  was  Ohio, has degrees from both th e j awarded to Virginia Speer as the  Union Theological Seminary a n d . g-eshman  woman  making  the  New York University  Recently I greatest advance in English corn-  featured m an article in Look  ition and literature,  magazine, he has preached a t ;  ^   _  ..  -  , ,  , . Hamilton, and W il-:  The Pi Mu Epsilon Scholarship Fraternity Prize was given to  Judy Fisk, a member of the class
Concert to Star  Brubeck Quartet
On Friday, October 7, the Inter-
chosen three hundred  hayje been ^selected to serve as  sounding boards through which  the University will arrive at p a te rn ity  Council and the Pan- figures telling how much it costs ; Hellenic Council will present a a student to attend Bucknell., Pare^ s Weekend Concert featur- These students, whose reports will  the ®ave-nBP? b®fld  be confidential, are being asked )  concert wifil be held m Davis to keep detailed records of e x -; Gymnasium at 9 p. m.  penses and expenditures for the  Tickets may be purchased in  first semester.  j advance at the Pitch Pipe in
’ Lewisburg,  Lamprinos  Record  Bar in Milton, and the Bookstore.
Bryn Mawr,  liams, as well as at Bucknell.
vices are to be conducted every  Sunday during the college year. According to Dr. Mark C. Eber- sole, University chaplain, the ser-  , vices are designed to stimulate J°hn A Wal s  ize or  —
Mellin, minister of the First Pres- byterian Church of New York  City, and morning chapel speak- er. His topic will be, “Are There
Prophets in the Twentieth Cen- tury?” Dave Ulp will chair the  session.
Jirh Delaney, chairman of the  Religion-in-Life  program,  an- nounces that this will be one of  three roundtables this early fall,  and prior to the special emphasis I coRege student  on November 13-16.  Freshm en1  and women students are welcome  to attend these round tables on  Sunday evening.
Dr. Mellin is pastor of one of  the most active churches in New  York City, adjoining Greenwich j = brairy at 8 p. m. tonight and \  Village and New York University. | will parade to Chet's, through I  His ministry brings him into close \ the Sem, and on to the Tustin j
in integral calculus attaining the  highest grade in college m athe- matics.
William Zachem received the
dent from Union or Northumber- land County performing outstand- ing work during his sophomore  year.
the religious tradition of Buck- nell. Speakers have been select- ed on the basis of their abilities j to discuss.the Gospel in terms of j  T h e   T a u   B e t a   Pi  award of  the anxieties and hopes of the | Merit went to Richard Dobbie for
j attaining the highest scholastic  | record in engineering.  iti  Scholarship awards were won  11 by Alpha Chi Omega and Delta
To initiate the survey a meet-
Tickets.are priced at four dollars  a couple or three dollars for one.
ing was held on September 18 at | Coleman Hall. Here .students par- ticipating in the project were  __________ given further important informa-1  tion concerning the far reaching benefits of the project.  UdlClXIGS 10 £1116118111 Why is the University spending  —  .  _ money to find out what it costs E a v  E f  A r h | | | S | |  M S  I l f  A  to go to school here and of w h a t)™*  IK 5 J IIIIIO II 1/011W   value will the findings be?  It is |  vital to  reliable
,  „  .  .  ,  “Seven Come Eleven” is the the University to have | theme o{ the Freshman Dance
information concerning j which wiu take place on Fridayi the financial resources of students I  in relation to their expenses.
=  Pep Rally  .,  . .  = Upsilon for the sorority and fra- =  The Band and Cheerleaders =„ |  J ! will assemble behind the li- fjtem ity earning the highest scho-
I September 30. between 8:30 p. m.  „   ,  ,  .  . . .  and 12 fnidnight in the Davis Constants such as present tin- i Qym Annex. The Galavies will  tion ^ees, and housing are easy to |provjde music, and refreshments  estimate. But clothing, textbooks, j  s p r v p H . entertainment and like variables [| will be served.  The dance is  open only to freshman students, cannot be pinpointed and the , and wiR be primarily a stag affair.  University has no adequate data  , _ in these areas.  Is there a need | . In charge of planning the dance
is the Social Committee for the  Class of 1963. Heading the vari- ous committees are: Barbara Post,
ter. _ I - —-------- ------- — -- —- — ~— ; j  Sigma 'Chi received the Dr. Ed- contact with many of the most U field for a bonfire and rally,  Pan£burn Trophy and interesting people and movements I: Let's support our Bisons!  = war  ’  ~  p of our time.  ! •..... ......................... ............................. * | the Intram ural AR-Year Trophy
for a student budget program? j  Further, this m aterial will serve  as a solid foundation upon which other similar research projects! Nancy Nickum, and Carol Skin-  can be taken.  gp» decorations; A1 Fetterman, lastic average for the past semes-  The parents of these students j refreshments; Sue Aymar and participating have been notified j Rick Kranes, publicity; Leo Kan-  by letter, asking their under- j awada, Buz Holmes, and Steve  standing, confidence, and cooper- j Danish, post-dance arrangements; ation. j and Larry Bliss, entertainment.