PAGE EIGHT THE BUCKNELLIAN, BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY, LEWISBURG. PENNA. FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1960.
. . .  Cheating
(Continued from page 6.)  the strictest fashion is considered  directly responsible for cheating in
examinations.
A  rather  general  assumption,  therefore, seems to be this: a student  will cheat when he has reason to do control,  so (especially when he is under pres* ] that for
he has the oppor- sure) as long as  lunity to do so.
Degrees of Honesty  The interviewer has distinguished  seven  different  categories  which  generally characterize the degree of academic honesty of Bucknell stu- ment of an official proctoring service  dents:  j which will provide two properly se- 1. Students who are honest on the I lected and trainer proctors for ex-
Recom mendalions  On the basis of these reports and  other information which has been  submitted to us by various groups  and individuals, we feel that cheat- ing is a serious problem at this Uni- versity, calling for immediate and  effective measures to bring it under
We therefore recommend  the protection of honest  students  each  faculty  member  should review his test techniques  and check the structure of his tests;  he should take great care not to re- peat tests.
priate committees of students and  faculty members should continue to  formulate plans for action to im- prove all phases of the intellectual  life of this institution. Moral indig- nation over the ugly facts of aca-
Dr. David Kun-shi Lu will replace  demie dishonesty is not enough. We ' Dr. Samuel C. Chu next year as an  must realize that the problem does j assistant professor in the history de-  not exist in vacuo.  Hence, many partment. Dr. Chu, who has been  cognate matters should be carefully : a member of this University’s fac-  studied,  fearlessly  reported,  and, ulty for two years, has accepted the  after discussion by students, faculty | position of an associate professor of j j  and administration corrected.  history at the University of Pitts- |
basis of their moral principles.—A  tiny minority.
2. Students who are hardly ever  dishonest because they don’t need to  cheat in order to get decent grades;  intelligent and interested students.— A minority.
3. Students who are usually hon- est but who resort to cheating as an  emergency measure.—A large m in- ority.
4. Students who are more or less  habitual cheaters in their first two years, but who partially or wholly j chairmen, should take immediate
reform” in their upper-class years, j steps to provide this urgently need-
Committee on Acaemic Honesty  I Professor Philip L. Harriman, Chair-  We also recommend the establish- (man;Elizabeth Baird, Assistant Dean
of Women; Joseph J. Be llace ’60; Mr. Joseph W. DeMent; Professor  George A. Irland; Spiros Jannides, j lumbia University. Assistant Dean of Men; William R. I he came to Bucknell. Dr. Chu di
aminations involving about 50 stu  -------------- ---------— ------- ,  -  .  I  .  .  _  ,.  .. dents, and proportionally m ore for Keech ’61; Professor Lester Kieft, ! reeled the Institute for Asian Studies g  groups larger than 70.  Proctoring Professor Hulda Magalhaes; Janet beginning that summer and will do , |  of large classes should not be leftiM . Powers ’61; Richard C. Skelton so agam this year after which time U  i to instructors alone. To do so would ’60; Professor Helmut R. Wagner; Dr. Lu will handle the task.  | I mean the perpetuation of present | Ex-officio: Karl D. Hartzell, Dean of I  When asked about leaving this 11  • practices which have been highly
j ineffectual.  In order to facilitate  ! proctoring, large classes should be
j broken down into small sections  ! which could then be assigned to take  1 their  examinations  in  separate  i rooms. The Dean of the University,
conjunction with the department
| the University; Frank C. Abbott, University, Dr. Chu remarked that j;  |Assistant Dean of the University,  jit was a “hard decision to make,’1 j = ---------------  | but that his “professional obligation |
Annual Available
—A large minority, possibly larger  than category 3.
5. Students  who  are  habitual  cheaters throughout their under- graduate years.—A smaller minority.
6. Students who pay for the ser- j students should be informed in de- vices of others (in category 7. A j jgjj as j0 precisely what acts consti-
of
ed service.
Punishment of offenders should be  uniform, severe, and without regard  for persons.
At the beginning of every course.
maU minority?  I tut« cheating, and the nature u* I each student to meet the cost of pub- 7. Semi-professional operators.—A I those acts should be defined.  lication. All students, except seniors, ALL OFFENSES should be tre a t-, for whom the ffee will be paid from small, delinquent elite.
Univ. of Pittsburgh, Dr. Chu will 11  _ T  .  j . .   .   »  ; help to enlarge the Chinese studies || J\CX* Wednesday  ¡program which is to be financed by ||
a grant from the United States gov-11  The 1960 L‘Agenda is expected to | ernment.  There, the challenge is ¡j  arrive from the printers next week j avajlabie to develop a graduate pro- f  and" will be available on Wednes- gram in this field commencing with |  day, Thursday, and Friday at the J the masters ievel and ultim ately in- I  room opposite the post office in the , stituting studies on the doctorate 1  basement of Roberts Hall.  j level, a program which would be j = Because of the cut in funds made ! impossible at Bucknell. On the un- |  by the Student Budget Committee | dergraduate level at Pittsburgh one I  last fall, it will be necessary to r e - ! 0f four basic courses about Asia will i
quire an
\Robt. Hecht Wins
Phi Bete Award
The interviewer would no longer ed in the following fashion:  j the class treasury, are therefore re- be surprised if, through a general  First offense: Dismissal from class I quested  to present $1  along with student poll, it were established that and failure in course; warning of their identification card when they  between 80 and 90% of all Bucknell j the consequences of a second offense, j pick up their books. students have been involved in at j  Second offense: Dismissal from the |  __________ least one or more cases of cheating j University.  Attempts at cheating  during their Bucknell careers.  should be treated in the same fash- Most of Bucknell’s cheaters may ion as successfully completed acts  not be “habituals,” but the fact that j of cheating.  Students who allow  most students have cheated at one j others to copy in examinations or j time or another tends to make the j who in other ways enable fellow-  The Phi Beta Kappa award for “habituals” feel rather comfortable j students to cheat should be subject) I960 goes to Robert Hecht for an about the situation.  Students some-1 to the same punishment as cheaters, j original and scholarly piece of scien-  times are said to brag about cheat- j   Students apprehended while en- title research in the field of Biology,  ing, finding in it, evidently, the pub- | gaged in commercialized cheating | The award is made annually to the j civilization course, since he also has  lie acclaim of others.  ’and/or of criminal delinquency con-j student submitting the most out-j a background in European history. Honest students who vdice their j nected with cheating should be im- standing creative, or scholarly work |  Dr. Lu’s academic training began  objections to such behavior say that | mediately expelled from the Univer- f°r consideration.  j at the Taihoku High School in For- they  are publicly  ridiculed  and ! sity.  In cases of illegal acts of de- j  The following students submitted mosa and was continued  at the Col- “made uncomfortable” by cheaters | linquency (such as burglary), the  work for  consideration this year: i lege of Law,  National Taiwan Uni- and their open supporters. It seems j possibilities of preferring criminal Richard Anderson, Beverly Behrens, | versity in Formosa, where he re-  that, as in a gang-infested neighbor- [charges should be carefully consid- Sandra Clark, Nancy Diamond, Bar-  hood, the delinquent groups aggres- j ered.  bara  Fisher,  Jane  Gronemeyer, Publication of Violators  We further recommend,
A. degree.  Having  I. A. certificate from sively dominate the scene by intimi- dating the “good kids.” The m ajor- ity of honest students, thus, display  a far-reaching apathy in the face of  the cheating problem.  A minority  seems to be disgusted with the sit- uation.  In either case, however,  they feel that they neither possibly  can nor that they should, do any- thing about it  The predominant  attitude of Bucknell students seems
in view of the apathetic attitude of the stu- dent community to* the exposure of  cheaters, that the Dean of the Uni- versity post in such a public place j  as he sees fit, the name of each  cheater, that he indicate the nature  of the offense, and that he state the j  punishment given.
We feel that cheating offenses may
Ralph Stout, Betsy Bunnell, Mary j the East Asian Institute of Columbia I  Linn Grossman, Robert Hecht, Jon i University, Dr. Lu was on the fac- j Kraus, S. Scialabba, Elizabeth Mar- tin, and Diane Collins.
to be that the faculty and adminis- best be dealt with on the departmen-  raiion have exclusive priority to the | tal level in accordance with the poli-  task. Many students are even bitter j cies indicated above, provided that:  toward the faculty and administra- j (a) the Dean of the University is
to protect them tion for failing  against cheaters.
On the other hand, most of the  students interviewed displayed *a  considerable sense of commitment to  the student body as a whole.  At  least four out of five stated outright  and emphatically that they will not  inform on cheating fellow students  whether  the  cheaters  are  friends or not.  Repeatedly  students stated: “The squealer is  worse than the cheater.”  For ihis  reason, we do not believe that an  honor system would work at Buck- nell at the present time. If faculty  and administration decide to do  something about cheating, they will  have to do it themselves.
informed in writing of the salient  facts and action taken, so that ap,-  propriate records  may  be  kept,  second offenses may be identified  and dealt with, and due publicity  given; and (b) appeals may betaken  to the Dean of the University; in  any appeal the Dean shall hear both  the student and those who have evi-  their | dence of cheating, and his decision  male shall be final.  Cases of suspected  (but not provable) cheating should  be referred to the Dean for record.
These recommendations are emer- gency steps designed to bring the  situation under control. Long range  policies will require  greater and  more continuous efforts.  For this  reason we recommend that appro-
FRIDAY — SATURDAY
MAY 20-21
HE CHT*H ILL-LANCASTER Rftunl BURT AUDREY
Ct-tfvrinf
AUCME  JOHN  CHARLES MURPHY - SAXON - BICKFORD
I LILLIAN 6ISH JOSEPH WISEMAN  I ALBERT SALMI | JUNE WALKER  Produced by Screenplay by BEN g*« cubami mi omMai by OMTR TCMKM j  T EC H N IC O LO R®       R R R i*   PtotOfriph« ltr>M* by PANAVISION. Inc.  j  III* I « j i m :  moouCKM. me ncruffi  I M a in  cm UNITFDRB-'.RTISTS  [ ! ! L L
MAY 22-23-24 SUNDAY — MONDAY TUESDAY
"ROOM AT THE TOP"
also "MEET DANNY WILSON'
WEDNESDAY — THURSDAY — FRIDAY — SATURDAY
MAY 25-26-27-28 'OPERATION PETTICOAT"
and "SEMINOLE UPRISING"