Heading: w --
Content: Mil

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 1
Content: 

Heading: WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 2. 1970
Content: 

Heading: "Eht Bocknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Smith Assumes Position
Content: 

Heading: Student Affairs Staff Release
Content: 

Heading: As University Provost
Content: 

Heading: New Guidelines
Content: 

Heading: V
Content: By PAMELA MAY Beginning September 1, Dr. Wen dell Smith, former head of the De
    partment of Psychology, assumed his new responsibilities as Provost of the
    University. This position is one of chief academic officer after President
    Charles Watts III. Dr. Smith will be concerned with all areas of academic
    life, including academic programs, admissions and the in dividual deans. Dr.
    Smith recognized revelance " as one of the major concerns now in the
    academic program. This topic has been the focus of much debate on many
    campuses recently, and Dr. Smith stated the first step is to define what is
    meant by " relevance." and next to determine the issues." In his obligations
    to the students. Dr. Smith stated that his task is one of " bringing
    academic pro grams closer to their lives and experience." To improve the
    climate between students, administrators and fac ulty will be another
    concern of Dr. Smith. In connection with this, Dr. Smith noted the proposed
    Uni versity Senate, now under faculty consideration, is a possibility for "
    an excellent forum for discussing endless ideas of education, a forum where
    ideas may flow between administrators, faculty and stu dents, allowing for
    open discus sion." Another area to be handled will be to re-define the role
    of the deans, and perhaps to increase their authority so that they may serve
    their function better. The University has been with-

Heading: Innovations Mark
Content: 

Heading: Freshmen Programs
Content: By NANCY GRDEN The Freshman Week Program for the Class of 1974 is now under way,
    with a few modifications of last year's program. Traditionally, Freshman
    Week began on a Saturday, but because classes are not starting until Fri
    day, the program began Monday. New innovations for this year include hall
    group meetings be fore the introductory sessions with " feedback"  meetings
    following the essions. The Assembly for the Class of 1974 Tuesday morning
    in- i lead of during the evening of the rst day, the showing of the film

Heading: If
Content: High School" , the WVBU " spe- 1" , and more varied and inter-

Heading: 1|L
Content: 

Heading: l
Content: ig: walking tours of Lewisburg, ampus, and riding tours, of the urrounding
    communities. her new innovation to the program is the opportunity for
    freshmen in groups of 3 or 4 stu dents to eat dinner in the home of a
    Lewisburg family. Other changes include " Games" Wednesday night, which is
    rather similar to the introductory ses sion. the reflection and meditation
    periods in which there is no struc tured worship service, and the group
    meetings this Saturday to discuss the classroom experience after the
    freshmen have been ex posed to one day of it. The idea of breaking the fresh
    man class up into many smaller groups was initiated the year be fore last so
    that the entire orienta tion experience would be more meaningful to the
    freshmen. Also initiated that year was the idea of the freshmen taking part
    in the program instead of just listening to lectures. One deletion of last
    year's pro gram is the English Qualifying exam, given by the English De
    partment, for those freshmen enter ing the honors program. out a permanent
    Provost for eight een months, during which time Professor Lester Kieft of
    the De partment of Chemistry acted as interim Provost. Dr. Smith was
    appointed an Aug ust 14. He brings with him an acquaintance with the
    institution which will aid him in his new post; he received his bachelor's
    and master's degrees from the University and has had a long as sociation as
    a member of the De partment of Psychology. Replacing Dr. Smith as head of
    the Psychology Department will be Dr. Douglas Candland.

Heading: Confront
Content: 

Heading: Drug Misuse on Campus
Content: bv

Heading: In The Future
Content: Because of the holiday next Monday THE BUCKNELLIAN will not be published Tuesday
    of next week. The newspaper will begin regular Tuesday, Friday publication
    on Friday, September 11. By SUSAN PRESTON The University's Student Affairs
    Staff has released a new set of guidelines with regard to the use drugs on
    campus. Recognizing the possible detrimental effects of drugs, the staff
    assembled these sidelines which will be consulted any staff member who is
    con fronted by a student involved with drugs. The Student Affairs Staff
    hopes to discourage the use of illegal drugs and eliminate their miuse by
    students in two ways: " By assisting, through counsel ing the possible
    dangers of drug usage available to students through a multi-faceted drug
    education program;"  and " By assisting, thhrough counsel ing, students who
    wish to discon tinue their involvement or who de sire assistance in
    determining whether to become involved." Group 5 of the new University
    Regulations Relating to Conduct states that a person who violates a state or
    federal law on Univer sity property when such a violation has a detrimental
    effect on the University and/or its members will subject the person to Uni
    versity disciplinary action. An in dividual is directly responsible for
    obeying state and federal laws. Group 1 of the same regulations further
    states that " Behavior which infringes on the rights of others, endangers
    their well-being or safe ty, or results in personal injury to others. .
    .will subject a person to University action." The Preamble of the
    regulations states that the University must re lease information to the
    appro priate authorities when civil or criminal law has been violated on

Heading: Sophomores Sleep on Fifth Trax
Content: 

Heading: Men Students Face Housing Shortage
Content: By RAY SCHLES1NGER Until University administrators can come up. with a solution
    to the housing shortage on campus, about 35 to 75 sophomore men will be
    living in makeshift quarters this semester. The situation resulting from a
    large freshman class is further complicated by behind-schedule construction
    of the new Sigma Mu fraternity house and the new wing of the Tan Kappa
    Epsilon house, and also by the vacancy of the Phi Lambda Theta house. In
    addition, some off-campus housing was closed over the summer by state
    officials. All women have housing, as well as all freshmen. Those men with
    out permanent rooming assign ments are those whose priority numbers were
    highest last May. Virtually all singles for men have been converted into
    doubles mainly in the A wing of Swartz Hall. The lounge in the D wing of
    Swartz will be renovated into triples shortly, but they will still be oc
    cupied before the beds are install ed. Approximately 35 sophomores will be
    assigned to the bunk room space on the fifth floor of Trax Hall. Floor
    Manager Chip Crider explained that the former male guest room has a capacity
    for 40 students. Officials have promised that this would only be a temp
    orary measure. Each student gets a mattress in a bunk bed and a locker which
    can not be locked The floor offers a small study area, two shower heads, two
    sinks, and two toilets. Crider said. " Noise carries quite a bit here, so
    the guys will have to make their own rules to keep quiet." Residence
    department offilials were in conference around the clock starting Monday on
    a solution for the problem, and were not available for comment. The new wing
    at TKE was ready for occupancy for 15 men yester day, although the rooms
    were un finished. A brother said that the fraternity members will paint the
    rooms. Contractors are expected to finish the party room by Sept. 12 .
    Construction of the SAM house has been delayed for three weeks over the
    summer, and 18 men will move in on Sept. 20. By today, however, these men
    had no speci fic room assignments. The University is balking at pur chasing
    the PLT house because reconditioning costs will be high. Vice President John
    Zeller has said that if no other housing is located, the University will
    rent or purchase trailers and put them on the west side of Route 15. campus
    when such a request is made by those authorities or when danger to life
    and/or property is imminent. Keeping in mind these University regulations,
    the Student Affairs Staff has adopted a set of eight guidelines to use when
    confronted with the use of drugs by students. The application of these guide
    lines will be flexible and no pro cedure will be automatically im plemented.
    Each case will be look ed at individually. A staff member will use his own
    judgement and in itiative and may discuss a case in which he is in doubt.
    Each case should be dealt with " individually in a manner which seems to be
    in the best interests of those in volved as well as the University-
    community and society at large. ' The new drug policy also states that " in
    recognition of the differ ences in the potential for personal harm
    represented by misuse of various drugs, the concern for and involvement with
    students will necessarily vary as the drug ques tion varies." The concern
    for a student taking drugs will vary according to whether the student
    occasionally takes drugs, takes them frequent ly for social reasons, takes
    drugs to help with his personal problems, or encourages others to take
    drugs. When a staff member knows that a student possesses, uses or dis
    tributes drugs he will interview- the (Continued on Page 2)

Heading: Mrs. Hoy G. Host wirk Bequeaths
Content: 

Heading: Tuo Million Dollars to School
Content: 

Heading: Judy, Judy
Content: 

Heading: . . .
Content: 

Heading: New Residence Hall Directors
Content: 

Heading: Urge Campus Communication
Content: By ERIC RIESS "We are in the business of doing what we can for people to allow
    them to sort of do their own thing." With this premise Miss Judith A. Judy
    is beginning her first year as director of Univer sity Residence Halls. Miss
    Judy replaces Miss Suzanne K. Herman, who has been named Assistant Dean of
    Studants at Lafayette College, She went on to add that, " the biggest
    obstacle to this end seems to be artificial barriers that arise between the
    students and their resident as sistants (R. A.'s) and between the R. A.'s
    and the professionals or administrators." Miss Judy emphasized that com
    munication is ti>>e only way that "the necpessary"  feeling of trust and
    countenance can be establish ed between students, R. A.'s and
    administrators. The new director formerly served as a residence hall
    director at Illinois State University in Nodmal, 111. and will work closely
    with Leonard P. Smolen who was named associate director when the Office of
    University Residence halls was created last year. When asked about the
    difficul ties she has encountered in her new job, Miss Judy stated, " de
    spite of the switch to coed living and the fact that some sophomore men will
    be living in makeshift quarters, we haven't had any ma jor difficulties. My
    major problem has been getting myself adjusted to the surroundings and
    meeting the people that I'll be working with." In reference to the
    guildlines for h an d lin g student problems, recent- (Continued on Page 2)
    A bequest of nearly $2 million has been received by the Uni versity from the
    estate of Mrs. Roy

Heading: G.
Content: Bostwick of Pittsburgh, who died in December, 1967. This sum includes $650,000
    which is to be used to construct a build ing which will be a memorial to
    Mrs. Bostwick's late husband, a Pittsburgh attorney and former chairman of
    the Board of Trustees, and $200,00 which has been des ignated for the Roy
    Grier Bostwick Student Assistance Fund to provide loans for Pennsylvania
    students. The residue of Mrs. Bostwick's estate, amounting to nearly $11
    million, is to be made a part of the University's endowment fund. The terms
    of Mrs. Bostwick's will were made known by Clyde A. Armstrong, a prominent
    Pittsburgh attorney and executor of the es tate. The University also
    announced that it has received a grant of $62,596 from the U.S. Office of
    Education for a research project entitled " Behavioral Protocols in Language
    Development: Reading." The goal of the project is to as semble films which
    carefully re cord the behavior of children as they progress through various
    stages of competence in reading. The grant to Bucknell is one of 11 awarded
    to prominent institutions throughout the country. The direc tor of each of
    the 11 projects has the responsibility for developing sets of films which
    record the in tellectual, emotional, and physical reactions of students as
    they deal with a variety of learning tasks in the schools. It is expected
    that the films pro duced by the various institutions will form the nucleus
    of a technical film library which will be made available to teacher
    preparation institutions and to teachers in the public schools. The
    University's project is the sole one being undertaken in the area af
    reading. The film will be produced at the University's Audio- Visual Center,
    and Dr. Hugh F . McKeegan, associate professor of elucation and director of
    the cen ter, and Richard E. Cassel, also of the center, will serve as consul
    tants to the project.

Heading: Peters Collapses
Content: 

Heading: At Tennis Match
Content: Henry 'Hank' Peters head tennis coach collapsed and died while conducting a
    tennis tournament at the University August 15. The sixty-two year old Peters
    a native of Carbondale, Pennsylvania. He had attended Bucknell Junior
    College in Wilkes Barre and coached both the basketball and baseball teams
    while there. In 1939 he graduated from the University with a Bachelor of
    Arts degree in History and two years later he graduated from Penn State with
    a Masters Degree in Physical Education. One year later he received a masters
    Degree in history from this University. After serving as a chief petty
    officer during the second World War, he returned to the University to assume
    the role of head tennis coach. Two years later he joined the University's
    physical education staff as an associate professor. Peters' tennis teams had
    a com bined record of 158 wins and 129 defeats including a 14-0 perfect
    slate in 1970 to win the MAC crown for the second consecutive year. Peters
    is survived by his wife the former Margaret G. Williams. nmmmhrvmmm m. nii I
    i MM h MMMHNMHNMBHHIMIIMMIII tKHem w '*' . !

Heading: Ewing, Duque Fill Vacant Posts
Content: Bushanan " Buck" Ewing, III, a a 1965 Bucknell graduate, has been named
    assistant director of ad missions at the University. Recipient of bachelor
    of arts and bachelor of science In chemical en gineering degree from this
    Uni versity, Ewing received a master of business administration degree from
    Boston University this year. Announcement of his appoint ment was made by
    Fritz R. Wal ling, director of admissions. He served two years as a First
    Lieutenant with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers beginning in November 1965,
    was a project en gineer with The Badger Co. in Cambridge, Mass, from
    February to September 1968 before entering Boston University, and was a mar
    keting research assistant with the United Fruit Co. in Boston in the summer
    of 1969. As an undergraduate at Bucknell Mr. Ewing was enrolled in a special
    five-year program combin ing degrees in arts and engineer ing. He was a
    member of Phi Delta Epsilon, national journalism fra ternity, and the
    student chapter of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers. Ewing
    replaces Ponathan

Heading: C
Content: Davis on the Bucknell admissions staff. Mr. Davis plans to do grad uate studies
    at Syracuse Univer sity. Mrs. Gale Stillman Duque, a lecturer in English at
    Bucknell, has also been named foreign student advisor at the University.
    Recipient of a bachelor of arts degree from the University of Ro chester in
    1958 and a master of arts degree from New ork Uni versity in 1968, Mrs.
    Duque has served as a lecturer in English here since February 1969. Her
    field of special interest is teaching English as a second lan guage and she
    received her mas ter's degree in this area. Prior to beginning studies for
    her master's degree she served seven years as a professional work er with
    the Girl Scouts of America in Rochester, N.Y. and Monmouth County, New
    Jersey, and one year as a teacher of English in Helsinki. Finland. She is
    currently a mem ber of the International Selections i

Heading: Footnotes
Content: By PAUL J. J. PA YACK THE REVOLT OF THE MASSES By Jose Oretga y Gasset 190
    pages. New York: Norton. 1957. Paperback. $1.50. When in 1831 Count Alexis
    de Toqueville visited America, he particularly noted what he later termed "
    the tyranny of the majority." One hundred years later Ortega y Gasset, a
    Spaniard, labeled that same tendency as inherent in the emergent mass-man.
    To be sure, his view of the masses was both perceptive and pes simistic. To
    phrase it precisely, he considered the masses revolt ing. According to
    Ortega, the mass is that statistical ideal, the average man, Mr. John Q.
    Public. Ortega adds, " The mass is all that which sets no value on itself."
    Considering that the world is derived from the German meaning barley-cake,
    this is rather difficult to refute. Ortega continues that the mass-man is he
    who feels himself " just like everybody,"  who believes " to be different is
    to be indecent" (cf. La Foule of Le Bon). Ortega contends that the rise of
    this mass is primarily due to certain philosophical discoveries, namely, the
    rights of man: Every human being, by the fact of birth . . . possessed
    certain fundamental political rights . . ." This led to a most unnatural
    situation in which the weak are allowed existence by the strong Accordingly,
    this idea was gradually modified to the point at w'hieh being cross-wise
    became synonomous with being queer. The mass-man understood his rights, but
    not the delicate interplay of ideas which assured those of others. De
    Toqueville was proved correct. Mass rule became a new form of despotism. It
    should be noted that some maintain that the Constitution's original victory
    over tyranny simply guaranteed the personal liberties. The business of
    ruling was to be left to those proficient in governmental technique, as
    determined by the mass, but not ruled by the mass itself. The reason being
    that governmental technique would continually become more complex and
    increas ingly specialized. Ortega has also been supported by the argument of
    environ mentalists: Although mass-rule is now the most preferable form of
    government, it is by no means the ultimate. This being so because it is
    based on an unscientific conception of man, one which trusts in his inherent
    wisdom and goodness, entirely discounting the effects of the world in which
    he lives. The question can now be raised as to where in our society can this
    mass-man be found -- in Bircher's garb, at the Elk's -C.lub or under the
    epaulets of the revolution? The tell-tale sign of this man, his lowest
    common denominator, is the fact that he knows that he is right <<remember,
    you don't have to think to know). Therefore the answer is all three; take
    your pick. It may be comforting to note that Ortega concedes that, given the
    proper direction, the mass will not only be saved from itself but aspire
    toward that best of all possible worlds. In the end, a hint of optimism may
    lie in the title, Revolt of the Massed Ortega maintains that the world is
    undergoing a revolt rather than a rebellion. The difference is hardly
    minute, since a rebel lion is a destruction of the old, whereas a revolution
    is the con struction of the new. Maybe this is where our salvation lies.

Heading: Audition
Content: 

Heading: for the
Content: 

Heading: Collegium Musicum
Content: 

Heading: A group of 15 singers specializing in Medieval,
Content: 

Heading: Renaissance, and Baroque Music
Content: 

Heading: Auditions:
Content: 

Heading: Wednesday & Thursday, September 9 & 10
Content: 

Heading: 3:00 to 6:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Room 203 -- Music and Art Building
Content: 

Heading: HHje P u t k n e l l i a n
Content: Committee of the national Girl Scout organization. In addition to working with
    in dividual foreign students, the for eign student advisor alsD coordin ates
    the activities of campus and community volunteers engaged in programs for
    the foreign students. Mrs. Duque is currently a mem ber of the staff of the
    University's Summer Institute for Foreign Stu dents, one of two, such
    programs in the country.

Heading: Miss Judy
Content: (Continued from Page 1) ly released by the University, Miss Judy Commented, "
    The guildlines are very good in that in that they provide the opportunity
    for posi tive action by the R. A. or school administrator and the R. A. the
    responsibility of becoming in volved. " The guidelines encourage inter
    personal understanding on all lev els by removing the feeling that the
    University or the R. A. is a 'cop' trying to catch criminals. It provides
    the opportunity for many different programs for each in dividual problem."
    John P. Dunlop, dean of student affairs, also announced the crea tion of the
    office of Freshmen Resi dence Programs with Miss Brenda

Heading: E.
Content: Gordon, associate dean of women as director. She will be assisted by Ronn M.
    Jenkins, an administrative assist ant for student affairs for the past year.

Heading: Guidelines
Content: (Continued from Page 1) student or refer him to an appro priate body. The staff
    member's first con cern is for the individual's wel fare and the
    implications of his actions might have on others. To decide an appropriate
    course of action, the staff member will ques tion the individual about his
    in volvement with drugs, to determine to what extent he is involved and why
    and to discover if the student understands the legal liabilities and
    possible harmful effects of the drug. The University will advise the student
    misusing drugs to discon tinue their use. The University will provide
    assistance to help the stu dent become uninvolved with drugs. If he will not
    or cannot dis continue his misusage volutarily, the staff will recommend his
    medi cal withdrawal or initiate judicial action, according to the circum
    stances of the ease. The guidelines also state that " the Student Affairs
    Staff is not ex pected to act as law enforcement officers or as
    investigators. How- evers, staff members must coop- orate with a legitimate
    request from duly constituted authorities." Finally, the document says that
    if a student is charged by law en forcing agencies of violating the laws
    regarding drags the Uni versity will conduct its own investi gation. If it
    is determined that the interests of the academic com munity are involved,
    the University " may take action independently of civil authorities."

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member of
    Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription, $7.00, payable in ad
    vance. Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the post
    office at Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --# Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: HEDDY MATTHIAS
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any issue and take a stand we deem in the best interest of the
    University, to treat every issue with the responsibility that is accorded us
    in a free society to be constructively critical when necessary as well aa
    laudatory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and in
    tegrity. Michael Dennan Peter Macky Charles Mussman

Heading: EDITORIAL BOARD
Content: Charles Resnlck Jack Schmidt Donald Thompson David Weinberger Robert Wendel
    Janet Williams ,. I^fiitorisls appearing on this page reflect the majority
    opinion of the editorial board and that ol the editors. Signed columns
    present the view<< only of the authors. . . AU_ letters should be addressed
    to the Editor, and must be received no later than Saturday noon for
    publication in the Tuesday edition and Wednes day noon for publication in
    the Friday edition. AU letters must be signed and titped double-spaced;
    however, names may be withheld upon request. E<HISI reserves the right to
    choose all letters for publication, and 10 edit any letter chosen for
    reasons of space restrictions, grammatical change and offensive language.
    Office: Focht Printing Co.. 229 Market Street, 523-4221 Consultant: Brad
    Tufts. 524-1221 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY AV

Heading: National Educational Advertising Services ^3^
Content: A DIVISION OF R E A D E R ' S  D IG E S T  S A L E S  >>  S E R V IC E S , IN C
    . 3 6 0  Lexington Ave., New  York, N .Y . 10017

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Rent a Print
Content: The Ellen Clark Bertrand Li brary will rent the prints now on display in the
    second floor gallery for $3.50 for the period September through May. Rental
    day will be September ninth from 10-12 in the morning and 1-4 in the
    afternoon.

Heading: BU Concerts
Content: There will be a meeting of the Bucknell Concert Committee Thurs day, September 3
    at 9:30 in Cole man 102A. If you would like to be on the Concert Committee
    but can not make meeting, please contact Andy Meyer at Box 561, 523-3711.

Heading: Senior Portraits
Content: Senior portraits will be taken in Hunt Formal Living room next week, September
    7-11 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Girls should wear dark sweaters and boys should
    wear jackets and dark ties. Sign up at Regist ration or call Julie Colombo
    at 1769.

Heading: Meeting
Content: THE BUCKNELLIAN will hold a meeting Sunday, September 13 at 8 p. m. in Coleman
    Hall Room 102A. AU those interested in work ing in some capacity on the news
    paper staff are cordially invited.

Heading: -W HATS P L A Y IN G ?-
Content: 

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: flU E Q Z M
Content: 

Heading: WEDNESDAY thru THURSDAY
Content: 

Heading: "MASH'
Content: 

Heading: IS THE BEST
Content: 

Heading: AMERICAN WAR
Content: 

Heading: COMEDY,
Content: 

Heading: SINCE
Content: 

Heading: SOUND
Content: 

Heading: CAME
Content: >> >>

Heading: IN!
Content: -- P auline Kael, N ew  Yorker 20th Century Fox presents

Heading: MASH
Content: An Ingo Preminger Production Swung

Heading: DONALD SUTHERLAND ELLIOTT GOULD TOM SKERRITT
Content: Cc Starring SAUY tfU fR M M  # ROBERT DUVALL * JO ANN PflUG * RENE AU8ERJ0N0IS
    Produced by Duected by Screenplay by

Heading: INGO PREMINGER
Content: 

Heading: ROBERT ALTMAN
Content: RING LARDNER, Jr. From a novel by RICHARD HOOKER Music by JOHNNY MANOEl Color by
    DE LUXE(r) P A N A V IS IO N  >>

Heading: Show Times 7:00 - 9:00
Content: acc oR>*i*y$ P y em or A own

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII--NO. la
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 11. 1970
Content: 

Heading: "Che BuckntIlian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Faculty Group Presents
Content: 

Heading: Congress Outlines Program for Coming Year
Content: 

Heading: New University Senate
Content: 

Heading: ABS Discusses E
Content: -- ,, -- ,, . wpnvwT loct nirrVit tn solicit candi- Men by Monday and a prelirm
    By ERIC RIESS The University faculty will meet in special session Monday at
    7:30 p.m. in Coleman Hall Auditorium to discuss a new proposal for the
    reorganization of the University's governance procedure. The proposal
    entitled, Proposal For A University Senate, was pre pared over the summer
    months by a  special faculty committee ap pointed last May. Dr. John A. Pe
    eler, professor of Political science, Dr. Ralph Spielman, professor of
    sociology, Dr. Edward Stiano, pro fessor of Computer Science and Dr. Charles
    Walker, professor o f elec trical engineering were appointed at the final
    University faculty meeting last year. At that meeting the faculty de feated
    another model for a Uni versity Senate prepared by a fa culty governance
    Committee. That proposal was the subject of debate in the faculty since it
    was released last February. After the first Senate model failed to receive
    the necessary two- thirds majority by an 80-54 vote the faculty decided to
    continue their attempt to restructure the govern ance by appointing the new
    com mittee. In a cover letter with the new proposal, Dr. Spielman, speaking
    for the committee says, " You will note that the proposal is not, a mere
    compromise of old positions but includes innovations that make it a new
    proposition requiring a new judgement. . ." In a personal interview Dr.
    Speil- man emphasised this view saying, " this is not a rehash of the old
    Senate model, it is new, and must be considered in that light." Along with
    the proposal for the Senate are recommendations for necessary revisions in
    the structure of the faculty committee system. These suggestions are not
    part of the proposal but are necessary to provide for the smooth function
    ing of the Senate if it is adopted. Spielman commented, " this is only a
    proposal that we are pre senting to the faculty. We hope to encourage debate
    to improve the document wherever possible, be fore final action is taken. By
    SUSAN PRESTON The upcoming elections of living unit representatives and
    sugges tions of concentration for the com ing year were the topics of Wednes
    day night's Association of Bucknell Students meeting. Craig Eby, ABS vice-
    president, began the meeting by explaining the election procedure to the
    pres ent members, who visited upper- class hall groups and fraternity houses
    last night to solicit candi dates. Each living unit i.e. dormitory or
    fraternity house, will elect a certain number of representatives based on
    the number of students in that unit, to serve on the ABS for one year.
    Students interested in running will contact the Resi dent Director of their
    dorm or the Dean of Student Affairs Office of the Assistant Dean of
    Fraternity

Heading: Experimental College Organizes Plans;
Content: 

Heading: Interim Board Forms Future Activities
Content: By JAN WILLIAMS The Interim Board of the Ex perimental College today announc ed
    its plans for the future of the Experimental College in letters sent to the
    entire university com munity. The letters state plans for holding another
    Experimental Col lege this January, and for the for mation of an official
    Experimental College Board. The January Experimental Col lege will be
    generally conducted along the same lines as was the first Experimental
    College last January. However, the Interim Board stresses that this is not
    an exact replica of the first Experi mental College, since the nature of a
    college of this sort depends " entirely on its members." A meeting of all
    students and faculty interested in being mem bers of the January
    Experimental College will be held September 20 in Coleman 102A at 8:00 p.m.
    Members of the university com munity can read the prospects for the January
    Experimental College, in the reserve room or student lounge of the library
    or by con tacting any member of the Interim Board. The Experimental College
    Board is being created to officially take over all future planning and ac
    tivities concerning the Experi mental College here. Four faculty members and
    four students will be chosen for the Board.

Heading: Inter-departmental Program
Content: 

Heading: Report Offers New Arts Major
Content: THE BUCKNELLIAN organ izational meeting will be held Sunday at 8:30 p.m. in room
    102A Coleman Hall. All present staff members and anyone in terested in
    working on the paper this year are asked to attend. The creation of an
    Interdepart mental Major in the bachelor of arts program was the m ajor
    order of business at the Coliege of Arts and Science's first faculty
    meeting, Wednesday. The program, similar to the one already in effect for
    bachelor of science majors, was proposed by the curriculum committee, " In

Heading: H H
Content: 

Heading: Sweet Memories
Content: By TERRY ELLIS Tomorrow the Class of 1971 will have one of its last chances to
    re live the past during " Old Sweet Shop Day." Only seniors will actually re
    member " The thrill of . . * the first Sweet Shop date,"  as quoted by their
    freshman directory, but the remainder of the campus will have a unique
    opportunity to attach their own interpretation upon a past tradition. The
    Sweet Shop was, until 1968, the campus hangout, although fi nancially
    independent of the Uni versity. It featured an escape from the cafeterias
    through regular meal plans and a variety of foods. One specialty, the
    Clydeburger, was named after the Sweet Shop owner, Clyde Kirkland, who
    retired in 1968. At that time, the brothers of Theta Delta Chi purchased The
    Sweet Shop for their house and have since revived its old tradi tions to
    raise money for various charities. This year, in conjunction with Phi Mu
    Sorority, TDX has chosen the medical ship U.S.S. Hope as their charity with
    profits and do nations going toward this fund. From 11 a.m. until 1 a.m.
    students may order such items as pizzas, hoagies, Clydeburgers, and sun daes
    while listening to 'oldies from the jukebox' as they revive the past in
    order to help the present during Old Sweet Shop Day. order to better serve
    those stu dents who seek to concentrate in areas which transcend depart
    mental lines," according to the committee prologue to the recom mendation.
    In order to take part in the pro gram, the student must consult first with
    the chairman of the de partment where he will be taking the most courses as
    well as the other department chairman involv ed to develope a proposal. The
    proposal will consist of a topic statement, a detailed list of courses to be
    taken, a statement of reason by the student, and a statement by the
    cooperating fac ulty members that they have re viewed and approved the
    students program. The proposal will then be taken before a committee on
    Interdepart mental Majors, composed of elect ed faculty members. The commit
    tee will review all proposals, as well as provide advice for continu ation
    and evaluation of the pro gram. The committee will report to the Curriculum
    committee every two years. In other orders of business the Arts and Science
    faculty author ized the creation of a m ajor in classics. Previously the
    classics department could only offer de grees in Latin or Greek. Now the
    department will offer a classics major with the possibility of con
    centration in Greek, Latin, or classical civilization. The faculty also
    provided for the organization of a freshman advisor seminar committee,
    composed of three faculty members and two students. The committee will take
    over or ganization of the freshman advisor seminar program instituted this
    year. All members of the com mittee will be elected by methods established
    by the ABS or Faculty. In a final move the faculty voted to reorganize the
    structure of the Curriculum Committee. Students must submit an ap plication
    of their own creation, ex pressing their reaction to the idea of the
    Experimental College and their views on the future of Experi mental College.
    Both students and professors must be interviewed by several members of the
    Interim Board. All applicants should familiarize themselves with the
    evaluation of the first Experimental College, en titled Structures of
    Learning:

Heading: A
Content: Fundamental Enquiry into Bucknell Education and the Bucknell Ex perimental
    College. The evaluation may be obtained from the reserve room or student
    lounge of the li brary, or any member of the In terim Board. The
    Experimental College has gone through various stages of de velopment since
    the Academic Ad visory Committee first presented the perspectus in May,
    1969. Members of the College were se lected, and the actual experiment
    started with the first organiza tional meeting of the community in October,
    1969. Throughout all of the planning during the first se mester of last
    year, as well as the actual living situation in the SAE house in January,
    the experiment was officially in motion. During the second semester, a
    course sponsored by the depart ments of psychology and educa tion did the
    evaluation of the ex periment. It was printed in May, 1970. Since the
    evaluation strongly rec ommended that the idea of the Ex perimental College
    should definite ly be continued a group of students (Continued on Page 5)
    Men by Monday and a preliminary slate will be drawn up Tuesday. Primary
    elections wall be held Monday, September 21. Final elec tions are slated for
    Monday Sept ember 28 from 7 -9  p.m. Off-campus students will elect their
    representatives by mail ballot and representatives from the fresh man dorms
    will be elected in early October. The representation on ABS is be ing
    increased from  14 to 31. At present the membership includes the 5 officers
    elected in March, 5 at-large members elected last April, and the 4 class
    presidents. ABS hopes that the increased mem bership will strengthen communi
    cation between the ABS and the student body and make the ABS an effective
    voice of student opinion. The remainder of the meeting was conducted
    informally with the members discussing areas needing consideration by the
    ABS this year. A suggestion was made that the ABS set up a " hotline"
    telephone system which would enable a stu dent to procure information on who
    to contact about any subject from drug information to who to call about
    getting a refrigerator. They also hope to arrange a meeting with town
    officials to dis cuss the University's relationship to the Lewisburg
    community, sim- (Continued on Page 5)

Heading: Senior Class Plans
Content: 

Heading: Reunion Gift Drive
Content: By LAURIE BUTCHER The past two years heve seen a change in scope of the
    traditional senior class gift here. Instead of simply collecting money to
    buy benches or a mem orial gateway, the Classes of '69 and '70 plegded
    yearly contribu tions to a fund which would be in vested by a committee
    formed of members of their respective clas ses. At their 10th reunion, the
    clas ses will vote on what they feel is an appropriate use for what, at that
    time, will be a considerable sum for the University. Jeff Sengstack Senior
    Class Pres ident is organizing the Class of '71 Reunion Gift Drive in a
    manner similar to the two previous drives. (Continued on Page 5)

Heading: Center Construction
Content: 

Heading: Progresses Rapidly
Content: By NANCY GRDEN The construction of three build ings on and near the University
    campus has progressed rapidly over the summer. The University Center is
    scheduled for completion in September 1971, with the new Sigma Alpha house
    and the added wing on the Tau Kappa Epsilon house scheduled for use in the
    next few weeks. According to Walter C. Geiger, chief engineer of the
    construction of the Center, the construction of the building is about on
    schedule. The brick and stone work on the front of the building which faces
    Seventh Street House, is 100% completed. Within the next two weeks, the
    finished roof wall be constructed. The concrete work for the fft^rs has been
    done, and the instaif on of heating, electri cal conduk ir conditioning
    units, and other X facilities in now in progress. The kitchen^, *ies are
    sched uled to arrive around October 1, and they will be installed through
    November. Also, by the << id  of November, the external brickwork should be
    finished. The driveway is up to its per manent elevation in order to tie in
    with the entrances to the building. The sidewalk is presently lower than the
    driveway, but it will later be raised to its permanent level. The final
    grading is not done, but some of the work on the rough grading has been
    started. The added wing of the TKE house and the new SAM house are both
    scheduled for use by the end of September. All of the facilities in TKE's
    new wing are installed, except for the enlarged party room downstairs, which
    is scheduled for completion by September 19. Landscaping will ha done at a
    later date. There are 45 brothers now living in the house, 15 of which live
    in the new wing. SAM expects to sleep 16 of its brothers in the house before
    the end of the month. Several weeks later the dining facilities should be in
    readiness, and the recreation facilities should be completed three of weeks
    later, in November.

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: )
Content: 

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: SEPTEMBER 2, 1970 * !>> '7 <<  '.t *1,: i p t #MNNHMMNMMMftHftNM
    WNsiflM95MMttMllMMN08EBfl0K!MMHMR3NfltIIEBIIIItt8$K(MINMIMMMMn

Heading: An
Content: 

Heading: Explanation
Content: 

Heading: '(Kilt
Content: 

Heading: PttckneUian
Content: 

Heading: We at The Bucknellian hope to serve
Content: 

Heading: as a communications link for the mem
Content: 

Heading: bers of the University. To this end an
Content: 

Heading: explanation of some of our aperations
Content: 

Heading: and policies might facilitate our accom
Content: 

Heading: plishing this goal.
Content: 

Heading: News
Content: 

Heading: Reporting the news objectively and
Content: 

Heading: informatively is a primary function of
Content: 

Heading: the newspaper. Those in the University
Content: 

Heading: community who know of news items can
Content: 

Heading: help us cover the news thoroughly by
Content: 

Heading: calling or writing our news editors
Content: 

Heading: (listed in the masthead). Much of our
Content: 

Heading: news derives from just such aid received
Content: 

Heading: from individuals not connected with the
Content: 

Heading: paper, and we greatly appreciate these
Content: 

Heading: efforts.
Content: 

Heading: Opinion
Content: 

Heading: In addition to our news coverage,
Content: 

Heading: we hope to serve as a sounding board
Content: 

Heading: for opinion. Individual commentary gen
Content: 

Heading: erally takes two (2) form s: unsolicited -
Content: 

Heading: this includes Letters to the Editor, Feed
Content: 

Heading: back, and other columns of that nature;
Content: 

Heading: and solicited - guest columns, feature
Content: 

Heading: columns, and signed editorials come un
Content: 

Heading: der this heading. We have a record of
Content: 

Heading: printing all signed statements of opinion
Content: 

Heading: and we will continue to observe this
Content: 

Heading: policy (names will be withheld upon re
Content: 

Heading: quest) .
Content: 

Heading: Editorial Board
Content: 

Heading: Our Editorial Board is composed of
Content: 

Heading: people who are able to devote regular
Content: 

Heading: amounts of time to becoming knowledge
Content: 

Heading: able about campus, regional and world
Content: 

Heading: affairs and who can express themselves
Content: 

Heading: verbally and in writing. All those who
Content: 

Heading: have sought membership on the Board
Content: 

Heading: have been included. Those interested in a
Content: 

Heading: positions are asked to attend at least
Content: 

Heading: three (3) meetings as non-voting par
Content: 

Heading: ticipants subsequent to their application.
Content: 

Heading: They are then asked to write a sample
Content: 

Heading: editorial before final consideration is
Content: 

Heading: given.
Content: 

Heading: Editorial Board meetings are held
Content: 

Heading: regularly once a week and they are open
Content: 

Heading: to the public. Decisions of the Board are
Content: 

Heading: generally reached by consensus of the
Content: 

Heading: members present. The Editor-inChief,
Content: 

Heading: Executive Editor and Associate Editor
Content: 

Heading: are ex officio members of the Board.
Content: 

Heading: Inquiries
Content: 

Heading: We pride ourselves in being open to
Content: 

Heading: criticism. If there are any questions or
Content: 

Heading: comments that arise, please let us know
Content: 

Heading: them. An open and free press can dispel
Content: 

Heading: rumors easily.
Content: 

Heading: Paul Osher
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member of
    Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription. *7.00, payable. in ad
    vance. Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the post
    office at Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of March 3>> 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any issue and take a stand we deem to the best interest of the
    University, to treat every issue with the responsibility that Is accorded us
    in a free society to be constructively critical when necessary as well as
    laudatory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and in
    tegrity. Editorials appearing on this page reflect the majority opinion of
    tha editorial board and that of the editors. Signed columns present the
    views only of the authors. All letters should be addressed to the Editor,
    and must be received no later than Saturday noon for publication in the
    Tuesday edition and Wednes day noon for publication in the Friday edition.
    AU letters must be signed and typed double-spaced: however, names may be
    withheld upon request. The Editor reserves the right to choose aU letters
    for publication, and to edit any letter chosen for reasons of space
    restrictions, grammatical change and offensive language. Office: Fochl
    Printing Co., 22S Market Street, 822-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 824-1221

Heading: : POLITICS 7 0
Content: 

Heading: A Campaign in the Spring
Content: -By JACK SCHMIDT; jjgaa!

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: It had been a long, hot June day. As I got out of my car early that evening, I
    felt myself wanting to sprint into headquarters to see how we had done. But
    I held myself back, walking slowly, thinking back over the past few weeks'
    hoping for the best . . , Lew Kaden had announced his candidacy for the
    Democratic nom ination for the United States Representative of the Fifteenth
    Congres sional District in New Jersey in the early spring. He had graduated
    from Harvard Law School, been legislative assistant to the late Senator
    Robert F. Kennedy, and had recently been working with labor mediator
    Theodore Kheel. He had spent most of his time oltside of Middlesex County
    since graduating from Perth Amboy High School and was thus relatively
    unknown in the area. He was given little chance of beating the incumbent,
    Representative Ed Patten, since Patten had the backing of the strong
    Democratic organization. Kaden's chances for nomination looked bleak when
    President Nixon announced that United States troops had invaded Cambodia in
    late April. University strikes swept the nation soon after the Kent State
    killings, and Rutgers and Princeton students began to look closer at the
    Middle sex County race. Patten told students at Rutgers that he was against
    the invasion, but, when speaking to the Sayreville V. F. W., said that he
    backed the President. He was playing politics. Kaden had consistently been
    calling for immediate withdrawal from Vietnam, and he condemned the
    Cambodian action in the strongest terms. The growing political concern among
    students moved many to begin working for this very dark horse. In early May,
    at least sixty Princeton students would daily make the thirty minute drive
    north on Route 1 to New Brunswick and the now growing Kaden headquarters.
    Everyday, they would canvass an other portion of the district, and everyday
    their spirits rose a bit more. It seemed that people were beginning to
    listen, and that a grass-roots campaign might just have a chance of
    succeeding. People began realiz ing that they were going to have a real
    choice between candidates, and it seemed that many voters would even go to
    the polls to make that choice. As the weeks went by, the student ranks
    swelled. Rutgers and Doug lass students began to work at nine and would
    finish in the late evening. Students from other schools, whose homes were in
    the district, began working soon after unpacking their bags. High school
    students manned the twenty phones, calling strange homes, trying to get out
    the vote on June 2. House wives were calling friends, and soon the search
    began for poll watchers and baby sitters. And we thought we had a real
    chance. We even began to talk about getting together again in the fall for
    the general elections. On primary day two busloads of volunteers arrived for
    the day from New York, all veterans of past Lindsay campaigns, and now
    working for candidates with names like Eikenberry and Abzug, and for state
    senators I can't even remember. They had all given up a day for a man they
    had hardly ever heard of but had been told was on " the right side." " New
    Jersey Must Do Better Lew KADEN for CONGRESS" . . . But as I rounded the
    corner that night I looked anxiously at some f am iliar faces, I could see
    that we had lost. And we had lost badly, by a two to one margin, winning
    only three towns in the whole district. Although we had received as many
    votes as we had thought we had needed for a win, the heaviest voter turn-out
    in ten years had swelled the Patten vote. In canvassing the entire districe,
    we had at least sparked interest in many more voters although we had not
    actually con vinced them to vote for our candidate. People had decided to
    vote for the incumbent, but for the first time, they had been forced to
    confront Issues in a primary election. Although Lew had lost badly, his
    student workers had done well in their own right. Most people were
    interested in what we had had to say, and were quite surprised that we were
    giving up so much of our personal time to work for something we believed in
    We were really work ing for a cause, rather than a candidate; we were
    working for peace through democratic means. We were going out and talking
    with people, telling them their vote really did count, and asking them to
    listen to what we believed in and what our candidates stood for. Although we
    didn't win, we were listened to, not despised and shouted down. The people
    all hand an opportunity to vote in this election, those who took advantage
    of their right chose to vote for the incumbent by a large margin. But the
    power was there for all those who wanted to use it. Wc worn a small victory
    in that we had begun to work at a personal level. If we hadn't won, we at
    least had brought an unknown peace candidate and his views much closer to
    the people he was seeking to represent. People had begun to listen. If
    change is to come in this nation, it must come on a personal level. The
    campaign showed that a new idea and a new candidate has a real chance if
    people are willing to work for what they believe. We didn't win, but we were
    heard and listened to. And we'll be back.

Heading: Ashamed
Content: Editor's note: The following was received last year after our last issue but we
    thought it was of significance and should be printed. To the Editor:
    Recently I was invited to help mmmMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm organize the new
    Bucknell fund drive in this area. On the same day several Bucknell students
    pub lished a letter in the Corning news paper. It reported: " The faculty of
    Bucknell Uni versity voted to 'suspend normal academic functions to enable
    the

Heading: From the Editor's Desk
Content: .By PAUL OSHER. An experimental, " write your own"  insert will be newly
    featured in The Bucknellian this semester. On the assumption that there are
    groups of people who feel that the " establishment"  newspaper cannot meet
    their needs, The Bucknellian is seeking to afford them an opportunity to
    create their own. The cost of a two-page insert, The Bucknellian's newspaper
    facilities and expertise will all be available to an interested group once a
    month. Groups that make application for these services will be asked to
    present The Bucknellian a general outline of their proposed project by the
    middle of each month. As this is an experiment in the people's fre edom of
    the press the priorities for consideration of competing proposals will be
    established and published when proposals are in-hand. The deadline for
    submitting proposals for the first experimental pub lication is September
    18. Those interested are asked to contact Paul Osher at 1263 or at The
    Bucknellian office, 523-4221.

Heading: THE SIDESH OW -
Content: 

Heading: Tradition
Content: -By DAVID WEINBERGER;

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: SEPTEMBER 11, 1970 Many of you are Freshmen, too young and too immature to under
    stand the meaning of a breakdown of tradition, but you can trust your elder
    upperclassmen when they tell you it is happening to you here and now. The
    Freshmen are running around like mold in an old cheese store. And it's time
    something was done about it. First of all, and most of all, the women must
    be moved from Roberts Hall. It brings a soft tear to the hard eye to think
    of all those girls showering under faucets that once spiritized such B. U.
    football greats as Russel Muscle and Roger Crashlodger. It brings moisture
    to the lips to think of all those women running around the halls of that
    esteemed building with their soft little bodies clad in less material than
    needed to make the stars on the colonial flag (God bless it!). This is what
    we mean by " lack of tradition" . One's identity is all of one's past
    actions. Although he is nasty today, for example, his identity is not nasty
    because in the past he has been more often nice than rotten. In the same
    way, the identity of a people or college de pends on its past. The identity
    of Roberts Hall is male and can never be female. Oh, sure it can be
    temporarily inhabited by females, but so can jockey shorts and jockey shorts
    !will forever be male (it is comforting to know that some things just never
    change. But meanwhile, an identity crisis is being forced on our buildings.
    What is Roberts Hall to think? Was Roberts ever consulted? No, a lynch mob
    of crazed students and administrators castrated it. Bear in mind that this
    was no Myra Breckinridge sex operation but a brutal and savage ripping at
    the very masculinity of established institutions. Perhaps this will give
    some clue as to why our buildings are acting so sluggishly. The corridors
    seem to squeak a little mare, the faucets dribble instead of gush. Some
    might say that this is due to nothing more than advancing age, but any
    competent doctor will tell you that the Will to Live is the most important
    component of our survival kits. Take that away and a leaf turns to brown, a
    grape into a rasin. A word about these two phenomena is necessary. The
    leaves turn brown in autum to maintain their free will in the face of their
    realization that the winter will inevitably come anyway and will turn them
    brown. The grapes, however, have for the past few years conscientiously re
    fused to turn into grapes to support the grape boycott. The grapes knew that
    if they turned into rasins many would eat them, not aware that California
    rasins were also being boycotted, and so the path of grapes was clear.
    You'll never find a strike-breaker grape. This year, now that the strike is
    over, we can expect to see many tired grapes relinquish their grips on
    juiciness and head into that bowl of bran flakes waiting for us all. And
    that should be a lesson to us all. If only we had the !wisdom of (Continued
    on Page 3) members of the University com munity to engage in activities ad
    dressed to our national crisis.' The faculty and the student leaders of the
    strike emphasized that it was a strike

Heading: WITH
Content: the University rather than against it . . .  . The student resolution calls for:
    im mediate withdrawal of U. S. troops from Cambodia and Laos, perma nent
    cessation of bombing of North Vietnam, and withdrawal of troops from
    Southeast Asia by Decem ber." It is not difficult to find students who
    believe themselves superior in wisdom and knowledge to the Com mander-in-
    Chief, his cabinet of ficers, and the high ranking pro fessionals charged
    with America's security. The gravity with which adolescents undertake to
    provide instant solutions to international problems baffling the most experi
    enced of men, becom es a source of humor to themselves when they grow older.
    (At 17 I published an article entitled " The Riddle of the Universe," which
    dissipated the riddle in 1,000 words-) But maturity -- or at least post-
    adolescense -- is expected of fa culty members. For them to " su spend
    normal academic functions to enable the members of the Uni versity community
    to engage in ac tivities addressed to our national crisis,"  is as arrogant
    in attitude as it is pompus and sophomoric in language. This is the behavior
    of a pseudo intellectual lynch mob enforcing conformity by strangling
    dissent. It silences dissenters by ignoring the very existence of their
    point of view. It extinguishes the right of a student even to be non-
    involved -- to attend classes instead of playing international politics. It
    says with the brutal directness of a totali tarian " people's" (slave)
    state: " Not only may you not disagree; you MUST AGREE!" In condoning such
    faculty action, Bucknell abdicates its function as an institution of
    enlightenment and becomes an instrument of crowd tyranny. While it continues
    thus to distort the purpose for which it was founded, I must refuse to raise
    money for -- or to give money to -- an Alma Mater of which I have be come
    ashamed. ROBERT L. LYON, 1929 6 Belleau St. Corning, N. Y. 14830

Heading: Two Illustrious Professors Die
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: 

Heading: Thanks
Content: To the editor, The ABS would like to extend a personal note of thanks to Andy
    Meyer for his help with the all campus dance last weekend. With out his last
    minute assistance in obtaining the services of the Glory River the dance
    would not have been the success that it was. Thanks Craig Eby for the ABS
    Two former University profes sors died this week. John S. Gold, professor of
    mathamatics emeritus died at his home in Turbotville Monday, and Frank A.
    Sprague pro fessor of Spanish emeritus died

Heading: University Receives
Content: 

Heading: USA Biolog) Grant
Content: The University's department of biology has been awarded a $6,700 grant by the
    National Science Foundation for the purchase of in structional scientific
    equipment. The grant, which will be adminis tered by Dr. Jack E. Harclerode,
    associate professor of biology and chairman of the department, and Dr.
    Richard J. Ellis, assistant pro fessor of biology, must be matched by the
    University. The funds from the grant will be used to purchase equipment for
    several courses in both animal and plant physiology. The major items include
    a differential respirometer, a recording spectrophometer, a fraction
    collector, and spectroradio- meter. Saturday at the Evangelical Com munity
    Hospital in Lewisburg. Gold, who was 71, retired in 1969 after almost half a
    century as a member of the University faculty. He came to the University in
    1920 as an instructor in mathematics, two years after receiving his bachelor
    of science degree in math ematics with the distinction of cum laude. In 1921
    he received his master of arts degree from the University, he did post
    graduate study at the University of Chicago. In 1967 he was one of three
    professors who re ceived the Lindback Award for dis tinguished teaching and
    in the same year was honored with the MacDuffee Award for distinguished
    service to Phi Mu Epsilon national honorary mathematics fraternity. The
    class of 1968 also saluted him when they dedicated their edition of L'Agenda
    to him. Last June Dr. Gold was given one of the University's highest alumni
    awards, the Alumni Chair for Eminent and Meritorious Ser vice and
    Demonstrated Loyalty to the University. Professor Gold is survived by his
    wife the former S. Marie Ul rich; three children David H. of Danville,
    William D. of Lewisburg and Mrs. Albert Kazary of Doyles- town, Pa. 14 grand
    children and four greatgrandchildren. Friends who wish to honor his memory
    are asked to make contri butions to the Heart Fund. PTofessor Sprague was a
    re cipient of a bachelor of arts degree from Tulane University in 1916 and a
    master of arts degree from the University of Wisconsin in 1919. He waSS an
    instructor at Wisconsin from 1917 until 1924 when he came here. He was
    promoted to associate professor of romance languages in 1926 and to
    professor of Spanish in 1949. He retired in 1960 after 36 years on the
    University faculty. Professor Sprague is survived by his two sons, Robert M.
    of Wethers field Conn, and Walter A. of York, and a brother Roy A. of
    Waukeska, Wis., and five grand children. A memorial service will be held
    tonight at 7:30 p.m. at the First Baptist Church in Lewisburg. Friends who
    wish to honor his memory are invited to make con tributions to the
    Evangelical Com munity Hospital building fund. Meditation Chapel Vaughan
    Lit. Aud. Friday, September 11 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services 8:00 p.m. Hilltop:
    " Grand Illusion" Saturday, September 12 8:30 a.m. Inhalation Therapy
    Technicians Test Visual Aids Aud. 9:00 a.m. Computer Center Orientation
    Program Freshmen Data Engineering 228 12:00 Noon International House Picnic
    Cowan 8:00 p.m. Class of 1971 and 1973 Film: " Who's Afraid of Virginia W
    oolf?" Vaughan Lit. Aud. Sunday, September 13 10:30 a.m. Chapel: The Rev.
    Mr. James E. Gardner Rooke Chapel 4:00 p.m. Catholic Mass Rooke Chapel 8:30
    p.m. " Bucknellian"  Organizational Meeting Coleman Hall 102A Monday,
    September 14 7:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. Family Swim
    Nite Freas-Rooke Pool Sailing Club Coleman Hall 101B Special Bucknell
    University Faculty Meeting Coleman Hall Theatre Dept, of English Film: "
    Nanook of the North"

Heading: A.A.U.W.
Content: Vaughan Lit. Aud. University Lounge Tuesday, September 15 4:45 p.m. Catholic
    Mass Rooke Chapel New Dorm Lounge 7:30 p.m. " L'Agenda"  Organizational
    Meeting 8:00 p.m. Dept, of Mathematics Film: " Gottinger and New York" 8:15
    p.m. Lecture-Recital: " The Young Beethoven," Prof. William McRae Vaughan
    Lit. Aud. Olin Science Aud.

Heading: Several Expensive Items Reported Missing;
Content: 

Heading: Zeller Sees Personal Insurance as Remedy
Content: 

Heading: The Sideshow
Content: By DAVID WEINBERGER By CHARLES MUSSMAN Many student's belongings were stolen
    from the dormitory storage rooms this summer. In the Swartz 'D' wing storage
    room alone there were two portable typewriters, an electric typewriter, a
    braille type writer, and a speaker system stolen. According to Miss Judith

Heading: M.
Content: Judy, Director of University Residence Halls, the full extent of the losses is
    still not known, be cause students have not reported their losses to the
    University as yet. When asked about the security precautions taken to
    prevent theft from  the rooms, Miss Judy replied that the rooms are always
    kept locked. In some cases however, the Physical Plant, the custodians, the
    counselors, and members of the administration all carry master k eys' that
    will unlock the rooms. She went on to state that the Uni versity carries no
    type of insurance on the belongings stored over the summer by students, and
    that it cannot accept financial responsi bility for any losses. Mr. John F.
    Zeller, Vice Pres ident ol Business and Finance, stated that cases of theft
    are in creasing all over the campus. Last May several cars in Swartz park
    ing lot were broken into, and the various dorms are constantly hav ing
    furniture, mattresses and equip ment stolen from them. Both the music
    department and the audio visual aids laboratory have had ex pensive
    instruments and equipment taken. Mr. Zeller estimated that $15,000 is stolen
    annualy from the University. When asked about precautions students might
    take to prevent heavy financial loss in cases of theft, Mr. Zeller said that
    he be lieved the best way to protect ones self was to purchase some form of
    homeowner's or personal belong ing's insurance. He also urged all students
    to be watching for any in stances where theft is expected or suspected and
    report any unusual occurrances to the Physical Plant. 1-- << *

Heading: LriviaJ
Content: (Continued from Page 2) the leaf or themoral courage of the grape. Ah, then we
    would be able to return the woment to the Sem. Put sex back into the cellar
    is our cry. If this was the only complaint we would be happy. But no. Now
    the women run around all night without even the hint of a curfew. If God had
    wanted us to stay up late he would have given us headlights, or made the sun
    go down a good deal after sunset. Cut less from the discipline of tradition,
    we can expect the class of 1974 to bum out in about 1973. The first gray
    hair frazzles are be ginning to appear. Only if we act now can we help. Let
    us buckle down to our responsibilities and leave the fun for the future.
    Trivial returns next week: that's the column that, each week, ex poses the
    little-known facts about the University. Please don't be come a little-known
    reader in the process. Dig up some facts and send all unearthed trivialities
    to Box B-729 as soon as possible, c/o Trivial. Its life depends upon it.

Heading: SIZZING S I R L O I N
Content: 

Heading: ---------------------
Content: 

Heading: $1-89
Content: 

Heading: BONANZA STEAK HOUSE
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: SIRLOIN PIT
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: No Tipping
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: Come as you are
Content: 

Heading: Shamokin Dam on Route 15
Content: 

Heading: W V B U
Content: 

Heading: F M
Content: 

Heading: 90:5
Content: 

Heading: THE INTELLIGENT
Content: 

Heading: ALTERNATIVE
Content: 

Heading: SAVE
Content: 

Heading: SAVE
Content: 

Heading: LP's - - - RECORDS
Content: 

Heading: 8 TRACK TAPES
Content: 

Heading: - - CASSETTES
Content: 

Heading: ALL LABELS
Content: 

Heading: ALL ARTISTS
Content: 

Heading: FROM ACID ROCK TO
Content: 

Heading: LONG HAIR
Content: 

Heading: BUY DIRECT FROM ONE OF NEW YORK'S LARGEST
Content: 

Heading: When you
Content: 

Heading: it's for
Content: 

Heading: know
Content: 

Heading: keeps
Content: 

Heading: WHOLESALE DISTRIBUTORS
Content: 

Heading: Compare Our Prices:
Content: 

Heading: LP's
Content: 

Heading: 4.98 list-- your cost 3.19
Content: 

Heading: 5.98 list-- your cost 4.00
Content: 

Heading: 6.98 list-- your cost 4.60
Content: 

Heading: Tapes
Content: 

Heading: 6.98 list-- your cost 4.40
Content: 

Heading: 7.98 list-- your cost 5.00
Content: Add 50c for the first record or tape for mailing and hand ling-- 25c for each
    additional record or tape.

Heading: STRATFORD DISTRIBUTORS, INC.
Content: 

Heading: 184-23 Jamaica Avenue
Content: 

Heading: Hollis, N. Y. 11423
Content: 

Heading: 212-454-8800
Content: 

Heading: P* A!! your cherished moments
Content: 

Heading: will be forever symbolized by
Content: 

Heading: your diamond engagement ring.
Content: 

Heading: If the name, Keepsake is in
Content: 

Heading: the ring and on the tag, you are
Content: 

Heading: assured of fine quality and
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: lasting satisfaction. The
Content: 

Heading: engagement diamond is
Content: 

Heading: flawless, of superb color, and
Content: 

Heading: precise modern cut.
Content: R E G I S T E R E D _

Heading: TCeepsake(
Content: D I A M O N D  R I N G S F IN LA N D IA  $ 1 5 0 A LS O  TO  2 1 0 0 W E D D IN
    G  RIN G  3 4 . 7 5 LEVITT $ 3 0 0 ALSO  TO 1975 S P U N M E S H  $ 3 5 0 A
    LS O  TO  2 1 0 0 W E D D IN G  R IN G  7 9 . 5 0 P O E T IQ U E  $ 3 5 0 A
    LSO  T O  2 2 S O W E D D IN G  RIN G  3 4 . 7 5

Heading: SEPTEMBER 11, 1970
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: Sophs Suffer from Space Shortage
Content: 

Heading: Interview Dramatizes 'Close' Conditions of Fifth Trax
Content: By DAVID HAMMER Feature(r) Editor's Note: The fol lowing interview was conducted
    with four 'temporary' residents on the fifth floor of Trax Hall. Basical ly,
    the living conditions of those residents consist of two large rooms, housing
    students in bunkbeds (a situation similar to a barracks). Only two bathroom
    facilities exist, and closet space amounts to small locker space. It is in
    these crowded rooms that W, X, Y, and Z offered their views on their
    condition. It can be pointed out that the par ticipants' answers were honest
    and quite serious, and anyone doubting what one called the " absurd"  liv
    ing quarters herein described is extended an invitation to the Fifth Trax "
    Penthouse"  to discover the truth for himself. BUCK NELLI AN: Perhaps an in
    itial description of your predica ment here would be in order. W: It's a bad
    situation. Basically, there are thirty-five guys here; all but two are
    sophomores (those two are seniors). X : I'm in an upper bunk, and there's no
    screen in the window nearby. It may sound silly, but there are lights out
    the window which are on all night, and there must be 200 million flies, dead
    or otherwise, on the pillows, beds -- all over. W: There are two bathrooms,
    but one of them has no windows or ventilation whatsoever. And there are only
    two showers for the lot of us. Y: No blinds exist and there are lights
    outside the windows; it's just impossible to sleep most of the time. Coupled
    with the heat, the situation is unbearable. B: Where do you have a chance to
    study in close quarters such as these? W: With this many guys together,

Heading: T R A I L
Content: 

Heading: R I D E S
Content: 

Heading: Horses leave every
Content: 

Heading: evening 6:30, Monday
Content: 

Heading: through Thursday
Content: 

Heading: Call 523-0413
Content: 

Heading: LIGGETTS
Content: 

Heading: RIDING STABLE
Content: there's no chance for studying here, as you can see. I go to the library. We
    have a couple of ath letes who have to get to bed early so, again, our
    chances are limited here. B: Could any place be reserved for studying until
    your conditions improve. Y : We asked our head resident if we could reserve
    desks at the library or in other campus build ings, and he said he'd try to
    find out. W: The room we're supposed to study in is filled with trunks. Part
    of the problem with studying is that you have to have the proper enviomment
    for it; and that en vironment includes rest at night, which we really don't
    often get. B. What 'human' problems come to mind relative to this mass
    grouping of people. Y : A lot of guys have 8 o'clocks and it's an almost
    impossible sit uation when half the room has to leave at the same time. It's
    not only bad for those who have to sleep, but the facilities, described
    earlier, don't really allow for everyone leaving at once. Some guys have to
    use closets in the next room, too, which doesn't help matters any. W: One
    thing is that there's been no stealing and everyone seems to get along,
    maybe because we're all in the same situation. Z: But, since nothing's
    locked, theft could develope -- not necesg- sarily on the part of those
    here, but anyone could really walk in any time, when you think about it.
    We've had people sleeping here who don't belong here, so access is
    relatively easy. We won't get to lock anything, either, because you can't
    make twenty keys for every body. It's not practical. B. Have those in
    'authority' been any consolation to you Y: Our - head resident, Turner,
    doesn't have many answers, but he certainly tries to find them for us. In
    that way, he's been our biggest aid here. W: Our head resident is doing OK,
    but I think Len (Smolen) or

Heading: LEWISBURG INN
Content: Luncheon--12:00 to 2:00 Dinner 5:30 to 8:00 p.m. Sunday Dinner 12:00 to 2:30
    only --Early American Atmosphere-- 101 Market Street, Lewisburg, Pa.

Heading: CLOSED MONDAY
Content: 

Heading: Corsages -- Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: .....
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: W V
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: 6:40 AM : FM
Content: 

Heading: 90.S
Content: 

Heading: GIVE
Content: 

Heading: US
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: LISTEN
Content: -

Heading: ---------
Content: 

Heading: EARN MONEY JELLING
Content: 

Heading: LP's -- 8 Track Tapes -- Cassettes
Content: 

Heading: Be a direct representative
Content: 

Heading: of
Content: 

Heading: a major New York
Content: 

Heading: Distributor:
Content: 

Heading: Contact STRATFORD DISTRIBUTORS
Content: 

Heading: 184-23 Jamaica Avenue
Content: 

Heading: Hollis, N. Y. I 1423
Content: 

Heading: 212-454-8800
Content: someone should've come up who knew how things were, and simply explain what's
    going to happen. Y : I agree. We'd like some an swers. Z: You can't really
    blame him (Smolen) for the situation, but some news on our predicament would
    be welcome from someone who may know what's happening W: We've had to find
    things out by way of a grapevine. B: Do you blame anyone in par ticular for
    the lack of housing on this campus and your cramped sit uation? W: How can
    you? They (the Ad missions office) have to protect themselves. They probably
    just didn't figure on so many people accepting the invitation to the Uni
    versity. And I don't think it's just to place blame on anyone. More freshmen
    came than they bargain ed for. You could almost say that they did a good
    job, considering. But, I will admit that, with my suitcases completely
    packed be cause of a lack of space here, I'm not totally overjoyed with this
    deal. Y : It seems like a laissez-faire attitude is being adopted -- noth
    ing's happening and it seems that no one is doing anything to help the
    situation. W: We've tried to see Len (Smo len) during freshman week, but I
    guess he was involved with Micro labs. When we've tried to see him he's been
    in meetings. Y : But you'd think our situation would be considered just as
    im perative, wouldn't you? B: What are your chances of leaving here soon
    and, if so, how will the departure be achieved? W: We're not sure about any
    thing, really. X : We've been told that the juniors and seniors who have
    rooms already are going to be 'wooed' into trailers across Route 15. B: What
    if they opt to retain their rooms? X: Then, We'll be moved out into the
    trailers, according to the priority list. Those who move out first would be
    those who had lower room numbers in the draw ing last spring. W: But we
    really don't know ex actly what will happen should the juniors and seniors
    refuse the trailers. I might add that we've been told that there are double
    rooms with only one resident now, and seven of us were supposedly going to
    be moved out, but we still have no word on that. 24 HOUR WRECKER

Heading: S-E-R-V-I-C-E
Content: 

Heading: BAKER'S
Content: 

Heading: BODY SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 1722 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-9342
Content: B: Do you feel that you, as sophomores, were singled out for the consequences of
    this shortage? In other words, would you rather have been freshmen assigned
    to Ffith Trax as opposed to your selves? W: They had to give the fresh man
    'good' rooms in Kress and Trax, or they (the freshmen) would be totally
    disillusioned. But you'd think that, for a school that costs $3350 a year,
    we'd all get a better deal. I wouldn't normally expect this of the school.
    B: Are you paying the same boarding costs as other upperclass men? Y: No.
    The longer you stay here, the less you pay; but we weren't told any other
    facts. B: When were you told of your new residence? Was it early in the
    summer? Could you prepare for it? Y : I found out on August 25, because I
    was here and I asked. W: Well, we had to be here the third <of September),
    so I think I found out a week or so before. B: Didn't you receive any
    letters concerning the impending situa tion? Y: We were notified throughout
    the summer of the lack of rooms but were not told where we would eventually
    be placed. W: This must be the first time it's ever happened here -- thi:
    much of a shortage. We feel that an obligation hasn't been fulfilled. After
    all, we've been here a yea: already, but it still seems like we've made no
    progress. It's worse this year than last -- just look. People over there
    (points to Vaughan and Marts) ought to take a few business courses. B: It
    seems that the men this year were worse off than the wo men residents. Do
    you feel that this could have been remedied in any way? W: I can't
    understand why girl's singles in the B-wing of Swartz Hall were not made
    into doubles, as were the men's singles in A- wing of that hall. Then maybe
    there would be more space for us. One thing's for sure; we'll be ready for
    the army. We feel like we're in it now. And I'm  serious. * * * (Editor's
    Note: This interview was conducted on Monday, Sept ember 7, and speaks to
    the con ditions as they stood at that time.)

Heading: Footnotes
Content: Py PAUL J. J. PAYACK THE SCIENCE FICTION HALL OF FAME By Isaac Asimov et al.
    Edited by Robert Silverberg. 558 pages. Garden City: Double day. $6.95.
    According to Isaac Asimov, the American phenomenon of scientific fiction has
    developed through three stages. The first emerged an 1926 when Hugo
    Gernsback founded Amazing Stories. This was the first publication devoted to
    the genre. At the time readers were sparse and writers scarce; so when
    Gernsback was not reprinting Wells and Verne, he was depending upon the
    talents of enthusiastic, yet inexperienced writers. The result was an
    inundation of voyages extraordinaries, exotic adventures with little hard
    science. The second stage evolved slowly out of the first as writers gained
    experience and readers sophistication. By 1938, when John Campbell assumed
    the editorship of AS, technical exactitude was demanded. Years before the
    fact, the faithful learned of atomic energy. Naturally Asimov labels this
    the technological stage. The present stage of development (1950-) has
    managed to re tain the technical sophistication of the previous stage while
    em phasizing the sociological implications of the future (humanoid's
    relation to the humanoid). Now, if you're interested in studying this
    evolutionary trend in depth, The Science Fiction Hall of Fame is an
    excellent place to begin. The quality of the selections, if you accept the
    subtitle, is not only great, but The Greatest Science Fiction Stories of All
    Time. This rather bold assertion is made by the Science Fiction Writers of
    America (who also did the writing). As anyone familiar with the genre knows,
    every year this group distributes Nebula Awards for the best work falling in
    each of four categories: novel, novella, novelet (stretching the point), and
    short story. Since the Association was not in existence before the mid-60's
    (and hence no awards), it was decided to confer similar honors on the best
    of what was previously written. Names were nominated, votes voted and the
    Tesult for the under 15,000 word category was The Hall of Fame, ergo its
    claim to greatness. Pacing the vote, the all-time greatest is Asimov's
    Nightfall, the story of the end of a world. And then there's Martian
    Odessey, by Stanley G. Weinbaum. Following is Keye's classical standard (and
    recent motion picture, Charly), Flowers for Algernon; after that,
    Microcosmic God by Theodore Sturgeon. Of the better known authors, Robert
    Heinlein, Arthur C. Clarke and John Campbell placed highly. In all, there
    are 26 stories by 26 writers; so in that conglomeration you ought to find a
    few to your liking. And in the process you'll learn of and about silicon
    life, the Neoterics, God's nine billion names, Martian phenomenology, and
    how, by decipher ing a few lines from Alice in Wonderland, two kids escape
    reality.

Heading: N O W
Content: 

Heading: O P E N
Content: 

Heading: Sunday-- Thursday --  9 a.m. --  12 midnight
Content: 

Heading: Friday and Saturday --  9 a.m. --  2 a.m.
Content: 

Heading: G A R Y ' S
Content: 

Heading: F A R M H O U S E
Content: 

Heading: 323 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: >
Content: 

Heading: Drop in sometime and meet Kate,
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: Tony's
Content: 

Heading: original Pizza - maker
Content: 

Heading: tiBSM
Content: 

Heading: 5 W  ' Sit
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: SEPTEMBER 11, 1970

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY
Content: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m. Fri.-Sat. - - - - 7:00 - 1:00 p.m. Sunday -------
    7:00 - 11:30 p.m.

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O PEN
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: 

Heading: Mon. - Thur. 4:00'- 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. - Sat.
Content: 

Heading: 4:00 - 2:00 a.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sun.
Content: 

Heading: 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: Volunteer Services Re-organized
Content: 

Heading: CA Undergoes Expansion
Content: 

Heading: Happenings o f Note
Content: By NICKI DREW The volunteer program  of " Con cern through Action"  underwent a
    double change this summer. Not only has dt expanded the number of
    opportunities open to potential volunteers, it has made plans for a new
    concept in " volunteerism." In past years the University's volunteer
    services have been lim ited to a sm all group of institu tions, such as
    Laurelton and Selins- grove Hospitals. These program s all involved a number
    of students whose task was simply that of a friend to one individual
    patient. This year, in addition to these opportunities, the Volunteer Serv
    ices is offering a greater variety of placements, with a wide range of
    required tim e, experience, and committment. Included among these positions
    are: drivers who transport volun teers, observers in hospital social service
    agencies, companions for lonely patients, and eventually ap prentice case
    workers under the Child W elfare County Council. Along with this expansion
    of op portunity, the Volunteer Services hopes to establish a functioning
    campus - community & volunteer agency which would satisfy much of the
    community's needs as well as offering the student a chance for self-fulfillm
    ent. Under this plan, a full-tim e office would be used where people on and
    off campus could find positions and institutions could find volunteers. The
    eventual hope is that the ag ency, under the guidance of a board composed of
    students, fac ulty, and mem bers of the com munity, would be able to begin
    com pletely independent programs. In addition to the expansion of the
    program 's opportunities, the Volunteer Services is attempting to change the
    level of the Volun teer work itself. Instead of basing the program on "
    friendship" , as has been the custom  in the past, the leaders of the
    Volunteer Serv ices, Mike Derm an and Joan Ger- rity, are trying to make the
    pro gram more professional in its ap proach and thus more effective. For the
    first time, students will have the opportunity to work closely with
    professional psycholo gists and sociologists. In addition, the jobs open to
    them will be more challenging and will require more skill and dedication.
    The result will be a more serious and professional type of program which
    will not only benefit the patient, but also will give the Student a real
    flavor of social work. This added expertise will bring with it added
    responsibility, ac cording to the program's two lead ers. To be effective,
    the volun teers must work with their client regularly and continually evalu-
    ate ar.d improve their techniques. " Being a volunteer" , in the words of
    Mike Derm an, " should not be thought of as just another activity because
    you are dealing with people who need your help." Both leaders emphasized
    that although the volunteer work in the past has 'been excellent, there is
    room for improvement, and that is the basis for the changes and ex pansions
    which are now taking place. " Good volunteerism just isn't that easy,"  says
    Mike Derman. " There's more to to it than just an hour and a half of being
    your self with an underprivileged per son. You have to be aware of the
    person you are trying to help and what you can do for him."

Heading: ABS Notes
Content: Any upperclass student desiring to run for a post as an ABS Living Unit
    Representative must give his name to the resident director of his dormitory;
    Gerry Commerford, Assistant Dean of Fraternity Men; or the Dean of Student
    Affairs Of fice. Also include telephone and box numbers and living unit,
    i.e. dormitory or fraternity house. The deadline for submitting names is
    Monday, September 14 at 12 noon. * * * Any student desiring to be ap pointed
    to the Board of Review of Academic Responsibility must pick up an interest
    sheet at the Dean of Student Affairs Office. It must be returned by
    Wednesday, September 16 at 4:30 p.m. Any questions about the duties of this
    office, call Sue Preston, 3270.

Heading: ABS Plans
Content: (Continued from Page 1) ilar to the one held last year. A point was made that
    faculty members enjoyed the informal, personal relationship they experi
    enced with students during Strike week last year and would like the students
    to help create the same atmosphere agaain. They would also like to see the
    ABS take more initiative in proposing what areas should be investigated by
    the Uni versity community. Also to com e under ABS con sideration this year
    will be the black studies program, ROTC, the budgets of athletic and music
    de partments, the student general fee, the dining hall situation, rising Bi
    son prices, inter-dormitory com munication and goverance, and the newly
    revised Senate proposal. At its next meeting, the Congress will elect a new
    recording secre tary and two members to serve on the Board of Review of
    Academic Responsibility. They will also re view the new judicial procedure
    document. The procedure is await ing ABS approval before its im plementation
    by Dr. Charles H. Watts III, University president.

Heading: Flu Program
Content: The University is once again, providing " flu"  shots for all in terested
    students, faculty, admin istration, and employees. The Medical Service urges
    all to take advantage of this service. The complete program will involve two
    injections given at two to three weeks intervals. The program will begin
    Sept ember 15th at the Ziegler Dispen sary from 9-11 a.m. and 1-4 p.m.,
    Tuesday through Friday. Kindly adhere to the hours listed. . Persons
    allergic to eggs are not advised to take the injections.

Heading: Beethoven's Fourth
Content: As part of the University music department's participation in the international
    observance oi the 200th anniversary of Beethoven's birth, Professor William
    D. McRae will present a lecture-recital in Vaughan Literature auditorium at
    8:1 pun., Tuesday.

Heading: Senior Gift
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) He said, " It will be a significant gift used in a
    relevant, important w ay." He suggested the funds could be used to form a
    communications Department, to pay the salaries of professors in a Black
    Studies pro gram, or for scholarships. Sengstack emphasized, " the class
    gift is one of the few opportunities available to students (or alumni) to
    have a voice, a direct influence on their school. In helping with the drive
    students can both work for the entire class and see that some thing they
    want will happen." Seniors are needed to organize the campaign, which is
    conducted in collaboration with the Depart ment of Development. " Each vol
    unteer must be committed to the drive, but it will not take a great deal of
    time,"  according to Jeff, who hopes to see half the class working on the
    campaign event ually. Interested persons should contact Sengstack at B194.

Heading: L'Agenda
Content: There will be a meeting of all those interested in working on L'Agenda Tuesday
    at 7:30 p.m. in the New Dorm Pit.

Heading: Susquehanna Sailors
Content: The sailing club will meet Mon day night at 7:00 p.m. in Coleman Hall room 101A.
    Anyone interested in joining should plan to attend. All members of the men's
    and wom en's teams will m eet immediately following.

Heading: Gardner Speaks
Content: This Sunday, Chapel will be held at 10:30 a.m. Rev. James Gardner will deliver
    the dialogue-sermon " Not the Resurrection Again!"  A coffee hour will
    follow. The Chapel Committee will also meet this Sunday at 4 p.m. in the
    meditation room. New members are welcomed.

Heading: Directory Aid
Content: The Annual University directory is being prepared by the registrar's office but
    many .students have not supplied that office with all the necessary
    information. If you're not sure that the registrar hass all your vital
    statistics call 1244 or stop by window 5 in Marts Hall.

Heading: Experimental
Content: (Continued from Page 1) formed the Interim Board of the Experimental College.
    They are now working as an unofficial group to make plans for the future of
    the Experimental College. The Inter im Board will remain in charge of all
    work on the College until the Experimental College Board of- fically takes
    over. Members of the Interim Board are Steve Abramson, June Conger, Ray
    Daly, Karen Farnsworth, Ar men Marsoobian, Bob Trabin, Jo Tuska, Nancy
    Weeks, and Jan Wil liams.

Heading: oo
Content: 

Heading: ANY UPPERCLASSMAN INTERESTED IN RUNNING FOR
Content: 

Heading: H B S
Content: 

Heading: lilUMG
Content: 

Heading: Unil
Content: 

Heading: REPRESEIITRTIUE
Content: 

Heading: should:
Content: 

Heading: submit name, box number, phone number, and
Content: 

Heading: living unil to his own Residence Director
Content: 

Heading: (Fraternity men submit information to Dean
Content: 

Heading: Commerford)
Content: 

Heading: BY MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, AT NOON
Content: #PPMMPPP

Heading: Thundering Herd Hastens
Content: 

Heading: Toward Long Hard Season
Content: 

Heading: P R E S S  B O X
Content: -B y DAN M ILLER; By BOB WENDEL As the University begins a new year, the average
    college student immediately has thoughts of the " big gam e,"  but judging
    from  this year's football schedule, that game probably w ill never occur.
    One football rating organization has chosen the BU Bisons to lose nine of
    its ten games, with the one remaining contest, against Temple on September
    19 in the season's opener, to be a " toss-up." Although pegged to lose nine
    gam es, the point spreads in these contests are not large, making way for
    som e really exciting battles. The biggest reason for the sea son's rather
    dim outlook can be contributed to the schedule. Pren- der's squad has two
    gam es with tough Southern teams: Davidson and The Citadel. The Citadel, a m
    ilitary school, has had good football for a number of years, and is a
    possible confer ence champion. No one will ever forget the Wit tenberg game,
    played here last year for Parent's Weekend. This year's opponent from  the
    Ohio con ference is Baldwdn-Wallace instead, which is the team  which yearly
    fights it out with Wittenberg for their conference title. Although the MAC
    no longer ex ists as a football conference, the schedule has retained the
    usual MAC rivals. Heading the list are Delaware and Lehigh, both of whom
    beat the Thundering Herd last year, and figure to be stronger this year.
    Finishing up the schedule is Rutgers, which just recently has becom e a sm
    all Eastern power house. With all this power lined up against the Herd, it
    would seem quite a task for the Bisons to put up a good showing. However,
    Coach Fred Prender is optim istic. " The guys are in the best pos sible
    shape they could be in phys ically. My staff and I are now working on the
    mental readiness of the club." " We feel we have a much better ball team
    than at this time last year, and we've had very few  in juries." The three
    boys who have been injured are all sophomores and all have had leg problem
    s. Roy Churchman and Rich Zentd both required operations on their knees, and
    will be out for the season. Gerry Solomon should be back in the line-up
    shortly. How well the team  will actually do still remains to be seen.
    Praac- tice this year has 'been lim ited due to early matriculation, and the
    50 man squad is sm aller than last years. However, Coach Prender feels that
    he has, " the nucleus of a very good football team ; they are big ger,
    quicker, m ore dedicated, and m ore mature than last year's squad. If we get
    a few breaks, and stay healthy, we are going to upset a few  team s."
    Concerning this years probable starters, G reg Doviak w ill once again be
    assuming the quarterback position, with Don Giacom elli and John Newman at
    the halfback spots. On defense, four fam iliar names are indicative of a
    strong return ing attack. Tarras Qnishencko and C. B. M ansfield will be
    holding down two of the linebacker spots, while Gene Depew on the line and
    Gene Lucarelli at safety round out the quartet. Last evening, in a closed
    scrim m age, the Bisons showed a rather potent offensive attack, as they
    scored four times. Two of the tal lies cam e on long pass plays, while the
    other two were short runs. Looking extrem ely tough on of fense were end,
    Bob Ciperson, and fullback Mitch Farhstein. What will occur this season
    still remains to 'be seen, but if Coach Prem ier's optimism is any indica
    tion, 1970 stacks up to be a very interesting year, win or lose.

Heading: Wrestling
Content: All those interested in intercol legiate wrestling meet at 8:00 P. M., Monday,
    September 14 in class room  201, Davis Gymnasium. Those interested in acting
    in the capacity of a manager are also welcom e. The football season is now
    upon us and the Thundering Herd finds itself without an athletic confer
    ence. The Middle Atlantic Confer ence University division has been disbanded
    and BU joins the ranks of the independent football powers. GDI if you
    prefer. * * Ib is means of course that BU thus lodges into a category with
    Notre Dame and Rho Alpha Mu, two other m ajor independents. * One wonders in
    this same vein whether The Herd will follow the lead of the Fighting Irish
    and de murely wait 30-odd years before accepting a bowl bid. We feel certain
    that when and if the opportunity presented itfcelf for the Bison gridmen to
    journey to a post season tilt, the sophistication of the BU organization
    would be put to the test. * * For exam ple, the mangy m ascot that stumbles
    around the friendly confines of M emorial Stadium will have to be replaced
    by the real thing (although the last Bison in Buffalo Valley was shot in
    1800 thus precluding the possibility of obtain-

Heading: radium*
Content: ------ WHATS PLAYING? ------

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: "The last w ord
Content: 

Heading: in thrillers.
Content: 

Heading: Terrifie."
Content: ~Gmnm Shalit, Look Magasina YVES MONTAND JRENE PAPAS JEAN-LOUIS TRINTIGNANT

Heading: 9 >>
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: Starting W ed.. Sept. 23
Content: "

Heading: WOODSTOCK
Content: " ing a  home grown variety). This replacem ent o f the mascot is necessary for
    two reasons. First, Penn State has a lion, and second, we are cetain that
    the current m as cot would 'be distracted by the halftime entertainment. It
    would be unseemly to have a mascot dro oling all over the Apache Bells for
    instance. * * * Another deficit that would have to be rem edied would be the
    hel mets on the gridders themselves. We think it would be clever to in
    dicate to the fans and Curt Gowdy who the most valiant Bisons are by som e
    sort of insignia on their helmets. Our first thought was that a buckeye flow
    er would be suitable but we are told that this is already taken, * * * Maybe
    we could use the flowers of the hemp plant instead: to show how good a
    player was at putting his opponent on the ropes. This summer has been an
    eventful one for Bucknell athletics. It saw the end of the highly successful
    coaching career of Henry Peters when he collapsed at a tennis match in
    August. It also saw the beginning of two new coaching careers at Bucknell
    with the appearances of Richard Schumacher and Arthur Gulden. With the
    passing of Hank Peters, Bucknell lost a venerable, colorful coach. Not only
    did he com pile a magnificent won-lost record during his coaching years, he
    astablished that elusive winning tradition in tennis. Coach Peters
    supervised 158 wins while sustaining just 126 de feats in building that
    tradition. Last year's team  was undefeated in

Heading: 14
Content: t matches and brought home a second consecutive MAC championship. With this type
    of tradition, his successor, Craig Reynolds, will have an easier job
    recruiting and maintaining the quality of tennis at Bucknell. Arthur Gulden
    will assume the responsibilities of track and cross country. He comes to BU
    after coaching the Scarlet Knights of Rutgers in these two sports for the
    past three years. Coach Gulden started practice for the 5-meet cross-country
    schedule on Wednesday and promises to hold work-outs for track and field men
    beginning in the next couple of weeks. Gulden sees lots of promise in the
    material he has to work with and expects to develop a significant track
    program  at BU. He says the work outs this fall " will be non-competitive in
    nature, to work on fundamentals and to have fun."  Later on in the winter m
    eets will be scheduled to test the thinclads in competition. As far as
    cross-country is concerned, Gulden says that he will carry every one that
    com es out. The only harriers who will be cut are those who cut themselves
    by not coming to practice. In return, all men who stay on the team will
    compete in the five m eets this season. In the case of meets where the team
    size is lim ited a second team will be entered to give everyone a chance to
    run. The second new addition to the coaching staff is Richard Schu- A
    macher, who will handle the matmen this winter. Schumacher is a re cent
    graduate of East Stroudsburg State where he put together an im pressive
    collegiate heavyweight wrestling career. His overall record was 60-2-1. He
    won in the Pennsylvania conference three tim es, and this past season was
    the NCAA college division heavyweight champ. This type of perform ance
    earned him All-Am erican status in 1968 and 1970. Schumacher finished fifth
    in an effort to represent the US is the '68 Olympics. Coach Schumacher
    insists that wrestling was his least favorite sport when he entered college,
    but the opportunity to wrestle on one of the best teams in the country soon
    changed his mind. The new coach is convinced that he can build a successful
    wrestling team at BU. A proponent of conditioning he asserts " that half the
    m atches can be won by conditioning alone"  if the w restler is m ediocre
    with respect to his other skills Schumacher also believes that a variety of
    intricate m oves are unnecessary to make a successful wrestler. If a man
    knows three or four m oves w ell and can set them up effectively, he will
    win m ost of his matches. He says this was the philosophy that carried him
    to his showing in the Olympic trials. With his eyes on the future, Coach
    Schum acher has tabs on a number of high school grapplers who would be able
    to make a big contribution to BU wrestling. So, it looks as though the
    Bisons have managed to procure tiwo coaches who will greatly aid the
    Thundering Herd in the contests to come.

Heading: Ybu can start in the mailroom,
Content: 

Heading: or you can start on
Content: 

Heading: executive row.
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: SEPTEMBER 11, 1970 ydegu have to start at the bottom no mat- f ter how high you
    want to climb. Is that really so?

Heading: !at
Content: 

Heading: 5!eySttoma ^
Content: 

Heading: * *
Content: 

Heading: J'USt t0
Content: 

Heading: people t0 start
Content: The United States Air Force lets you start climbing as soon as you get out of
    Officer Training School. If you have a college degree you become highly
    responsible fast, as an Air Force pilot.

Heading: H
Content: Team" 3 space'age teader on Aerospace Lots of people start at the bottom.

Heading: We
Content: re asking you

Heading: to
Content: start on

Heading: executive
Content: row. UNITED STATES AIR FORCE Box A  Dept. SCP-79 Randolph Air Force Base. Texas
    78148 Please send me more information. Name _________ -Age- College_______ _
    Graduation Date. Address __ ______ C ity _ _______ __ .Phone. -S t a t e .
    -Z ip. I understand there Is no obligation.

Heading: UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Content: 

Heading: LUR Nominees
Content: The following list of people running for ABS Living Unit Representatives. New
    Dorm Don Thompson Bill McCarthy Robert Wendel Sue Bolstrum Mike Holoszyc
    Beth Wright Jenifer Hanlon John Lynch Lynda Roscoe Swartz Hall Dean Smith
    Bob Drake Neil Hendershot Gordon Fletcher John W olff Jim Freeswick Karl
    Fritz Len Clayton Dave Coulter z Dave Logan Tom Davidson Hunt Hall Laura
    Asherman Janet Russo Julie Colombo Jenny Chen Joyce McGuigan Patty Grier Sue
    Cleveland Sue Latimer M arji Janda Fraternities Jim Ludwig Ray Daly (on
    campus) Kirk Speicher Woody Mather Vince Shook (off the Hill) Women's Houses
    Mark Jam es (Huiley) Pete Stover

Heading: VOLUME LXXIIIr-NO. 2
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15. 1370
Content: 

Heading: Schmidt Takes Post
Content: 

Heading: As Associate Editor
Content: 

Heading: JCte
Content: 

Heading: JSuckncllian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: ------------------
Content: 

Heading: Focuses on 'Human Potential'
Content: 

Heading: Colloquy Plans Crystallize
Content: By ELAINE WALLOS In an attempt to inchease the scope and relevance of The Buck-
    nellian's editorial page, the edi torial board and its policy are now in
    process of being com pletely re- vampel Jack Schmidt, a junior who has been
    involved with the newspaper in various capacities in the past two years, has
    been named as sociate editor. He is assuming the position previously held by
    Heddy Matthias. The duties of associate editor in clude heading the
    editorial board, which determines the editorial policy of the paper. Another
    change which has been implemented this sem ester con cerns the requirements
    for mem bership on the editorial board. In the past, this m em bership was
    drawn from  The BuckneUian staff of editors. Membership is now open to any
    one who indicates his interest by attendance at three m eetings as a non-
    voting mem ber and by submis sion of one editorial. It is hoped that the
    open-editor ial-board policy and the greater number of people involved will
    re sult in a broader base for interest ing, relevant editorials. In an
    interview Schmidt com mented, " I think there has been a problem  of
    creditability on the edi torial board, and we will seek to increase the
    information bank from which we work"  Seventeen people showed interest by
    attending a pre lim inary editorial board meeting Sunday night) Schmidt
    considers m ore investi gative work an absolute necessity for the new board
    Editorials will be based on original research, rather than m erely reaction
    to news stories. Their scope will also be expanded to include national and
    world events as opposed to the ABS orientation of the past. All editorial
    board meetings will be held at 6:30 Friday evening in New Dorm Pit. Any m em
    ber of the university community is welcom e to attend and express his
    opinions. One additional change of policy this sem ester will result in the
    ex clusion of events listed on the uni versity campus calendar from "
    Happenings of Note." By JENNY CHEN " An experience in paarticipatory
    education,"  Resident Colloquy '70 will run from  September 24 to 27 with
    the theme " The Human Poten tial." The Colloquy Committee is now in the
    process of scheduling acti vities for the guests. In an attempt to avoid
    inhibitory form alities of panel discussions, the committee plans to
    initiate a series of rap sessions. These sessions will in volve student-
    guest dialogue with-

Heading: Professor C. Burgee Dead
Content: 

Heading: Emeritus Professor Dies at 76
Content: Clyde E. Burgee, 76, Charles P. Vaughan Professor of Econom ics em eritus at the
    University, died Saturday evening at the Evangeli cal Community Hospital
    where he had been a patient for five days. Death followed an extended
    illness. Professor Burgee retired from the faculty in 1964 following 34
    years service to the University. He had been chairman of the depart ment o f
    econom ics from  1951-58, had been named to the Charles P. Vaughan
    Professorship in 1952, and was presented a Lindback Award for distinguished
    teaching in 1964. While here he taught accounting courses in Sunbury and
    William sport for the American Institute of Banking, was at one tim e the of
    ficial auditor for the Borough of Lewisburg, and was the auditor for the
    Lewisburg School District. He received a bachelor of arts degree with the
    distinction of summa cuf laud from  Western Maryland College in 1914 and a
    master of arts degree from  Johns Hopkins University. He was a member of
    Omicron Delta Epsilon, honorary econom ics fraternity, Alpha Tau Omiga
    social fraternity, the Am erican Account ing Association, and Beaver Me
    morial Methodist Church of Lewis burg Professor Burgee is survived by his
    wife, the form er Lois E. Mont gomery two children, Mrs. James C Riley of
    Fort Dix, N J. and Michael B. of Arlington, Va., a student at George
    Washington Uni versity Law School; a brother, Amon II of Catonsville, M d.;
    a sis ter, Mrs. Percy Beavers of Fred erick, M d.; and one granddaugh ter.
    Mr. and M rs: Burgee had ob served their 40th wedding anniver sary two weeks
    ago. He was the son of the late Pro fessor and Mrs. Amon Burgee. A noted
    educator in the state of (Continued on Page 3) out assigned topics or
    moderators. The rap sessions will be offset by more structured activities,
    such as workshops. In som e cases, the workshops will involve physical,
    rather than purely intellectual participation. For example, Wil liam Tontsch
    (teacher of Hatha Yoga) has tentative plans for a workshop involving the
    practice of the basic Hatha Yoga principles.. Other guests who may stress
    physical involvement are the mem bers of the Riverside Community. Rick
    Beardsley, chairman of Col loquy, describes the community as '.a group of
    people interested in re a l human interaction through encounter; the
    Riverside learns to be, the touch, to truly communi cate with another
    person."  The Riverside Community m ay make use of activties similar to
    those of a m icro-lab. A feature group of the Colloquy Weekend will be "The
    Gleanings" (who performed here last year). " The Gleanings"  will give a Fri
    day midnight perform ance and a chapel presentation on Sunday morning. Sonja
    Zarek, the musician-com poser of the duo, will run a music while James
    Clouser, choreograph er, will schedule a workshop in dance. " The Gleanings
    will be on

Heading: Cap & Dagger Plans
Content: 

Heading: Four Major Dramas
Content: By EUE BOLSTRUM The university community can anticipate a busy season in drama
    this year. Beginning with The Alchemist by Ben Jonson Cap & Dagger will
    stage four m ajor productions, in cluding the Serpent by J. C. Van- Itallie,
    The Trojan Women by Euri pides, and The Glass Menagerie by Tennessee
    Williams. Besides its m ajor productions, the theatrical group will continue
    the Cocktail Theatre series and will perform  two Children's plays. Although
    the m ajor plays are selected by faculty and Theta

Heading: Fifth Trax Vacated
Content: 

Heading: Smolen Announces Housing Crisis End
Content: By NICKI DREW The housing crisis which forced ,,thirty-two students to spend
    their first two weeks in open rooms on Trax's fifth floor is now over, ac
    cording to Leonard Smolen, Assis tant D irector of University Resi dence
    Halls. As of yesterday, room s have been made available to all undergraduate
    students. This announcement follows sev eral months of work by the resi
    dence hall staff to find adequate housing facilities for an excep tionally
    large freshman class. After reactivating previously unused room s, such as
    lounges, and trans form ing singles into doubles, the staff still found
    itself with thirty- two sophom ores without rooms. During the summer, these
    stu dents received a letter informing them  that they would be living in tem
    porary quarters for the first two weeks of the sem ester. Upon arrival, they
    were placed in fifth Trax until room s could be found for them in areas
    vacated by other students, fraternity houses, and off- campus rooms and
    apartments. Thirteen sophomores w ere housed on the second floor of Judd
    House, a sm all house on University Avenue across from  the University
    Cafeteria. The remaining six are living in enclosed rooms mi fifth Trax and
    w ill be m oved as soon as better facilities becom e avail able.

Heading: Panhell Annonnces
Content: 

Heading: New Rash Schedule
Content: Panhellenic Council President Peggy Roser announced this week that four m ore
    dates have been added to the sorority rush sche dule. The four new dates,
    will be sche duled during the end of October and the beginning of November,
    and will be designated inform al open houses. Panhell Rush Chair man Carol
    Garbarino has placed no restrictions on what the indivi- (Continued m i Page
    3) Referring to the interview with the residence of fifth Trax publish ed in
    the September 11th issue of The BuckneUian, Smolen noted that the article
    semed to stress a lack of interest by the housing staff. He attributed this
    to the unfortunate timing of the inter view, which took place over Labor Day
    weekend. The staff, he ex plained, was unable to do anything until those
    students who registered late returned to their rooms. During the past week,
    Smolen met with these students daily and housed several of them each day. In
    the meantime, they were made as com fortable as possible under difficult
    circumstances. But the two week commitment was m et. " If people would stop
    and look at other campuses' housing prob lem s,"  claim s Mr. Smolen, " they
    would see htat Bucknell is not alone in its housing crisis."  Lafay ette,
    for exam ple, was forced to place students in rented trailers, which was
    considered here, but re- (Continued on Page 3) Alpha Phi (the National
    Honorary for the Dramatic Arts), the stage is open to anyone wishing to pro
    duce a one-act play in Cocktail Theatre. Mr. Harvey Powers, di rector of the
    University Theatre, is willing to assist anyone in terested The first
    Children's Play, sched uled for sometime in November, w ill give Lewisburg
    children a taste of theatrics. The Lewisburg PTA will cover all publicity
    and costs of production. One possibil ity for this play is The Wizard of Oz,
    in children's musical form. Both Cocktail Theatre and the Children's Plays
    provide oppor tunities for the experienced or in experienced to try their
    hand at acting or directing. Dr. Powers is conducting a three- hour-per-week
    workshop in the atrical perform ance every Monday and Wednesday from 4 - 5 :
    3 0  p.m. in Coleman Hall Theatre. This " Way-Out Workshop"  has two
    purposes: to involve actors (Continued on Page 3) campus for the full
    weekend. This year the Colloquy Commit tee wishes to stress the individual
    talents of each guest. For example, artist James Lee Byars is making plans
    for an art experience involv ing both the Bucknell and Lewis burg
    communities. Barbara Glad- dong, another m em ber of the Col loquy
    Committee, has commented that " Mr. Byars' project reflects his own
    uninhibited imagination." The Colloquy Committee has chosen the " Human
    Potential" theme in an attempt to explore certain of man's alternatives for
    positive action. The com m ittee members decided among themselves that it
    was time to " go beyond the doomsday pro phecies that seem to dominate our
    age."

Heading: Committee Presents
Content: 

Heading: Homecoming Plans
Content: By BARBARA FETHEROLF

Heading: A
Content: student-faculty, and alumni committee m et Thursday to begin preparations for
    the annual Home coming celebration, scheduled for the weekend of October 3.
    Highlighting all the traditional events will be the varsity football
    Saturday afternoon, game with Gettysburg at 1:30 p.m . The first event
    scheduled for the weekend is a freshman football game against Lafayette on
    Friday at 3 p.m. The following morning at 10:30 am. the traditional Home
    coming Parade will begin down town and complete its route at Davis Gym. At
    11 a.m. Saturday the varsity soccer team will m eet Rutgers in the West
    Field Scheduled at noon is a Home coming Luncheon, prim arily for re turning
    alumni, in Davis Gym. Im mediately afterwards, the Class of 1942 will
    present a gift, a large statue of a bison, to the University. Following the
    Bison-Bullet foot ball gam e, fraternities will hold their traditional
    cocktail parties and dinners. A Homecoming dance is scheduled for 9 p.m. in
    Davis Gym. The theme of the parade has not yet been chosen by the Interfra
    ternity Council and the Panhellenic Association. There has been a sug
    gestion by the ABS that the theme be " The 125th Anniversary of Buck nell."
    Nominations for the queen should take place sometime this week. The final
    elections are tentatively planned to coincide with the ABS elections on
    Monday, September 28. /q t 's A Beautiful Day"  will be one of the
    highlights of Colloquy '70 when they appear in concert Saturday, September
    26, at 8:30 p.m. For m ore details on the concert see page 3. >
    *MEMMnMVIlaNMWMtliManHBaaMnMMMMMMBMHM #####SffWMMMI # hpbmmmibehmhwhhhm

Heading: : GUEST COLUMN1
Content: 

Heading: Nest Fouling
Content: -By RICK VANCE-

Heading: From the Editor's Desk
Content: With the possible exception of a few Tibetan ascetics aU men, by now, have
    viewed the m ovie " Z."  The time has therefore ar rived to question the
    authenticity of the events depicted therein. And so a brief sketch is here
    given the historical events upon which the m ovie was based. In 1963
    Grigoros Lambrakis, a leftist deputy in Greece, was murdered as depicted by
    thugs hired by the police. The incident occurred in Salonica. Subsequently
    the m urderers received light sentences and the six policemen associated
    with the act were ac quitted. The incident, however, was not an immediate
    catalyst for the ascension of the junta led by George Papadopoulos, as the
    film suggests, but rather aided. George Papandreol in outstanding con
    servative administration of Karamanus. As for Christos Sartzitakis, the
    actual prosecuter, he received a judgeship for his com prehensive
    investigation. (But when the colonels finally did assume power, he was one
    of thirty judges to be dismissed. This occurred som e five years after the m
    urder). As a final note, the colonels later not only reinstated the six
    police officers earUer dismissed, but promoted them before retiring them
    with pension. Editor's note: This information was com piled from  TIME mag
    azine. 8-17-70.

Heading: mi?.
Content: 

Heading: t u k n e l l i a n
Content: 

Heading: Letters
Content: 

Heading: to the
Content: Ignoring the new concrete com plex of sm okestacked progress, he turned onto
    Meadowlark Road and drove rapidly toward the utopian m erging of waters.
    Eight years. The return. The Panglossian rebirth of a boyhood. His mind
    lingered on the m em ory o f m irrored water bursting with life, bubbling
    unerringly, endlessly into the welcoming ebb of its larger, swifter
    companion, Pine River. Summer. Rafting, Camping. The m ajestic mixing of
    gurgling water and little boys' half- hushed voices accompanied by a raw,
    frightening, forestal symphony. The sunny relief of morning with its arom a
    of fresh, fried trout swim ming in butter. Fresh. Freshness. What was it
    that Wordsworth had said? The freshness of a dream  . . . and something
    about the earth's seem ing apparelled in celestrial light . . . He reached
    the bridge, shut off the ignition, and stepped out of the the car. Noting
    the disappointing treelessness, he descended the sloping brown bank of
    decayed grass and began following the creek, expecting it to blossom
    suddenly, shockingly into the wreckless, raging challenge that had once
    stubbornly refused waded crossing to all. He recalled its rigid im
    partiality, how St had tripped his girfriend and how her fall had caused
    his. Then they laughed and held each other tightly, defying the water's cold
    by generating their own warmth. He was sixteen at the tim e. Ten years. A
    decade. One-seventh of his life. Could it have passed so quickly? . . . He
    continued walking, kicking aside strewn remnants of man's mas sive
    intrusion. Beer cans and paper. No-deposit and plastic made im m ortal by
    the genius of its inventor. W here was the dense, verdant foilage? And the
    fish, w ere they still there, hiding desparately some where beneath the
    crawling murkiness? He caught a  darting glimpse of the new wildlife: rats.
    W ildlife or civilized life? The unthinking, multiplying beneficiaries of
    man's nest fouling, destined to outlive their equally thoughtless providers.
    Stagnation. A  sign extending from  amidst a debried earth into the vastness
    of space. UNIVERSAL DUMP. Death. The extinction of extinctors. He quickened
    his pace, conscious of the roar of nearby generators and noted the ironic
    spectre of murderous, hand-saving detergent suds. Algae killers. Chain
    breakers. He envisioned an advertisement: Don't die with witch's hands. Buy
    Sexo Suds today . . . He was there, standing to the left of the once awesome
    jointure He glanced across the river and observed the new milennia of like
    houses then shifted his gaze to the black horror of belched carbon drift ing
    across the sky, awaiting an opportunity to vent its choking revenge. He
    hesitated then looked down at the line merging. Puke puking its puke into
    puke. A boyhood dissolved in the finale of his stomach-turning ordeal. He
    turned and ran, fleeing against time to the futureless fantasy of an
    apathetic now. He would get away. He would go to his cabin in the mountains
    only thirty minutes away from  his new home. That would always be there.
    Always.

Heading: Editor
Content: 

Heading: [#HE JAUNDICED EYE=
Content: 

Heading: Half of the Problem
Content: -By KENNETH DOWST-

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member of
    Associated CoUegiate Press. Annual subscription, $7.00, payable In ad vance.
    Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the poet office at
    Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: A Recommendation
Content: To the editor, I call to the attention of your readers the forthcom ing Campus
    Theatre showing of the m ovie " Patton."  At a time when the armed forces
    are increasingly the subject of passionate polem ic, this m ovie is a must;
    it depicts a way of life which has stood for many men as an ideal. The m
    ovie is, in m y estimation, objective; it can and does speak to people of
    all ideological persuasions. In addi tion, I find it to be a substantial
    artistic achievem ent. To quote Miss Judith Christ, I recommend " Patton"  "
    without reservation." Sincerely. W illiam J. Mates, '71

Heading: C A F
Content: The Congressional Action Fund is a non-partisan, non-profit organ ization which,
    as an affiliate of the National Coalition for a Respon sible Congress, has
    accepted re sponsibility for conducting a m ajor fund-raising effort on
    college cam puses across the country. CAF's national campus goal is to raise
    one m illion dollars for distribution to peace and new priorities candi
    dates for Congress. CAF's Board w ill soon be nomi nating for funding
    support approxi mately forty candidates who share the Fund's commitment to a
    sig nificant reordering of national pri orities. The CAF's goals include
    withdrawal of all com bat and com bat-support troops from  Southeast Asia by
    M arch 1971. a reduction in m ilitary expenditures by $20 billion in the
    next fiscal year, welfare re form , elimination of hunger, re duction of
    environmental pollution, elim ination of discrimination and Congressional
    reform . Although there are m ore than forty candidates who support its
    goals, CAF will be selecting those candidates involved in the close races,
    where their opponents differ significantly on the issues, and where
    contributions can change the outcome of the election. Funds raised through
    this nationwide ef fort are disbursed through CAF's two-step process: The
    Board nomi nates the candidates, and then the nominees are submitted to the
    con tributors who, by their votes, will choose the candidates to receive
    funding. At Bucknell, various fund-rais ing activities will take place dur
    ing the next three weeks. All con tributions w ill go to the candidates, as
    no percentage is taken out for

Heading: CAF
Content: expenses. For information contact Marian Payack, B759, or call 524-0312. Marian
    Payack

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: R E P R E S E N T E D  F O R  N A T IO N A L . A D V E R T IS IN G
Content: 

Heading: National Educational Advertising
Content: 

Heading: A  D IV IS IO N  O F
Content: READER'S DIGEST SALES ft SERVICES, 3 8 0  L ex in g to n  A ve., New  Y ork

Heading: DV ERTI S IN G  B V
Content: i k

Heading: ising Services jBD
Content: <<VICKS. INC. 44 t.N .Y . 1 0 0 1 7 II O ffice: F och i P rin tin g C o.. 229 M
    arket Street. 823-4221 C onsultant: B rad T o lls. 824-1221

Heading: Happenings...
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any Issue and take a stand we deem In the best Interest at the
    University, to treat every Issue with the responsibility that Is accorded us
    In a tree society to be constructively critical when necessary as w dl as
    laudatory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and In
    tegrity. Editorials appearing on thin page reflect the majority opinion of
    the editorial board and that of the editors. Signed columns present the
    views only of the authors. AU letters should be addressed to the Editor, and
    must be received no later than Saturday noon for publication In the Tuesday
    edition and Wednes day noon for publication In the Friday edition. AU
    letters must be signed and typed double-spaced; however, names may be
    withheld upon request. The Editor reserves the right to choose aU letters
    for publication, and to edit any letter chosen for reasons of space
    restrictions, grammatical change and offensive language.

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: SEPTEMBER 15, 1970

Heading: Editorial Board
Content: 

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN
Content: editorial board will m eet Friday at 6:30 p.m . in the pit of new dorm.

Heading: Drug Programs
Content: The second in a series of drug program s is being presented tomor row at 8:30
    p.m . in Vaughn Lit. Auditorium.. The program , will focus on stimulants and
    sedatives. It will include som e prepared aud io-visual m aterials mid
    discussion will be led by students. The pro gram is open to anyone in the
    Uni versity community.

Heading: W ork Weekends
Content: Interested in working with Phia- Idelphia fam ilies in a weekpnd work cam p? A
    program  will start Oct. 2 but need m ore people, to work weekends during
    the rest of the year. For information call Car ol Keller B-287, or call
    3020.

Heading: International
Content: There w ill be a joint meeting of A.F.S. and the International Af fairs Club on
    Wednesday evening at 7:00 p.m . in Carey (Internation al) House All students
    interested in planning and taking an active part in the program s of either
    or both of these organizations are in vited to attend. Geoff Blood,
    cigarette in hand, surveyed the assembled multitude, and sadly noted its two
    most salient characteristics: (1) It was rather a sm all multitude, even by
    Union County standards (perhaps 35 souls); (2) It was a slightly freaky
    multitude. Jack Blyskal, small and slightly freaky himself, looked
    disappointed, too. That which the " Campus Calen dar"  had listed simply as
    " Drug Program "  was attended by too few people; and even fewer " straight"
    people. Inadequate publicity had again taken its toll. There exist today in
    God's green Commonwealth two drug prob lem s; and the aformentioned sad-
    looking persons, some other persons, and your friendly neighborhood
    university have been working on the elimination of one. One Problem This
    group wants to help (not lecture to, rat on, or convert) those students who
    are having difficulties of various sorts with nonprescribed drugs:
    psychological or physical dependence, a bad trip, m ild paranoia, neglect of
    other aspects of life, whatever. They want also to dissem i nate som e
    relevant information. Tuesday's " Drug Program "  dissemi nated som e
    information through the vehicles of a rather excellent film strip on
    marijuana and a discussion. Additional program s are planned, dealing with
    other classes of drugs and other aspects of drug use. Working with drug
    users and potential drug users in this manner ought certainly to cause a
    decline in bad drug-related experiences, and, ought to assuage the
    intellectual-medical- psychological drug problem . The other drug problem
    in these United States is considerably m ore dangerous, in terms of its
    effects on users' lives. Naturally enough, no one is doing m uch about it.
    The Yahoos While doctors, psychologists, liberal students, and four or five
    clergy men tend to concern themselves with the m edical-psychological aspect
    of drug uses, that creature which the great taxonomist H.L. Mencken
    classified as Boobus americanus creates (in his own im age) yet another
    problem  for the drug user: crim inality, apostasy, " im m orality,"  and
    frequently incarceration. This problem  is m ore difficult to treat, because
    the remedy must be applied not to drug users, but to 175 m illion law-
    abiding, right-thinking, conservatively-dressing, patriotic, conform ist, in
    tolerant Yahoos; to whom the Founding Fathers, apparently in a moment of
    drunken stupor, granted the rights to bear arms, reproduce, and, worst of
    all, write laws. The Yahoos have established laws to suppress things and
    actions they find offensive: pornography, drunkenness, homosexual relations,
    in tegration, nudity, misceignation, certain drugs, and other earthly de
    lights; but the laws against all but two of these items, if not exactly
    humane, fall short of total ruthlessness. For exam ple, though they prose
    cute those who write, publish, distribute, or sell pornography, the Y a hoos
    m ore often than not observe the Supreme Court's ruling that m ere
    possession ds not grounds for arrest. They usually allow profane words to be
    printed, provided that the words have no sexual connection. Drunkenness is
    tolerated at New Year's Eve celebrations, Irish wedd ings, and everywhere in
    private. Only with regard to hom osexuality and the use of certain drugs do
    Am erica's burghers come across worse than Ivan the Terrible. Take marijuana
    (figuratively speaking), for 'instance: The Fraternal Order of Police, Odd
    Fellows, W esley Fellowship, Benevolent and Pro tective Order of Elks, PTA,
    and Jaycees have seen to it that one is a crim inal if one sells it , buys
    it, possesses it, transports it, grows it, is in the company of anyone who
    possesses it, or fails properly to weed his garden. Like, wow. If a seed,
    blown by the wind, lands in your back yard and takes root, blaming God will
    not even reduce your sentence (and you might get busted for blasphem y). Not
    all drugs on the Yahoo taboo list are dangerous, and not all dangerous drugs
    are on the list. One is seldom busted for possession of m ost amphetamines
    and barbituates, because they are widely used by such Great Silent M ajority
    heroes as truck drivers, nurses, and prosti tutes. Alcohol is even m ore
    widely used; and caffein and tobacco, even m ore so. Marijuana, m escaline,
    LSD, and STP (to name a few) are forbidden, though some of these have
    slighter m edical and psychological effects than legal drugs. What criteria,
    then, determine whether the user of a certain drug will be em braced by the
    Yahoos, or jailed by them? Secular vs. Religious One hypothesis is that it
    depends on whether or not the drug expands the mind. Alcohol and barbituates
    dull the senses; caffein and ampheta mines stimulate the senses; nicotine is
    m erely carcinogenic. None are hallucinogens or psychedelics. They may speed
    up or slow  down (or kill) one's mind and bod, but they do not create
    another dimension. When Yahoos want an estatic experience, they find it (if
    at all) in som e of their religions. A secular estatic experience must be
    suppressed, lest it interfere with the religious. A m ore likely distinction
    is as follows: Lawful drugs are those which most of the Yahoos like, and
    unlawful drugs are those which most Yahoos haven't tried yet. " . . . it is
    the distinguishing mark oi dem ocratic so cieties,"  writes Mencken, "that
    they exalt the powers of the m ajority infinitely, and tend to deny the
    minority any rights whatever." A user of drugs, whether alcohol, grass, or
    acid, m ay or m ay not have m edical or psychological problem s; if so. a
    doctor counsellor should be available. His problem s can be made only worse
    by constant guilt, fear of arrest, arrest, and Yahoo hypocrisy (viz.:
    feigning concern for his health because " we don't know what the long-term
    affects are,"  while allowing others to drink, smoke, and pollute themselves
    to death). Any serious efforts to eliminate " the drug problem "  must treat
    both the drug user and all those who irrationally despise him. Meanwhile,
    Blood, Blyskal, et. al. are tackling one half of the prob lem ; which is a
    helluva lot better than doing nothing at all.

Heading: ABS Notes
Content: 

Heading: ABS Committee
Content: Any student desiring to be ap pointed to the Board of Review of Academ ic
    Responsibility must pick up an interest sheet at the Dean of Student Affairs
    Office. It must be returned by Wednesday, Sep tember 1. at 4:30 p.m . Any
    ques tions about the duties of this office, call Sue Preston, 3270.

Heading: ABS Meeting
Content: There will be an ABS meeting Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. in room 101A Coleman Hall.
    AU interested students are invited to attend. Interest sheets are now
    available to anyone interested in the position of ABS recording secretary.
    They may be obtained at the Dean of Student Affairs Office and must be
    returned by Sept. 23 at noon. Any questions call Sue Preston, 3270.

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Laurelton Volunteers
Content: There wiU be an organizational meeting for all students interested in Laurelton
    on Thursday art 8:30 p.m . in the New Dorm Pit. Teach ers and psychologists
    at Laurelton wiU be present to describe the vol unteer program s for this
    year.

Heading: Academic Innovation
Content: There are three openings on the ABS Academ ic Innovations Com mittee for any
    freshman. Contact Bob Trabin at B-692.

Heading: Concert Tickets
Content: Season tickets for the Concert series will be sold at the bookstore until Sept.
    26. Individual tickets for the M iles Davis Concert are al so on sale.

Heading: Tristram
Content: Tristram , the university's liter ary magazine will hold a general meeting
    tomorrow art 7 p.m. in Vaughan Lit. Library.

Heading: Quaker Service
Content: An informal mid-week Chapel service will b e held at 9:00 p.m. on Thursday in
    the Meditation Room . Dr. W illiam Cooper of the econom ics department will
    intro duce Quaker worship.

Heading: Women's Lib
Content: Any woman, student or not, in terested in preparing a two-page insert for the
    BUCKNELLIAN on the topic of Women's Liberation, please contact Chris
    Schroeder at 1715, or Box W465.

Heading: Postal Request
Content: The University postal depart ments ask that students make sure that ail mail is
    properly addressed. AU box numbers that are in Rob erts Hall should be
    preceeded by the letter 'B' and aU boxes in Har ris Hall should be preceeded
    be the letter 'W'. This is necessary to avoid unnecessary confusion.

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Wednesday, September 16 4:00 p.m . American Society of M echanical Engineers
    Dana Engineering 228 8:30 p.m . Drug Program Vaughan Lit. Aud. Thursday,
    September 17 4:45 p.m . Catholic Mass 8:00 p.m . Class of 1972 Film : 8:30
    p.m . Rooke Chapel T o Sir With Love" Vaughan Lit. Aud. Laurelton
    Organizational Meeting New Dorm Lounge Friday, September 18 6:30 p.m .
    Jewish Services 8:00 p.m . Hilltop: " The Burmese Harp" Meditation Chapel
    Vaughan Lit. And.

Heading: Davis Headlines Colloquy Concert
Content: 

Heading: Frosh Cheering
Content: 

Heading: Beethoven's Fourth
Content: AU freshman girls are invited to try for the freshman cheering squad. Practices
    wiU be held on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thurs day at 4:30 behind Harris HaU.
    Tryouts will be announced at a later date. Also, any men interested in che
    ering along with the girls, please contact Sue Unger, New Dorm.

Heading: 'Drummers1
Content: >>

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: DIFFERENT DRUMMER
Content: wiU hold an organizational meeting Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in Vaughan Laterature
    building room  241. Any one interested in joining the staff or writing
    freelance articles is in vited to attend.

Heading: Homecoming Queen
Content: Anyone interested in submitting a girls name in nomination for homecoming queen
    simply write her name on a slip of paper and to Craig Eby, Box B-17, by
    Thurs day noon The names of the 10 girls that are submitted the m ost will
    be on the final slate. The slate wiU not be affected by the class the nom
    inees are in.

Heading: Historic Tour
Content: . A bus trip to the historic homes of Chester county, will be part of Chester
    county day Sat Oct 3. If you're interested in going on the day long tour,
    contact Mrs. WilUam Lasansky about reservations and cost, by Friday.

Heading: Doctors & Dentists
Content: There will be a Prem edical- Pre- dental meeting on Wednesday, Sep tem ber 16,
    at 7:00 p.m . in the Olin Science Auditorium.

Heading: AU
Content: persons interested in the m edical or dental profession are urged to attend. As
    part of the University music department's participation in the international
    observance of the 200th anniversary of Beethoven's birth, Professor W illiam
    D. M cRae will present a lecture-recital in Vaughan Literature auditorium at
    8:10 p.m ., Tuesday.

Heading: Flu Program
Content: The University is once again, providing " flu"  shots for aU in terested
    students, faculty, admin istration, and em ployees. The M edical Service
    urges all to take advantage o f this service. The com plete program  wiU
    involve two injections given at two to three weeks intervals. The program
    will begin Sept ember 15th at the Ziegler Dispen sary from 9-11 a.m. and 1-4
    p.m ., Tuesday through Friday. Kindly adhere to the hours listed. . Persons
    allergic to eggs are not advised to take the injections.

Heading: Directory Aid
Content: The Annual University directory is being prepared by the registrar's office but
    many students have not supplied that office w ith aU the necessary inform
    ation. If you're not sure that the registrar has all your vital statistics
    call 1244 or stop by window 5 in Marts HaU.

Heading: L'Agenda
Content: There will be a meeting erf aU those interested in working on L'Agenda Tuesday
    at 7:30 p.m . in the New Dorm Pit.

Heading: Ideas Wanted
Content: If you have any ideas about set ting up new com m ittees or are in terested in
    working on one, send your name to Box B476 or call the ABS office, 3150. By
    LINDA DIETRICK " Miles changed the world. More than once . . . W hoever com
    es after him. whenever, wherever, they have to take him into con sideration.
    They have to pass him to get in front. " This music is. This m usic is new .
    . . and it hits me like an electronic shock . . .  In contem por ary music M
    iles defines the terms. That's all. It's his turf." That is how jazz
    authority Ralph J. Gleason puts it, writing about Mile's Davis' new album, "
    Bitches Brew." The album, which marks M ile's recent shift toward rock, sold
    200.- 000 copies in its first four weeks. With that bind of record, it is
    perhaps appropriate that Davis and his quintet should headline the con cert
    for a weekend with the theme " Human Potential." Also appearing the Saturday
    (Sept. 26) of Colloquy will be It's a Beautiful. Day. Blending everything
    from  clas sical and jazz to folk and blues

Heading: Panhell
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) dual sorority m ay offer during these functions. The m
    ove is intended to give upperclasswomen a chance to meet freshman women on
    an informal basis. Miss Garbarino commented. " Panhell felt that freshman wo
    men weren't given enough chances to meet the upperclass sorority women on a
    m ore leisurly basis . . . Sororities won't be required to do anything
    special for the open houses and will have tim e for re laxed conversations."
    Two traditional alphabetical teas will be held in addition to the in form al
    open houses. M iss Rosier stated " the alphabetical teas will be held at the
    beginning of October to give the freshman women an op portunity to com e in
    contact with sororities in general." Form al sorority rush will take place
    in early Februrary. with rock, their sound has been called " pure, without
    perfection, but all the better because the group avoids the pitfalls of
    being over polished, over-arranged and sac charine." IABD's inventive style
    results partly from  the varied background of its m em bers. Leader, founder
    David LaFlam me, 27, is classically trained with same jazz experience. He
    has played with the Santa Barbara Symphony and Julliard as w ell as with the
    John Handy Con cert Ensemble. In addition to singing and writ ing for the
    group, LaFlamme adds to its unique sound via a custom- built electronic
    violin. Consisting of a solid body and five strings it com bines the ranges
    of both violin and a viola. Hall Wagonett. guitarist, and M ike Holman,
    bassist, are both products of the San Francisco pro gressive rock scene.
    Fred Webb, organist, brings a strong jazz influence to the band. An
    experienced pianist, he re placed David's first w ife Linda La Flamme at the
    keyboard in 1969. Drummer Val Fuentes, trained

Heading: 24 HOUR WRECKER
Content: 

Heading: S-E-R-V-I-C-E
Content: 

Heading: BAKER'S
Content: 

Heading: BODY SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 1722 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg<< Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-9342
Content: 

Heading: Burgee
Content: 

Heading: Please!
Content: The Archives Department of the Library, requests that a copy of all student
    publications be given to them during the school year.

Heading: Housing
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) jected because of the numerous problem s involved with
    it. Smolen stressed the fact that the students living in temporary
    conditions cooperated with each other and with the housing staff. " I really
    appreciate the coopera tion and understanding these stu dents have given us.
    They're worthy o f public thanks in helping us in this situation."
    (Continued from  Page 1) Maryland, his father was superin tendent of schools
    in Frederick. A m em orial service will be held Monday at 7(30 p.m : at the
    Dale Ranck Funeral Home in Milton. Speakers w ill be Dr Gustav W. W eber,
    president of Susquehanna University, and Dean Leon Pacala, dean of the
    College of Arts and Sciences The funeral services w ill be held at the
    Etchison Funeral Home in Frederick, Md. at 2 pm. Tuesday:

Heading: T R A I L  R I D E S
Content: 

Heading: Horses leave every
Content: 

Heading: evening 6:30. M onday
Content: 

Heading: through Thursday
Content: 

Heading: C all 523-0413
Content: 

Heading: LIGGETT'S
Content: 

Heading: RIDING STABLE
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL SOCCERMEN
Content: 

Heading: DON'T BE JUST GOOD
Content: 

Heading: G R E A T
Content: 

Heading: ? ? ?
Content: 

Heading: In A Pair of Adidas Soccer Shoes
Content: 

Heading: W . L. Donehower's
Content: 

Heading: 424 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg
Content: with Chicago dance bands, joined IABD two years ago. Strong vocals as well as
    decara- tion are added by Patty Santos, 19, who has been singing with the
    group since its start Bringing m ore jazz than rock background to IABD, she
    often complements La- Flamme's voice and violin.

Heading: Cap & Dagger
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) physically, vocally, and psycho logically in acting,
    and to investi gate the " ritual of theatre."  No prerequisites or rules of
    attendanve lim it participation. Those interested in studying Theatre and
    Drama in England with Dr. Powers for Jan Plan will m eet in Coleman 102A
    tomorrow at 8 p.m. Although Cap & Dagger in the past received no financial
    backing from  the university, depending en tirely cm box office returns to
    cover costs, this year it will receive $950 in subsidiaries from  ABS. This
    aid is pending a large box-office turn out, since the money will subsidize
    lower student rates.

Heading: Open 8
Content: 

Heading: am.-5:30
Content: 

Heading: pm.
Content: 

Heading: Wed. 8
Content: 

Heading: a.m.-12
Content: 

Heading: noon
Content: 

Heading: Phone
Content: 

Heading: 524-9029
Content: 

Heading: INTERESTED IN SEEING
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell from the Air
Content: I will be glad to fly anyone to any destination or just sight-seeing for the
    basic airplane rental charge. THE RATE IS 25c/MIN. ($15.00 hr.) for groups
    of 1 to 3 persons.

Heading: Contact Keith 1624
Content: 

Heading: W V B U - F M
Content: 

Heading: 90.5
Content: 

Heading: CONTEMPORARY MUSIC
Content: 

Heading: MON. -- FRI.
Content: 

Heading: 6 P.M.--2 A. M.
Content: 

Heading: "The Intelligent Alternative"
Content: 

Heading: SAVE
Content: 

Heading: SAVE
Content: 

Heading: LP's - - - RECORDS
Content: 

Heading: 8 TRACK TAPES - - - CASSETTES
Content: 

Heading: ALL LABELS
Content: 

Heading: ALL ARTISTS
Content: 

Heading: FROM ACID ROCK TO LONG HAIR
Content: 

Heading: BUY
Content: 

Heading: DIRECT FROM ONE OF NEW YORK'S LARGEST
Content: 

Heading: WHOLESALE DISTRIBUTORS
Content: 

Heading: Com pare Our Prices:
Content: 

Heading: LP's
Content: 

Heading: 4.98 list--your cost 3.19
Content: 

Heading: 5.98 list--your cost 4.00
Content: 

Heading: 6.98 list--your cost 4.60
Content: 

Heading: Tapes
Content: 

Heading: 6.98 list--your cost 4.40
Content: 

Heading: 7.98 list--your cost 5.00
Content: 

Heading: Add 50c for the first record or tape for mailing and hand
Content: 

Heading: ling-- 25c for each additional record or tape.
Content: 

Heading: STRATFORD DISTRIBUTORS, INC.
Content: 

Heading: 184-23 Jamaica Avenue
Content: 

Heading: Hollis, N. Y. 11423
Content: 

Heading: 212-454-8800
Content: SEPTEMBER 15, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: i iin'iyaaftiAiTTnii.r rrfT1--11

Heading: <<
Content: i

Heading: U U
Content: 1 1 .- By BOB WENDEL Another soccer season is at hand, and Craig Reynolds will
    be making an effort to duplicate his 1969 sea son, by winning his second
    straight MAC championship. For those of you who saw last years team in
    action, it can only be said that coach Reynolds has his work cut out for
    him. Last years team was composed of nine

Heading: Booters
Content: 

Heading: ^CfsitactmtUian
Content: 

Heading: i MAC Title
Content: good chance of som eday playing

Heading: W O R T S
Content: Soccer Coach Craig Reynolds is putting together a team to defend last year's
    championship. seniors, one junior, and one sopho more. Thus, to say that
    this is a 'building year is an understatement. However, Coach Reynolds has
    considerable talent to work with. This year, the NCAA ruled that freshmen
    may play varsity ball and this has provided Reynolds with m ore quality ball
    players to choose from . " In the past, in order to have enough players to
    have interspuad scrim m ages, it was necessary to retain som e ball players
    who would just never get to play an appreci able amount of soccer. " TWs
    year, however, with the aquisition of freshman eligibility, it becam e
    possible to cut the squad down to players, who I think, have varsity ball."
    What will the consequences be of freshman eligibility be? Reynolds feels
    that it w ill strengthen his team considerably. " For one thing, there is
    only one practice. In the past, the freshmen have been sep arated from  the
    varsity, but this is no longer true. I expect this to make the squad m ore
    cohesive, as well as making the transition from freshman to varsity sm
    oother." Although the soccer mentor doesn't foresee many freshmen ac tually
    playing for the varsity, many will be playing on the 'B' team. This is a
    newly instituted 'jv ' team, which will be playing its own schedule.
    Reynolds is very gung-ho about the existence of the B team , since it will
    give those varsity players who would have been sitting on the bench last
    year, a chance to gain valuable gam e experience. The fact that this years
    squad is young and inexperienced, has caused some considerable prob lem s.
    The m ajor one being which formation to use. Last years championship team
    played using a 4-3-3. However, Reynolds doesn't feel that this allignment
    would uti lize his best 11 men. " I'm experimenting with, an en tirely new
    5-1-2-2 formation. I real ly want to make use of a five man line, but the
    team is inexperienced defensively. Except for Greenwood, who is a doubtful
    starter due to a back injury, all o f my potential starters have had little
    varsity background,"  explained Reynolds. Concerning the teams record,
    Reynolds is optimistic. Although the teams in the MAC are all older and m
    ore experienced, the Bison hooters start off the year with four non-
    conference contests, and " al though it would be nice to win at least two of
    them, the gam es should give us the opportunity to 'gel' as a team, and I
    feel that we have the personnel to win another MAC championship."

Heading: Doviak to Pilot Bisons
Content: 

Heading: Through Tough Season
Content: 

Heading: ml
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: mm

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: << P S

Heading: Pangburn Presents
Content: 

Heading: Intramural Competition
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE Coach Richard Shumacher has m apped out an extensive campaign
    for the active sports buffs on campus. The new coach has studied the old
    intramural system very carefully and has introduced sev eral significant
    modifications. The first change has been the creation of a four league
    system. Frosh team s will again make up one of the four leagues but the
    other three divisions will be made up from  thirteen fraternities and two
    independent men's groups. Coach Shumacher feels that, " The new setup will
    spark interest and rivalry as each team will get to play one more game than
    last year. Also, each team  will be able to play each opponent twice rather
    than just once as it had been set up." Along with this change, Coach
    Schumacher has form ed different leagues for each sport. He feels that the
    shifting of teams will pre vent one team from  being consis tently
    overshadowed by another throughout the year. Intramurals will open its
    season on Sept. 21, in soccer and hand ball. Also, the first round of tennis
    should be played by September 24. With the m ajor realignments Buck- nell
    should enjoy a banner year with its intramural program. If Doviak throws . .
    . .

Heading: Fall Scheduling
Content: 

Heading: Announced
Content: Water Polo Club Oct. 3 RPI-home 10:30 Oct. 10 Cornell-away 2:00 Oct. 17 Army-
    away 2:00 Oct. 24 Yale-away 2:00 Oct. 31 BU Invitational N ov. 6-7 Easterns
    Cross Country Oct. 14 Juniata-F&M away 3:00 Oct. 14 Juniata-F&M away 3:00
    Oct. 17 Gettysburg - away 2:00 Oct. 21 Susquehanna - Dicken son - away 4:00
    Oct. 31 Scranton - away 1:00 Nov. 11 East Stroudesburg away 4:00 Nov. 20 MAC
    Field Hockey Oct. 3 Susquehanna - home Oct. 7 Lockhaven - home 4:00 Oct. 13
    Penn State - away 4:00 Oct. 21 Bloomsburg Oct. 228 Messiah - away Nov. 7-8
    Regionals at Gettys burg. Nov. 14-15 M id-East Tourna ment at Rochester

Heading: CLASSICAL LIBRARY
Content: 

Heading: w/John Luttenberger
Content: 

Heading: --SUNDAYS--
Content: 

Heading: Noon -- 4 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: __
Content: 

Heading: WVBU -- FM
Content: 

Heading: 90.5
Content: 

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    Area Code 717 A sm all fee is charged

Heading: COLLEGEMASTER
Content: 

Heading: The College Plan for the College Man
Content: 

Heading: GOOD LUCK
Content: 

Heading: C o M ^ aS^
Content: 

Heading: BISONS!
Content: 

Heading: Fidelity Union Life Insurance Co.
Content: FOR SALE--1951 Chevy, 2-dr. se dan, excel, cond., call 524-0616 after 6 p.m . or
    weekends.

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: SEPT. 15, 1970

Heading: EARN MONEY SELLING
Content: 

Heading: LP's -- 8 Trade Tapes -  Cassettes
Content: 

Heading: Be a direct representative
Content: 

Heading: of
Content: 

Heading: a major New York
Content: 

Heading: Distributor:
Content: 

Heading: (onlad STRATFORD DISTRIBUTORS
Content: 

Heading: 184-23 Jamaica Aven ue
Content: 

Heading: Hollis, N. Y. 11423
Content: 

Heading: 212-454-8800
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL With high hopes for a successful year, Senior quarterback Greg
    Do viak is returning for his second season as the starting varsity sig nal-
    caller. Greg started as a quarterback at pVIount Carm el High School in
    Mount Carmel, Pennsylvania, in his sophomore year. He was switched to
    flanker his junior year, but returrifed to signal- caller his senior year. "
    Making the adjustment to Col lege football wasn't too difficult for m e
    because we used a similar offense in high school."  he said. Doviak's
    freshman team finished with only a 1-4 record, but showed much talent, as 11
    players won starting positions on the varsity as sophomores. G reg was
    shifted to defensive halfback his sophomore year as well as backing up Ace
    passer Sam Havrilak. " I was put in at quarterback in one gam e when Sam got
    hurt and I didn't even know the plays. The Coach had to keep yelling them to
    m e from  the sidelines." As a junior, Doviak started the first three gam
    es, but was injured in the Lafayette gam e with the Thundering Herd trailing
    20-0. Backup passer Don G iaconjelli cam e in and led the Bisons to a come-
    from -behind 21-20 victory. Greg and Don terbacking duties year. Doviak's
    junior statistics includ ed a 50 percent completion per centage on 191
    tosses for 803 yards. This year he beat out Co-Captain Don Giacom elli and
    Howard Burke, a transfer from  Holy Cross, to re gain his starting position.
    'T he competition with Don and Howie definitely made me play better,"  Greg
    said. According to Doviak, the fact that the Bisons are playing inde
    pendents instead of in a confer ence, should pose no problems to the team 's
    desire. " Previously, we've gotten up for non-conference games as well as
    conference gam es and so we shouldn't have any troubles this year." Greg
    called his 5 foot 11 inch 180 pound fram e a sm all disadvantage, especially
    troublesome against big- $ ger teams. He noted, however, that the offensice
    line has been do ing very well at opening up path ways o f vision. " We'll
    do m ore passing this year."  Greg predicted. " Last year our passing was
    very ineffective and most of my com pletions were only for short yardage."
    Doviak, who considers him self a better passer than runner, expres sed
    confidence in his receivers. " Jim Cassidy, Paul Gilewicz, and Jay Griffin
    are all fine pass cat chers. With the running backs com ing out of the
    backfield,

Heading: I
Content: should have 4 or 5 fine receivers on each pass play." " We have an extrem ely
    tough schedule with Baldwin-Wallace, Rutgers, The Citadel, and David son,
    but their leagues are only a little stronger than the teams in our
    conference last year." * Greg called the team  vastly im proved over last
    season. He thinks that the offensive line " is 100 per cent better." All in
    all, Doviak expects " a very fine season." alternated quar- the rest of the
    and Gilewicz vatches, the fortunes of the Bisons will get a big boost.

Heading: BLUES BLUES BLUES
Content: 

Heading: w/BOB WALKER
Content: 

Heading: S U N D A Y S
Content: 

Heading: --  4 P.M. -- 6:30 P. M.--
Content: 

Heading: WVBU --  FM
Content: 

Heading: 90.5
Content: ------

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: ___

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: Wednesday
Content: 

Heading: thru
Content: 

Heading: Tuesday
Content: 

Heading: Starting Wed., Sept. 23
Content: 

Heading: "W OODSTOCK"
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 3
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1970
Content: 

Heading: 'Che BuckneIlian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: LUR Nominees
Content: The following list of people running for ABS Living Unit Representatives. New
    Dorm Don Thompson Bill McCarthy Robert Wendel Sue Bolstrum Mike Holoszyc
    Beth Wright Jenifer Hanlon John Lynch Lynda Roscoe Swartz Hall Dean Smith
    Bob Drake Neil Hendershot Gordon Fletcher John W olff Jim Freeswick Karl
    Fritz Len Clayton Dave Coulter Dave Logan Tom Davidson Hunt Hall Laura
    Asherman Janet Russo Julie Colombo Jenny Chen Joyce McGuigan Patty Grier Sue
    Cleveland Sue Latimer M arji Janda Fraternities Jim Ludwig Ray Daly (on
    campus) Kirk Speicher Woody Mather Vince Shook (off the Hill) Women's Houses
    Mark James (Hulley) Pete Stover

Heading: Dining Plan Recommends
Content: 

Heading: Integration of Freshmen
Content: By TERRY ET.TJS A new dining hall arrangement calling for the integration of
    fresh men and upperclassmen was sub mitted to the Dining Hall Advisory
    Committee last Tuesday. Authored by committee member Pete Holmes, the plan
    responds to the " need of acquainting upper- class and freshmen students." A
    Decem ber (1969) survey indi cated that while 57% of the men favored the
    present plan, 43% of the women disagreed with seg regating the freshmen.
    Taking this into account and the fact that upperclassmen down the

Heading: Delays Inter-Dorm, Council
Content: 

Heading: ABS Approves Student Judicial System
Content: By JENNY CHEN A review on judicial procedures passed by ABS Wednesday night is
    now pending approval by Presi dent Charles Watts. When ap proved, a Com
    mittee on Student Conduct will be form ed, to adjudi cate all student cases.
    Dave Lacey President of ABS, said that the com m ittee is a form of "
    community interaction. Stu dents do affect the University as a whole."  The
    com m ittee will con sist of 5 students, 3 faculty, and 2 administrative
    staff members. The com m ittee will have the up- perhand in deliberation of
    viola-

Heading: Students Formulate
Content: 

Heading: Lectureship Series
Content: By LINDA ANNE CAPUTO In an attempt to provoke intel lectual stimulation outside
    of sched uled classes, a form al lecture series is being proposed by a group
    of interested students, headed by Bill Greaves and Len Clayton. Although
    specific speakers have not been contacted as yet, these students hope to
    bring such opinion- makers as F. Lee Battey, the de fense attorney for Sam
    Sheppard, and Gloria Steinam and Dorothy Pitman, feminists involved in Wo
    men's Liberation, to the campus. This series is being prepared for the 71-72
    academ ic year, but plans are underway for one or two lec tures which will
    be offered next se- v mester on a tried basis. It is the intention of the
    organizers that no charge will be made for these guest lectures. According
    to the student organ izers of this project, Greaves and Clayton, " such a
    program  would bring well-known speakers, rep resenting contreisting fields
    of con tem porary thought to Bucknell." (Continued on Page 3) Cions and
    enforcement of university disciplinary censures. Disciplin ary action will
    be taken on viola tions against the academ ic com munity such as
    interference with the academ ic freedom and in fringement on the rights of
    others. The com m ittee also has jurisdic tion on cases involving damage to
    University property, academ ic dis honesty, illegal use of firearm s and
    alcoholic beverages, and violation of state and federal laws. While the
    authoritative power rests with the committee, the in terpretation of student
    violations is up to the offices of the Deans of Men and Women. When a
    student is charged with a violation by anyone in the Uni versity community,
    the dean con ducts a prelim inary investigation, and inform s and advises
    the stu dent violator. A prelim inary investigation com mittee which
    consists of two stu dents from  the Student Conduct Committee and both deans
    will decide whether official action or counseling is necessary. If the
    official action is necessary the student has his choice of having his case
    heard by the Committee or having it taken care of adminis tratively by his
    personal dean. In tire course of discussion, an amendment to decrease the
    num ber of faculty members failed for lack of a second. Before the
    recommendation to send the review to President Watts was passed by a 12-1
    vote an ex planation was given that there are two levels of review on
    student cases, the Dean of Student Affairs, and as final recourse, the Presi
    dent. Also on the Wednesday agenda, the ABS passed a resolution urg ing
    changes in the present dining arrangement. This will be sent to the
    administration and service personnel for investigation. The resolution urged
    that fresh- men living on the freshman quad rangle should take breakfast at
    Swartz Hall, upperclassmen should have a breakfast-dinner m eal tick et
    option, and that integration of freshmen and upperclass students, should be
    attempted. The ABS also passed a resolu tion urging the offices of Univer
    sity Residence Halls and Fresh men Residence Program  to delay creation of
    an Inter-Dorm council, consisting of all hall vice-presi dents. The ABS
    resolution stated the council objectives and those of re lated organizations
    such as AWS and MCC should be reviewed to avoid possible duplication of func
    tion." In order to review the situation to the fullest extent, ABS would be
    willing to establish a special com- (Continued on Page 3) hill feel dining
    at Larison-Harris Cafeteria m ore logical than at University Cafeteria; the
    following proposal was submitted. University Cafeteria would be com e the
    freshman dining hall, serving approximately 540 students. The remainder of
    the Class of '74 and all upperclass students down the hall would eat at
    Larison-Har ris, with about 50 upperclass stu dents dining at Swartz on a
    Volun tary basis, thus assigning some 800 students to Larison-Harris. Of
    these, the upperclassmen would remain at Larison-Harris on a permanent basis
    while the fresh men rotate between U.C. and Lari son-Harris. The
    approximately 365 upper classmen at Swartz Cafeteria would remain there with
    the pos sibility of freshm en eating break fast at Swartz. This plan would
    keep alm ost the same number of students at each cafeteria as is presently
    there. Commenting on the reason for his proposal, Pete Holmes stated: " I
    think its really necessary be cause the way its set up now, I'll go into the
    University Center next year not knowing 50% of the uni versity. I see no
    reason for keep ing freshmen apart from  the rest of the university
    community. Eat ing with upperclassmen exposes the freshmen to m ore people,
    dif ferent kinds of people." Responding to the claim  that eating together
    oreates a unity in the freshmen class, Holmes said that the freshmen have
    obtained a real rapport with each other through the first weeks of the din
    ing arrangement, and in the Freshman Quadrangle, and that it is now time to
    extend this unity throughout the university, Over all, the new arrangement
    would

Heading: Series of Programs
Content: 

Heading: Probes Drug Usage
Content: By SUSAN PRESTON Dr. Thomas J. Risch, dean of men, and a group of interested
    students have initiated a drug in formation program on campus. The aim  of
    the program  is to explore the effects of drug usage in a culture such as is
    found at this university and to encourage students to sponsor panels, discus
    sions, and lectures regarding drugs and their usage. This program  is a
    result of the University's new policy regarding drug usage. This policy aims
    at discouraging use of illegal drugs and eliminating their misuse by . . .
    students through drug pro gram s and counseling. According to Dr. Risch the
    series of pro grams already planned is only the beginning of a " multi-
    faceted drug education program " that will eventually give rise to a
    permanent drug information center. At the present time five nights have been
    scheduled for drug dis cussions. The first two nights con sisted of film
    strips on marijuana, stimulants, and sedatives followed by student-led
    discussions. On September 22 a film strip concern ing psychedelic drugs will
    be shown with discussion to follow. The AWS Challenge Committee is bringing
    three lawyers to campus to discuss the legal aspects of drugs on October 7.
    The September 30 program  is as yet unplanned and suggestions would be
    welcom ed by Dr. Risch. According to Dr. Risch the film strips try to
    present an objective, (Continued on Page 3) create a learning experience for
    those involved. Dean Dunlop, chairman of stu dent dining plans for the
    Dining Halls Advisory com m ittee, called the Tuesday meeting to review  the
    dining situation in its present per spective. No decisions for altering the
    ar rangement were made at the meet ing; rather student and faculty opinion
    was heard and the current conditions were discussed. Mass Mabel Plumacher,
    Director of University Food Service, report ed on the overcrowded dining con
    ditions which resulted prim arily from  the larger freshman class and the
    number of uppedclass stu dents buying meal tickets. At this time, the three
    dining halls are feeding m ore students than they can com fartably accom o
    date, and any shifting of dining ar rangements would change the over
    taxation of facilities. The situation will end, however, with the opening of
    the University Center next fall. Discussion then turned to pro posed changes
    in the dining plan. Both upperclass and freshmen rep resentatives on the
    committee thought the mixing of classes good, (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Committee Schedules
Content: 

Heading: Black Culture Event
Content: By TOM NOVINGER An Afro-American Symposium will be held here November 15 and 16.
    The Sub-committee on Black Studies, who is sponsoring the Sym posium,
    announced that the main guest will be Dr. Charles Hamilton, a well known
    author, from Co lumbia University. Events planned for the two days include
    the main address given by Dr. Hamilton and discussion groups. Monday,
    November 16 Dr. Hamil ton will attend classes on appro priate subjects. Dr.
    Hamilton while a professor at Columbia University, in coopertion Stokley
    Carmichael wrote the book, Black Power: The Politics of Liber ation in Am
    erica. The Afro-American Symposium is part of a proposal by the sub-com
    mittee of the faculty of the College of Arts & Sciences to incorporate a
    Black Studies program here. Fu ture projects planned as part of this program
    are other festivals tentatively scheduled at the end of February and in late
    April. Accord ing to the Sub-committee chairman, Dr. Harvey Powers associate
    pro fessor of English, the purpose of Black Studies " is to provide all stu
    dents with valid and reliable in formation concerning the social, econom ic,
    and political problems confronting black people."

Heading: Movement for Peace Plans Campaigning and Community Action
Content: By JAN WILLIAMS During the past week a group of students have form ed an ad hoc
    (  com m ittee to plan peace activities for students here during the fall
    elections. Calling itself the Student M ovement for Peace, it now has
    formulated plans for working in two different directions: political
    campaigning and community action. The political aspect, headed by Jack
    Schmidt and Dave Logan, is already in action. The group has decided to
    concentrate its support behind two candidates; Milton Shapp, a Dem ocrat
    running for governor of Pennsylvania, and Ar thur Berger, a Democrat running
    for Congress from  the 19th Con gressional District. Shapp, being a
    gubernatorial can didate, would seemingly have little place in the peace
    movement. How ever, the com m ittee feels that as the leading Dem ocratic
    candidate in the state, he wall lend support to other peace candidates.
    Shapp, who has dovish tendencies, is cen tering his caampaign around en
    vironmental issues and a tax re- evaluation. Berger, who's district is
    located around Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, has been endorsed by the M ove ment
    for a New Congress and R ef erendum '70 both non-partisain peace groups. He
    is the only such candidate running anywhere near the Lewisburg area. The
    commit tee hopes to receive funds from  the Movement for a New Congress to
    assist with Berger's support. Campaign activities are already moving, as
    Shapp will be traveling through this area in a train Mon day. Leaving
    Harrisburg on Mon day morning, Shapp w ill make stops in Sunbury, Milton,
    and Wil liamsport. The Student Movement for P eace here is in charge of or
    ganizing rallies for all three points, to be held when Shapp ar rives. The
    group emphasizes that they need a lot of help with these ral lies. All
    students who are interest ed in working for peace are urged to help. If
    there is enough student support, transportation w ill be sup plied to
    Sunbury and Milton. All those who are interested should call a mem ber of
    the committee immediately, as plans are already under way. The non-
    political, or community aspect of the group has no definite plans as yet. G
    eoff Blood, who is in charge of this area, says that the main purpose of
    this aspect of the Movement is to im prove the relationship and
    communication be tween Lewisburg and the univers ity. Although this has been
    at tempted before, the group feels that it is vital to keep working in this
    area. Members of the committee and their phone numbers are Jock Schmidt,
    3372, Joe Steinmetz, 1545, Larry Dorm, 1526, Suzie Grant. 1388, Bob
    Nachshin, 1771, David Logan, 3000, and Geoff Blood, 3455.

Heading: Milton Shapp
Content: Milton Shaapp Democratic can didate for Governor of Pennsyl vania will be in
    Sunbury and M il- ton Monday morning. Students in terested in hearing Shapp
    speak should contact Jack Schmidt (3522) or Dave Logan (3000).

Heading: k J
Content: 

Heading: fit.
Content: I S ; * 1 1

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: Is There Any Doabt?
Content: 

Heading: The continued existence of curfews
Content: 

Heading: for freshmen women is unjustified.
Content: 

Heading: To restrict the hours of freshmen
Content: 

Heading: women and not those of freshmen men
Content: 

Heading: is to imply that the women are somehow
Content: 

Heading: less capable of self-discipline. To allow
Content: 

Heading: curfews to continue is to take the res
Content: 

Heading: ponsibility for personal decisions out of
Content: 

Heading: the hands of the individual.
Content: 

Heading: Obviously, the simplest and quick
Content: 

Heading: est way to eliminate freshmen curfews
Content: 

Heading: would be to ignore them. If "en masse",
Content: 

Heading: the freshmen women were to disregard
Content: 

Heading: the curfew regulations, the rules would
Content: 

Heading: effectively cease to exist. Simply and
Content: 

Heading: quietly, responsibility for the student's
Content: 

Heading: personal life would be returned to the
Content: 

Heading: student.
Content: 

Heading: Admittedly, this action would cause
Content: 

Heading: chaos in the eyes of those who enforce
Content: 

Heading: University policy. One can forsee the
Content: 

Heading: scene outside Roberts Hall as the little
Content: 

Heading: co-eds gather in groups on the Quad,
Content: 

Heading: locked out of their dorm until morning,
Content: 

Heading: staring forlornly at the freshmen men
Content: 

Heading: who are snuggled in their beds in Trax
Content: 

Heading: and Kress. Ah, the traumas of civil dis
Content: 

Heading: obedience.
Content: 

Heading: Then we are asked, why are the
Content: 

Heading: women's dorms locked and not the men's
Content: 

Heading: dorms ? Security is our answer, but why
Content: 

Heading: not have men and women living on al
Content: 

Heading: ternate floors of dorms? There is real
Content: 

Heading: security.
Content: 

Heading: The great housing debate goes on.
Content: 

Heading: The present co-residential housing
Content: 

Heading: arrangement has not ended the debate
Content: 

Heading: over segregated living facilities and the
Content: 

Heading: concept of women's hours. If the subtle
Content: 

Heading: discriminations against women are not
Content: 

Heading: ended, the University may find its co-eds
Content: 

Heading: taking it to the Quads !
Content: 

Heading: Pucknellian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVINO THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1887. Published twice weekly during the college ye>>r-M anber of
    Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription, _" I vruiceTEiUered'as
    Second class matter on September SI, 1822, at the port office at Lewisburg,
    Pa. under the act of March 3>> 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: mm
Content: 

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: At It Again
Content: To the Editor: Well, we dirty hippie commie fagot snobs were at it again last
    (Monday) night -- presenting

Heading: B.U.
Content: with its first major confrontation of the new year. For those who saw and
    enjoyed the show, be forewarn ed that you're now all the proud owners of 2-1
    files in Washington for subversive, disorderly booing and hissing. It all
    began when outside agita tors moved 9 ome tables together, obviously
    grouping for a united- front-for-action against existing moral and social
    traditions. From this central base, terrorists in filtrated the stirring,
    surrounding crowd and managed to completely baffle authorities by actually
    turn ing up the juke box so it could be heard more than 10 feet away (an
    unmanageable task for amateurs, implying a professional job). Stun ned,
    cashiers and short-order cooks stood in silence, awaiting the in evitable
    events to follow. Suddenly, from  out of the masses two youths jumped to the
    center of the floor (hitherto untouched by any but shuffling feet) and -- to
    the utter amazement of all -- ac tually began dancing! One could foresee the
    result: the red alert went up, summoning law enforce ment officials from
    surrounding communities; all small-talk ceased as eyes focused on the
    liberated floor planks; people snickered, un til they caught the eyes of the
    dancers (whose number increased to six!) -- after which there were obvious
    withdrawal symptoms on on the part of the onlookers (eye- to-eye
    confrontation is terribly dif ficult to cope with); and more and m ore
    propagandized filth belched from  the juke box (including fa miliar, scorned
    garbage goodies). (We pause in our report to an nounce that the dancers were
    defi nitely too involved with having a good time to notice the ensuing con
    frontation). Then, backed by the notorious Bears (you guys were beautiful!),
    the officials moved in to disperse the crowd. But the tables were turned,
    because the Bears knew us, and since they weren't out to has sle us anyway,
    they simply re quested relative calm (fear not, all ye booers and hissers,
    your ac tions were not unnoticed -- though your lack of dancing was).

Heading: A
Content: special thanks to the Bears (and the Glorious Greek Baby Bear) for extreme "
    cool" throughout the beat of the battle. At any rate, all went back to
    normal and a satisfied, happy crew of revolutionaries drifted onward. One
    final note, however: Those who began the dancing are not students -- they're
    new friends, unfamiliar with the fact that we can dance to music anywhere on
    campus except the hallowed grounds of the Bison (custom? tradition? status-
    quo?), score one for all who follow natural instincts, and welcome the non-
    indoctrinated minority. Today the Bison, tomorrow the Bulkhead !! Peace,
    Turkey

Heading: Christmas Boycott
Content: To the Editor: We see as hypocrisy the extrava gant celebration of Christmas
    when there is no peace on earth. So our group feels it is time for a Christ
    mas boycott. We are not going to buy presents this year, nor are we going to
    receive them. We will do without decorations, and may be fasting on
    Christmas day instead of feasting.

Heading: '(
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: BILL UVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any Issue and take a stand we deem ln the beat Interest at the
    University, to treat every Issue with the responsibility that la accorded us
    In a free society to be constructively critical when necessary as well as
    laudatory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and in
    tegrity.

Heading: y
Content: Editorials appearing on this page reflect the majority opinion o f. the
    editorial board and that of the editors. Signed columns present the view*
    only of the authors. Instead of spending, we will work for peace on earth by
    giving our money to help make amends for the suffering we have caused --
    such as by financially adopting a Vietnamese child, and by giving our time
    to stop war. We are call ing for people to put peace back in Christmas --
    what better way to observe the birth of Christ than to bring an end to the
    war this year? We are counting on college groups to do most of the local
    work. Here are some possible approaches for organizing the boycott: 1.
    Contact local clergy -- many should be receptive to taking com- (Confcinued
    on Page 5) All letters should be addressed to the Editor, and must be
    received no later B mmi Saturday noon for publication In the Tuesday edition
    and Wednes day noon for publication In the Friday edition. AU letters must
    be signed and typed double-spaced: however, name# may be withheld upon
    request. The Editor reserves the right to choose all letters for
    publication, and to edit any letter chosen for reasons of space
    restrictions, grammatical change and offensive language. Office: Fochl
    Printing Co., 228 Market Street, 529-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221

Heading: =THE SIDESHOW
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: 'To Work'
Content: -B y DAVID WEINBERGER; wading through a Sea of Cards emitted by computers --
    balancing a schedule-full of freshman-filled electives -- yearning to be Out
    of Here and back to where you came from or else to try and find the world or
    proof of its existence -- freshmen, seniors, one and all sam suggests you
    smile it could get worse before you're through and will -- just wait a
    while. " Well, sure we lost the election, but we'll be back next year, you
    can bet your pure gum booties!"  The fighting spirit of the canvassers of
    the Seventies is on the rise, and their battle cry is " Just Wait TUI Next Y
    ear!" It is at least a bit unfair to criticize those with hope for not
    achiev ing immediate effects. After all, worthwile revolutions are not
    accomplish ed in a day. But this is also not a reason for not being upset by
    failures. How can liberal canvassers show incredible zest for all aspects of
    the campaign except for the outcome? Failure today does not guarantee
    'success tommorrow. Part of the ethic by which America lives is that you
    must invest to make money, you must suffer to produce greatness, you must
    work to get your reward. But this ethic may be bankrupt. The canvassers seem
    to be living by it. Today's setbacks are m erely the price for tomorrow's
    victories. In fact, today's step backwards will probably be followed by an
    other step backwards tomorrow. A liberal, a moderate, is someone who insists
    that he can cross the ocean by wading. He does this because he thinks that
    only if he admits the possibility that the water is over his head can he be
    in danger. They > want to change some things, but they still want a toe-hold
    on something toozy and conservative. A good scientist is better than a good
    liberal. A good scientist has immoderate expectations that lead him to
    immoderate discoveries. A good scientist breaks from tradition, looks again,
    and accomplishes the foolhardy. A great scientist, an extremist, explains to
    his test tubes why science can lead to little worthwhile, packs up his bags
    and goes for a walk somewhere. Test tubes are transparent recepticles that
    fill up with whatever is poured into them, and then assimilates these new
    pourings so well that the pourings assume the exact shape of the test tubes.
    Extreme liberal revolutionaries are out chanting in the streets, burning
    things, trashing things, all the time trying to capture the common medium
    that unites conservative liberals like Nixon, moderate liberals like
    Fulbright, and extreme liberals like Rudd: Power. Maybe something concrete
    would help: It is hard to say things in typed (Continued on Page 5)

Heading: Former Prisoner Speaks
Content: 

Heading: Political Prisoners in Federal Prison
Content: Editor's note: This is the first in a series of articles by a former federal
    prisoner. The following is Part I of a two- part essay. Part II will be run
    in nevt week's BUCKNELLIAN. By A REVOLUTIONARY In one sense, everyone in
    jail is a political prisioner sim ply because they have interfer ed with the
    national purpose (L e., the production and accum ulation of wealth). That is
    to say, their crimes against per sons and things have created obstacles to
    the normal flow of business, thereby affecting -- it is presumed damagingly
    -- the normal flow of business. From this viewpoint they are enemies of the
    state which ex ists primarily not for the social good of citizens, but for
    the eco nomic, and indirectly, the mili tary communities. The second
    category of polili- cal prisoners has to do with thnm inmates who through as
    sociation and/or study have been radicalized into political critics. This
    type of inmate does not usually have at his disposal suf ficient advice from
    others to make his convictions viable upon release. The third category
    involves those who have broken a law to oppose state policy--usually
    military--for moral and/or po litical reasons. Even here, how ever, the term
    tends to have a loose application since some people of this category were
    not motivated by bona fied po litical reasons e.g., a draft re sister who
    opposes induction be cause he dislikes military reg imentation. Protects the
    Capitalist The federal penal system must be analyzed within the framework of
    what is loosly called the Establishment, or the governmental side of it. The
    Federal Bureau of Prisons is an agency -- like the Federal Bureal of
    Investigation -- of the United States Justice Depart-

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: SEPTEMBER 18. 1970 ment which is headed by the United States Attorney General, a
    member of the President's Cabinet. To the Justice Department is entrusted
    custodianship of the law, which primarily protects commercial interests, and
    the rights of citizens under the overall scope of national well being, i.e.,
    national prosperity. The law is fashioned, and even more importantly, is
    adminis tered by WASP echelons of power, and as such cannot be imagined as
    equally for blacks, Puerto Ricans, Chicanes or rebels. In the Capalist West,
    and to a sobering degree in the United States, power is synonymous with
    wealth Officialdom at any level cannot help but react to the challenge of
    its fundamen tal assumptions. And this it does by exorbitantly punishing the
    poor prisioner for not being passively poor, and exorbitant ly punishing the
    political rebel for not being peaceably, or legally, rebellious. (Read
    peacebly and legally as inef fectually). Again, it is no mystery why the
    United States Government is among the most conservative in the world and
    becoming more so. It is an administrative and diplmatic agency protecting
    the exploitative interests of a cap italistic empire--conglomerates, banks,
    and insurance compan ies. Now, what is most de manded of a bureaucracy is
    that it be logically consistent with its purposes. Therefore, the
    administration of any fed eral agency cannot run counter to policies of the
    parent bureau cracy. The federal penal sy stem intends to refashion crim
    inals into good capalists, or failing in this (as it usually does) to
    discourage them from future incursions against the status quo by what
    Menmnger nails the " Crime of Punish ment."  It usually fails in this also,
    but not for want of trying. (To reduce the present 60% - 70% recidivism now
    flowing from federal penal institutions, budgeting and/or the quality of
    personnel would have to im prove markedly. But such a step would run at odds
    against the " thing"  (property) domin ated mentality of the public, which
    underlies the severe pre judice against criminals who are feared more than
    the poor, more than the blacks.) To conclude, therefore, fed eral policy
    toward prisoners has implicit discrimination written into it -- men in
    prison are criminals, unfit to live with " normal"  people. This discrim
    ination becomes more pro nounced against those who voice opposition to
    national policy and purpose. And it be comes particularly pronounced against
    those who have pub licly acted (illegally) in oppo sition to native
    immoralities like racism and especially warmaking. Prison Bureaucracy Penal
    personnel come from limited (and conservative) edu cational backgrounds; a
    high school education is no longer required. Very often, they come from
    rural backgrounds and military service. Not infre quently guards first
    embarked (Continued on Page 5)

Heading: University Hires
Content: 

Heading: Two Professors
Content: Richard E'. Cassel, a project as sociate with Project SESAME here for the past
    two years, has been appointed instructor in education at the University.
    Cassel, who taught courses in in structional media here and at Sus quehanna
    University during the past year and at Pennsylvania State University in
    1968-69, will also have principal responsibility for the audio-visual
    service office and media production center. A mathematics and science teach
    er in the Cumberland Valley School District in Mechanicsburg from 1961 to
    1966, Mr. Cassel helped to de velop a model program of instruc tion for the
    Good Hope School in Mechanicsburg in 1966-67, and was director of teacher
    training for a project which developed a county learning and resources and
    training center in Adams County!Pa.) the following year. He is the recipient
    of a bachelor of science degree from Pennsyl vania State University and a
    mas ter's degree from Shippensburg State College, and has taken cour ses at
    Temple University, the State University of New York at Pots dam, and the
    University of Mas sachusetts. John Tonzetich, a teaching as sistant at Duke
    University for the past six years, has been appointed assistant pro l essor
    of biology at the University. A native of Nanaimo, British Co lumbia.
    Canada, and recipient of a bachelor of science degree from the University of
    British Columbia in 1963, Professor Tonzetich received a master of arts
    degree in zoology and is a candidate for a Ph.D. de gree there. He is a
    member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the
    Genetics Society of America, and the American Society of Zoologists.

Heading: A B S
Content: (Continued from Page 1) mittee for the proposed study. In other business the ABS
    agreed to look into a January Plan con cerning a two week seminar in student
    government offered by the

Heading: ABS.
Content: Craig Eby, Vice-President of ABS, announced that the only dorm holding
    preliminary elections for the ABS Living Unit would be Hunt Hall. Their
    preliminary elec tion will be Monday.

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Friday, September 18 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services 7:00 p.m. Cap & Dagger Musical
    Try-outs 8:00 p.m. Hilltop: " The Burmese Harp" Saturday, September 19 1:30
    p.m. Football vs. Temple Sunday, September 20 Meditation Chapel Music & Arts
    Aud. Vaughan Lit. Aud. Memorial Stadium 10:30 a.m. 4:00 p.m. 4:00 pm. 8:00
    p.m. 8:00 p.m. Monday, September 21 6:45 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m.
    8:00 pan. 8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m Cap & Dagger Try-outs Family Swim Nite " L
    'Agenda Staff Meeting Bucknell University Special Tuesday, September 22
    12:15 p.m. 4:45 p.m. 1:30 and 6:30 p.m. 6:45 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 7:30
    p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. Contact Lecture-Discussion: Catholic Mass

Heading: ABS Notes
Content: Primary elections for the Hunt Hall living unit representative to the ABS will
    be held Monday in Hunt Hall.

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Chapel
Content: 

Heading: Debate
Content: 

Heading: Concert Tickets
Content: Chapel: The Rev. Dr. Alan C. Tull Rooke Chapel Catholic Mass Rooke Chapel
    Graduate Student Association Nominating Meeting Graduate House Bucknell
    Experimental College Coleman Hall 102A Hillel New Dorm Lounge Coleman Hall
    102A Freas-Rooke Pool New Dorm Lounge Faculty Meeting Coleman Hall Theatre
    Bucknell Wives University Lounge English Dept. Film: " The Navigator"
    Vaughan Lit. Aud. Setinsgrove Volunteer Service Meeting Coleman Hall 101B
    Dr. Douglas Sturm New Dorm Lounge Rooke Chapel " The Exkursions,"
    Evangelistic Musical Rock Group sponsored by the Bucknell Christian
    Fellowship The Bison Cap & Dagger Try-outs Coleman Hall 102A

Heading: I.E.E.E.
Content: Dana Engring: 122 Bueknell-Russian Series Film: " Alexander Nevsky" Visual Aids
    Aud. Bucknell Intercollegiate Debating Society Vaughan Lit. 203 History of
    Mathematics Film Series: " The Search For Solid Ground" Olin Science Aud.
    Drug Program Vaughan Lit. Aud. The Intercollegiate Debating So ciety will
    hold its first meeting of the year: Tuesday Evening, Sep tember 22, at 7:30
    p.m. in Vaughan Literature Building--room 203. Any Freshman interested in
    par ticipating in intercollegiate debat ing and speaking events is invited.
    Those who cannot devote their full time to the club, may work in other
    capacities for the team doing research, typing or assisting in
    organizational work. For further information please call: Steve Valenti,
    Class '74, Ext. 1272, room 328 Larison Hall.

Heading: Volunteers
Content: There will be a meeting for all those who would like to do volunte er work in a
    hospital: Monday, Sept. 21, at 6:30 p.m. in room 202A Coleman Hall. If you
    are interested but cannot attend, call 1735 for in formation.

Heading: SelinsgTove
Content: There will be an organizational meeting for all students interested in
    Setinsgrove on Monday at 8:00 p.m. in Coleman Hall 101 B. A psy chologist at
    Selinsgrove will be pre sent to describe the volunteer pro grams for this
    year.

Heading: Lectures
Content: (Continued from Page 1) This series would provide an in formative program
    comparable to those being conducted on many leading university campuses. "
    Secondly, a formal lecture series, open to the entire com munity, would
    integrate the various departments of the university. " Frequently,
    individual and de partmental lectures are largely ig nored by students whose
    interests are not in such restricted fields. Also, it would tend to
    alleviate the feeling of isolation which exists on this campus." Besides
    conducting a formal lec ture in the evening, any guest speaker would be
    contracted for a half-day appearance. Ideally, he would be present at a
    luncheon with the faculty and at an informal afternoon discussion with
    interested students. After the evening lecture, he would be available for a
    question and answer period. Clayton and Greaves hope that this lecture
    series will be supported by any available funds that the university can
    allocate, supplement ed by contributions from interested organizations on
    campus: honorary, departmental, and social. Approximately 95% of the stu
    dents who responded to the ques- tionaire, did so favorably. Consider ing
    the need and demand for this program, it is hoped that it will meet with
    Presidents Watts' ap proval. must be returned no later than Wednesday
    September 23 at noon. Students are needed to serve on three more faculty
    committees. The Admissions Committee needs five more students from any class
    es, the student affairs committee needs 4 members and the cirricu- lum
    committee of the college of arts andsciences needs a freshman sophomore and
    a junior. Interest sheets for any of these positions may be obtained in the
    Dean of Student Affairs office and

Heading: INTERESTED IN SEEING
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell from the Air
Content: I will be glad to fly anyone to any destination or just sight-seeing (or the
    basic airplane rental charge. THE RATE IS 25c/MIN. ($15.00 hr.) for groups
    of 1 to 3 persons.

Heading: Contact Keith 1624
Content: Two positions are now open on the Board of Review of Academic Responsibility.
    Anyone interested in the position should fill out an interest sheet from the
    dean of student affairs office. Interest sheets must be returned by Wed
    nesday Sept. 23 at noon. Season tickets for the Concert ceries will be sold
    at the bookstore nntil Sept. 26. Individual tickets for the Miles Davis
    Concert are al so on sale.

Heading: Jan Business
Content: There will be a meeting Monday, September 21, in CH 2A at 7:30 p. m. for those
    students interested in (he Cultural-Business European Tour scheduled as a
    part of the 1971 January Program.

Heading: Postponement
Content: The Big-Little Sister picnic sche duled for Sunday has been post poned until
    Monday September 28. Details will be posted later.

Heading: --  ATTENTION PIZZA LOVERS: --
Content: 

Heading: Starting Sunday, September 27 the
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: WILL BE DELIVERING FAMOUS
Content: 

Heading: ITAUAN PIZZAS from
Content: 

Heading: GRRS'S FRRHIHOUSi
Content: 

Heading: -------
Content: 

Heading: ON
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS-------
Content: 

Heading: R ead n e x t w eek 's B ucknellian
Content: 

Heading: FOR MORE DETAILS
Content: The Rev. Dr. Alan Condie Tull, assistant professor of religion and Chaplain at
    Trinity College in Hart ford, Connecticut, will be guest minister for the
    folk mass com munion service being held at 10:30 a.m. this Sunday in the
    Chapel.

Heading: Dining
Content: 

Heading: Drugs
Content: (Continued from Page 1) informative, open attitude toward drugs rather than
    present an anti- drug viewpoint The purpose of the programs is to get
    students to listen and possibly obtain new per spectives on drug usage. The
    film strips provide a common experi ence on which to base discussion. They
    were screened by -a group of students over the summer who of fered to help
    with the program. The dean of men's office is serv ing as a center for
    resources, ad vice and any other assistance, but Dean Risch emphasized the
    major role played by the students them selves in initiating and organizing
    drug information programs. The program is flexible and hopefully will
    continue throughout the year. Some students are working on a drug " hotline"
    to provide informa tion at any time on any drug. They are also working on
    setting up a trip-sitting service. *

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: FOR SALE--1951 Chevy, 2-dr. se dan, excel, cond., call 524-0616 after 6 p.m. or
    weekends. FOR SALE--rust colored carpet 15' x 22' or parts thereof. In good
    condition. Call 3170.

Heading: i S'
Content: 

Heading: I 5
Content: 

Heading: i 1
Content: 

Heading: i PS
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: * (Continued from Page 1) however neither seemed willing to sacrafice the
    advantages they pre sently enjoy. The freshmen wished to remain at Larison-
    Harris, while the upperclassmen weren't anxious to walk farther to meals.
    The committee decided to survey student opinion before the next me eting to
    aid in a more representa tive discussion. As to the implementation of any
    new dining proposal, Dean Dunlop felt that the committee must be certain
    that any plan chosen could be handled by the dining halls, and that it be
    desired by all students. To assure this, the Dean per sonally favors a
    student survey similar to the one conducted in De cember. Any change decided
    upon, however, could not be implemented before October 17, the end of the
    present meal ticket. The committee then scheduled a meeting for Sept. 22 to
    hear a more specific version of Holme's pro posal and to consolidate the
    find ings of the committee members as to student opinion of the dining ar
    rangements.

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri.-Sat. - - - - 7:00 - 1:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sunday
Content: 

Heading: ----
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: 7:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O PEN
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: 

Heading: Mon. - Thur. 4:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. - Sat.
Content: 

Heading: 4:00 - 2:00 a.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sun.
Content: 

Heading: 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: W V B  U --  F M
Content: 

Heading: 90.5
Content: 

Heading: SPECIALIZED ENTERTAINMENT
Content: 

Heading: Sundays
Content: 

Heading: Noon --  2 a. m.
Content: 

Heading: "The Intelligent Alternative"
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL
Content: 

Heading: SOCCERMEN
Content: 

Heading: DON'T BE
Content: 

Heading: JUST
Content: 

Heading: GOOD
Content: 

Heading: B E
Content: 

Heading: G
Content: 

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: E A T ! ! !
Content: 

Heading: In A Pair of Adidas Soccer Shoes
Content: 

Heading: W. L  Donehower's
Content: 

Heading: 424 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Open 8 am.-5:30 pm.
Content: 

Heading: Wed. 8 a.m.-12 noon
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9029
Content: SEPTEMBER 18, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: yw *nnBnxiw!0ia!

Heading: ito i|g
Content: \gttK IK IK E E tE E E /E E E E E E E E E E E E E IE E E E E E E E E E E E E iE
    IE E E E E IE E E E E E E tE E E E E W EtEEEEHE

Heading: 'B-rave, E-nergetic, A-lert, R-eliable'
Content: 

Heading: Exclusive Interview Highlights Campus Security Force
Content: 

Heading: The Sideshow
Content: By DAVID WEINBERGER i n k f SS f > >> *

Heading: mmmmmwmmmmmmmm
Content: 

Heading: Political Prisoner
Content: 

Heading: | j ^ ers
Content: By DAVID HAMMER Features Editor's Note: Mr. Nor- raan Fine is the Chief of this
    Uni versity's Campus Security Force and, in this exclusive interview, Fine
    discusses his Force's primary functions (which include checking fire
    escapes, potential fire hazards and, in this connection, looking out for the
    student's safety). Among other topics, Fine elaborates on other aspects of
    the 'Bear' force such as Inter-Security communica tion systems and various
    devices Campus Security members have at their command. BUCKNELLIAN: Exactly
    how many men are involved with the C ampus Security Force? FINE: There are
    seven men, in cluding myself, with average ages around 35-40. In addition,
    we are utilizing students as part of the security force, and there are seven
    cl them which include our office worker. B: What are the qualifications of
    of a student who wishes to join your ranks? F: He'mustn't be pressed in his
    studies. We try not to have some one working for us who is having trouble
    academically. The applicant must also be neat--and have a driver's license.
    They're about our only restrictions or guidelines. B: Do the student 'Bears'
    do the same work as those who are non students? F: Yes. For instance, the
    stu dents ride in patrol from 9 p.m. to l a.m., six nights a week, with one
    of our non-student security people. This gives the man in the car a
    student's point of view. In addition, students make the 'rounds' as would
    any 'Bear' working for us. They are just as capable of check ing buildings,
    giving out parking tickets and so on as our other men. Some students have
    been with us three years, and all of them are doing a good job--really
    helping us out. B: What' are the hours in which the Campus Security Force is
    man ned? F: Well, on weekends, we have men on patrol from 8 a.m. to 6 a.m.
    and, on weekdays, from 5 p.m. to 6 a.m. I might also add that this office is
    open three afternoons a week, from 1-4 p.m. B: What do you personally see as
    the chief duty of a 'Bear' here? F: I think our primary duty here is the
    safety of the student--we check fire doors and the like to in sure that
    safety. You can always replace a building, but you can never replace a
    student. And we're not trying to harass student's -- we're all for them. B:
    Does protecting students in clude protecting his personal pro perty? F: We
    try to protect a student's property as much as possible, but I don't think
    we can be entirely responsible for it. Unless we see someone taking
    something, we can't really do anything. We'll stop him if we see him--but
    he's always looking out. , i B: What protection is there, then? F: In the
    article on theft in The

Heading: Scott Aims for Accuracy
Content: 

Heading: Depicting 'Patton' Role
Content: By DAN MARTIN Patton (now at the Campus) is a chronicle of the World War Two
    experiences of the controvers ial General George S. Patton. With George C.
    Scott in the title role and Karl Malden as General Omar Bradley, Patton is a
    study of the man-his faults and weaknesses just as much as his courage and
    cun ning. Having the reputation of being the toughest and at times the most
    profane American officer of the war, Patton was the great force driving the
    Seventh Army toward its fantastic thirty-eight day in vasion of Sicily.
    Sharpshooter, tank expert, and great student of mili tary tactics, he later
    led the Third Army across France with ruthless drive and a disregard of
    conven tional military tactics. Patton was known, sometimes affectionately
    (but more often not), as " Old Blood and Guts."  Believ ing the personal
    approach to the enemy, his motto was said to be " grab 'em by the nose and
    kick

Heading: rivi 2
Content: The blueprints for the Bison, which was built over 60 years ago, state that it
    is only a temporary structure and is to be torn down immediately upon
    completion of the new student center. A Trivial question: Why are ten- cent
    cokes eight ounces at the Bison and only seven at Guy's? The year zero was a
    leap year. .And from our Trivial laborator ies: A Mateus bottle cannot be
    cut with a Fleming bottle and jug cut ter.

Heading: FOLK
Content: 

Heading: Steve Dill
Content: 

Heading: and
Content: 

Heading: LIVE PERFORMERS
Content: 

Heading: Sundays
Content: 6:30 - 9 p an .

Heading: WVBU FM--90.5
Content: 'em in the tail."  Once, when told by a private that he was shooting at a
    concealed machine gun, Pat ton roared, " That's not a machine gun. It's a
    dirty Nazi . . . " Perhaps, though, this controver sial figure was best
    known for his striking of a shell-shocked soldier in a hospital late in
    1943. The " slap, heard around the world" caused a great uproar among
    civilians and military men alike, and probably caused a deferment of action
    on Patton's promotion to the perma nent rank of Major General. Several other
    incidents, including an order to shoot the mule of a Sicilian peasant on a
    military bridge, and the cursing of an army newspaper reporter for writing
    that American soldiers take to fox holes when under heavy fire, did not help
    to increase Patton's sta ture in the public eye. This man of contrasts-at
    times an admired war hero and at times a despised troublemaker-is a dif
    ficult one to portray and George C. Scott has done what can only be called
    an outstanding job of cap turing the essence of the man's per sonality.
    Through what was unques tionably a great amount of pre paration and study,
    Scott has suc cessfully reproduced the General's mannerisms, moods, and,
    most ob viously, his physical appearance. Scott is memorable in the fact
    that he expertly dramatizes each individual aspect of Patton's per sonality.
    From the violent slapping of the scared soldier to his apology to the
    assembled troops, the char acter of Patton is quite believable. From the
    instances where the Gen eral is reprimanded for his out bursts of temper
    (sometimes un necessary while occasionally justi fied) to the truly amazing
    scene where he surveys the corpse-strewn battlefield after a bloody battle
    and proclaims his almost insane love of war, he is Patton all the way. There
    are moments in Patton i where the viewer cannot help but be fascinated by
    the man as por trayed by Scott. His uncanny sense of history, his unceasing
    faith in ancient military tactics, and his sincere belief that he was
    present in every military campaign ever undertaken, cannot fail to at least
    I amaze the average viewer. But there are also in Patton many moments where
    the man can only arouse feelings of disgust and hatred in observers, owing
    to his incessant ruthlessness and seem ing enjoyment of the death around
    him. Patton does not overlook even the most minute incident involved in the
    shaping of the man's person ality. The greatness of this film lies in the
    fact that it stresses only the man, without glamorizing him, leaving the
    viewer to pass his own judgement. Whether Patton is seen to be a great and
    necessary war hero, or if he is considered as a pure m a niac, practicing
    only insanity, the movie of his life must still be rec ognized as accurate,
    and the star as close to genius as one might possibly ever get. Bucknellian
    last week. Mr. Zeller pointed out that a person should take out a
    homeowner's policy, which covers loss due to theft. That's the surest
    protection I can think of. B: What does a member of the Campus Security
    Force do on the average 'rounds' you mentioned earlier? F: We check the
    buildings--and the dorms four times a night dur ing the hours I spoke of. We
    have a patrol car on duty all over the campus, too. B: During patrols, how
    do the 'Bears' keep in contact? What sys tems of communication are avail
    able and utilized by Campus Secur ity? F: We have two primary systems and a
    secondary one. The primary systems include a radio in the car which has
    direct communication with the switchboard and the power plant. It was just
    put in over the summer months, so it's rela tively new. We also have a
    'beeper' system; each 'Bear' has a little 'beeper' with him by which he may
    communicate, again, with the switchboard and power plant. Our third system
    is an emergency one, consisting of flashing lights at Car negie, the Music
    and Arts Building, the clock tower over the library, and one other somewhere
    else. This system is to alert the security around the campus. It is, in a
    sense, an individual call. All these systems allow us to be in contact with
    anything which might develop. B: There were a number of what I'll call
    'physical attacks' on stu dents (for lack of better words) last year. What
    do you think caus ed them? F: As long as you're drinking whiskey, these are
    going to happen. B: What can a 'Bear' do if a student is attacked and he's
    not on the scene? F : It's really up to the student. He'd have to identify
    the liscense number of a car or the car itsell or the person before we could
    act. If the person could not do this, then the investigation would stop
    there unless a suspect were, later, apprehended and admitted doing so-and-
    so. If there was a chance that people outside the campus

Heading: Chapel Committee Re-Directs,
Content: 

Heading: Devising 'Encounter' Groups
Content: 

Heading: COLLEGEMASTER
Content: 

Heading: The College Plan for the College Man
Content: 

Heading: GOOD LUCK
Content: 

Heading: BISONS!
Content: 

Heading: Fidelity Union Life Insurance Co.
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: SEPTEMBER 18, 1970 By JUNE HEISTAND Last Spring, 'with the appoint ment of a new
    Chaplain and the formation of the Chapel Commit tee, a group of people began
    to formulate programs which would make the Chapel more than just a place in
    which to congregate for an hour on Sunday, or Friday, as the case may be.
    Based on the theory that spiritual experiences should not be " packaged and
    kept at the altar,"  programs were devised and reorganized in order to
    better ful fill the needs of students on cam pus. Stemming from discussions
    with the Chapel Committee (a rather loosely organized group of students who
    are interested in criticizing, improving and developing the wor ship
    programs), Reverend James Gardner organized study and en counter groups
    which will meet for several weeks this fall. At the present time, the
    student leaders of the seven groups are in the process of preparing
    materials for their first discussions. Entirely student-run, with the
    Chaplain only serving as an ad visor to the leaders, the first meet ings
    will begin next week. Those groups which will be meeting at regular times
    this fall consist of " Interpersonal Communication," " Responsible
    Sexuality," '"Hie Teachings of Christ," " Perspec tives on War and Peace,"
    " De veloping Christian Inwardness," and a Young Marrieds Forum. Ac cording
    to Gary Koutnik, another group concerned with the presenta tion or chancel
    drama will also be forming. (For information on how to be- ccm e involved in
    any of the groups, students and faculty are encourag ed to contact the
    Chaplain or his assistant Mary Beth James. The times at which the groups
    will meet shall be decided by those people participating.) In addition to
    these meetings, two others are being held at per manent times during the
    week. On Tuesday evenings at 8 o'clock the Bucknell Christian Fellowship
    will meet in the Corner Room on the first floor of the Botany Building.
    Their program for the first semes ter includes a variety of talks by
    ministers and professors. Highlighting the Fellowship's pro gram first
    semester is "Revolu tion plus One," a rock concert which will be held in the
    freshman quadrangle on September 22. The performers, " John Guest and the
    Exkursions,"  are a group of mu sicians who use the rock medium to
    communicate what they consider to be the reality of Jesus Christ to college
    students across the country. The other permanent weekly meetings during the
    semester will be held on Thursdays at 9:00 p.m. in the Chapel. At that time
    various types of worship will be explored. Still a part of the religious ac
    tivity on campus are the regular non-denominational Sunday worship services
    being held at 10:30 a.m. This year they will include student liturgists, and
    student-composed materials. Professor Jackson Hill of the music department
    is revitalizing old hymns and lyrics for modern use during the services, and
    other interested professors and members of the community are encouraged to
    help through singing, ushering and the like. The encounter groups, Fellow
    ship meetings, and Thursday ser vices, along with those normally held on
    Friday evening and Sun day morning and afternoon, should keep religion and
    inquiries related to it, alive on campus. were 'agitating,' then we'd
    natural ly bring the Lewisburg police in. B: Do you think students could
    ever riot here? F: I think they could--it could be spontaneous. But I think
    a riot would be caused by reaction to something that happened here rather
    than by a national issue like Vietnam. Let's say that the Administration
    kicked someone out unjustly and there was mass pro test or something. I
    think a riot, in an instance like that, could de velop. B: How do you think
    students acted during Jhe strike of last May? F: Well. They were orderly and
    there was no trouble at all Al though I don't see the real purpose behind it
    (the strike), the conduct was good. B: In case some 'crisis' should develop,
    what weapons do you and your men carry? F: We all carry a blackjack--for our
    own protection. In addition, we have tear gas pens. No one carries guns on
    our force. B: Is the University a problem to patrol? F: I feel we've got the
    coopera tion of the students--that's a big factor. In that sense, it's not a
    big problem. B: As Chief of Campus Security, what are your particular
    duties? F:

Heading: I
Content: coordinate the different functions of the men, their sche dules and the like.
    Also, I hire new men, screen student recruits, sche dule men for parking
    cars during football games and other college functions. B: Who do you
    directly report to? F: Mr. Walter Geiger. B: Has anyone complained to liim
    about any of your or your men's actions? F: The only complaints we've re
    ceived this year are because of a failure to open up certain places--
    classrooms, for instance. As to the conduct of the men, there are no
    complaints as yet. I hope they all act as gentlemen; I've tried to act. as
    one. I might add that there is no 'cloak and dagger' here: we're here to
    help the students. If a stu dent has a problem, we welcome him to come and
    talk to us about it. B: How long have you been Chief of the University's
    Campus Secur ity Force? F: Nine years. Before that, I taught ROTC here for
    four years. And I was a Major when I left the army, prior to coming to the
    Uni versity. B: Do you keep in contact with Security Forces of other
    campuses and, if so, how? F: Occasionally. I go to a semi nar for the
    purpose of contact and comparison. I'm a member of the International
    Association of College and University Security Directors, which conduct the
    seminars. In ad dition to the annual meetings, we write letters for
    information from other campuses, and compare notes in that way. B: I notice
    that, on the black board there, you've spelled 'Bear' out to read 'B-rave,
    E-nergetic, A-lert, R-eliable.' Is that a' re action slogan? F : Well, I
    don't know who put it there. We do have a schoolteacher working for us--he
    might have done it. If that's what they're all like, that's good enough for
    me. B: How did the name 'Bear' originate? F: I don't really knoy--but they
    call me the 'Big Bear.' I think most oi us look on the 'Bear' as a sign of
    endearment now. No matter what, we're just trying to do a job the best we
    know how--and the student is foremost in that job.

Heading: \ \ m
Content: 

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: deg
Content: 

Heading: | jr y E O o
Content: " Private Eye"  will be appearing soon in The Bucknellian. Please send all
    announcements of p inn ings, engagements or marriages to " Private Eye,"
    Box W-157, as soon as possible. The campus wants to know . . . (Continued
    from Page 2) lines. The best one (I) can do is try to provide places in
    sentences where people can jump off to get into the real meaning. Writing a
    column makes one a liberal because it is an attempt to achieve the near
    impossible through moderate means. A liberal uses a typewriter to write to
    people. A  liberal who regrets his moderation enough to acknowledge the
    regret but not enough to cut himself loose from it, writes to his typewriter
    and lets other people read it. All of which is to say that there is no point
    in being coherent when what one has to say is not coherent. The world is not
    coherent. It is not that, the world is now insane and must be brought back
    to sanity, but rather that the world is now, always was and always will be
    insane. In an insane world, sanity is madness. Now for a second concrete
    statement: Agnew is now saying that it is a faction of the Congress that is
    inciting the minority of trouble makers. The government itself, he is
    saying, is the betrayer of America. Just what America is becomes totally
    lost in a haze when we can't even identify a government by its institutions.
    Agnew is saying " We are America and is excluding legitimate American
    Government from America. And Strom Thurmond told a recent conservative youth
    congress that guerilla war fare has started in America. In one year we will
    accept that, and then its acceptance will establish its reality and cause
    its growth. So we should all go out and canvass for a system (for one cannot
    politically canvas for a person; at best one can canvass for a * worth
    while"  representative to be included within the American system: it is
    impossible to both work for people and work for politics). That the system
    itself is denying is legitimate? Work for it? Work for him? No, the answer m
    ay be to stop working. Or, to be more coherent, to stop putting an object
    after the verb " to work."  Work, but do work that is play and play that is
    work. Then maybe we can begin to stop splitting ourselves up as in
    dividuals, as groups, as races, as species, as objects in a world of abjects
    both animate and inanimate. (Continued from Page 2) upon a military career
    only ab andoning it in favor of the penal service. This results in political
    values that are highly conservative and at times jingoistic. Washington is
    questioned only in measures fav oring blacks and the poor--almost never when
    it comes to space ap propriations, defense allocations or conduct of foreign
    policy. Undoubtedly it is according to design that penal institutions are
    located in small urban or rural communities--the only exception being
    Atlanta which despite its met ropolitan tone still remains a Deep South
    City. In these communities strong emphasis rests upon prop erty values,
    economic security, white supremacy, co-relation of God. flag and country.
    When such a value system encounters through prison officials the poor of the
    pen al system, thieves, murderers, rb- bers, white slaves, plus those guilty
    o f more sophisticated crim es- union officials, crime syndicalists,
    political grafters, income tax evad ers ------ there is bound to be a clash
    in which the prisoner comes off second best. Impersonality, de ceit.
    arbitrary treatment and some times marked brutality emerges from the
    cultural values of penal officials vis-a-vis prisoner. Another local factor
    contributing to the less wholesome attitude to ward political prisoners is
    the self- perpetuating nature of the penal bureaucracy. (The nation is well
    familiar with the resistance of local communities to the closing down of
    military bases upon which they rely for support.) Something directly
    parallel exists with penal institutions. If the evonomic life of a community
    would be threatened in any way by major changes in legislation, by judicial
    shakeups, or by budgetry dificiencies, then active resistance by large and
    pet ty bureaucrats coud be expected. There are high incidences of medi
    ocrity, time serving, emphasis on security, longing for retirement. All of
    this clashes with the rather re markable diversity of the prison population
    and does its utmost to control it. The control follows lines of stereotypes
    which astonishingly enough are exemplified by penal personnel.) Pressure to
    conform to a pattern is " rehabilitation." And the pattern is white
    supremist, jingoistic, capitalistic, etc., etc. __ Y o u n g  C ollege T
    each er-- would like to share her modern furnished house in Selinsgrove with
    female student. Call 374- 0054 after 5 p.m. (Continued from Page 2)
    mercialism out of Christmas and putting peace back in. 2. Organize picket
    lines at de partment stores and shopping cen ters. 3. Do guerilla theatre on
    the side walk in front of large stores. Dramatize the horrors of war or the
    contradictions in the thinking of the military. 4. Leaflet at high schools,
    train stations, churches and shopping centers. 5. Urge fellow students not
    to go home for vacation unless their par ents agree to participate in the
    boy cott. We would welcome any criticisms and suggestions readers might have
    of this proposal. Westport Citizens for Peace P.O. Box 207 Saugatuck Station
    Westport, Conn. 06880

Heading: 'THE ENDLESS TUNNEL"
Content: 

Heading: Progressive Rock
Content: 

Heading: with Don Cohen
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAYS
Content: 

Heading: 9 --  11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: WVBU FM--90.5
Content: 

Heading: LIBERAL ACTS MAJORS
Content: 

Heading: FO Tcnn open a w hole new w orld of opportunity...
Content: Each year, NSA offers challenging career opportunities to Liberal Arts majors
    through participation in the Professional Qualification Test. This year, NSA
    has scheduled the PQT fo r Saturday, October

Heading: ICE
Content: Completion o f this Test by the Liberal Arts major is a prerequisite to
    consideration for NSA employment. The Career Scene at NSA: The National
    Security Agency is the U.S. Government agency responsible for developing
    invulner able communications systems to transmit and receive vital
    information. As an NSA professional, you w ill be trained to w ork on
    programs of national importance in such areas as: * Cryptography--developing
    & logical proving o f new crypto-logic concepts * Research--the gathering,
    analysis, and re porting of substantive data * Language--used as

Heading: a
Content: basic tool o f

Heading: research
Content: into a number o f analytical fields * Programming--includes data systems program
    writing, and development o f mechanical and administrative procedures *
    Documentation--technical writing in its broadest sense, including research,
    writing, editing, illustrating, layout and reproduction Your specific
    academic major is of secondary importance. O f far greater importance are
    your ingenuity/ intellectual curiosity and perseverance--plus a desire to
    apply them in assignments where imagination is the essential qualification.
    Salaries start at $8,000.00 and are supple mented by the benefits o f career
    federal employment. Advancement and Career Development-- NSA promotes from
    within, and awards salary increases as you assume greater responsibility.
    NSA also is anxious to stimulate your professional and intellectual growth
    in many ways, including intensive form al as well as onrthe-job training.
    Advanced study, if job related, is available, at any o f seven area
    universities and can be partially or wholly reimbursed through NSA
    Fellowships or other assistance programs. The deadline for PQT applications
    is Septem? her 30 (for the October 10 test). Pick up a PQT Bulletin at your
    Placement O ffice. It contains full details and the necessary test
    registration form . College Relations Branch, National Security Agency, Ft.
    George

Heading: G.
Content: Meade, Maryland 20755. Attn: M32L All equal opportunity employer, M /F.

Heading: NATIONAL SECUEHy A6INCT
Content: SEPTEMBER 18, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: jflEN

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: :.AE
Content: ee hhhhbhhmhm

Heading: *
Content: i'ViSSiyS^<<'?'** M NIIM IM INM H NNIM IM M M M M M H RM M i

Heading: C ibegm yuckneU tan
Content: 

Heading: >>PORTS
Content: 

Heading: Thundering Herd Opens Grid Season
Content: 

Heading: Bisons Seek Upset Over Temple
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE The Big Blue Bisons open their 1970 season with a home game
    against the Temple Owls at 1:30 p.m. tomorrow. Temple, 4-5-1 last year,
    opened ist season last Saturday, losing to Akron 21-0. But with the
    experience gained the Owls could prove to be a very determined team. Head
    football coach Fred Pren- der has no doubts about the po tency of his first
    opponent's attack. When questioned he stated, "Tem ple is a fine football
    team. They're very aggressive and have declared themselves 'big time' in
    football." The Owls are thin in depth with five players going both ways but
    their new coach, Wayne Hardin has promoted three sophomores to var sity
    positions and two of them, Bill Anzilone and Joe Injaychock, are in the
    Owl's defensive backfield. The Bison attack is sure to try to exploit these
    inexperienced half backs with the passing of Greg Doviak. Temple's offensive
    attack circles around their quarterback Frank Di- Maggio, a 6' 1", 198 pound
    junior. Operating behind a huge line which has a definite size advantage
    over the Bison defenders, DiMaggio completed eighteen of thirty four passes
    for a hundred thirty two yards against Akron. DiMaggio also has a reputation
    for being a very fine runner. Another important cog in the Bison co-captain
    Don GiacomeUi el udes a tackier in last years' contest against the Temp le
    Owls. Asuccess- ful Bison running attack is crucial to a Big Blue win. Owl's
    offensive machinery is their fullback Joe Mesko, who latched onto nine of
    DiMaggio's passes for sixty seven yards, last week. Coach Prender hopes to
    be able to play a balanced offense but BU's Mitch Farbstein, Don GiacomeUi,
    and John Newman will find it hard running against the solid Owl de fenders.
    Quarterback Greg Doviak will probably be forced to take the ex press route
    and throw to Jim Cas sidy, Paul GUewicz, or Jay Griffin. Defensively,
    halfbacks Cassidy and Gilewicz and senior safety Gene Lucearelli will be
    pressured to cover the fine corps of Owl re ceivers. Up front Gene Depew,
    George Clayton, and Joe DiQrio must pur sue and ends John Hertzler and Ken
    Donahue contain the Owl's Di Maggio. Linebackers C. B. Mans field, Tarras
    Onischenko, and Dan Spahn must prevent DiMaggio from passing to his backs,
    especially Joe Mesko. Temple is priming themselves for some buffalo steak
    and their first win but if the Thundering Herd has worked itself into shape
    Saturday afternoon should find a very in teresting rivalry continued.

Heading: Harmon's
Content: 

Heading: Forecast
Content: By TOM HARMON Nineteen of last year's top twen ty college football teams see ac
    tion this Saturday with only Ohio State marking time until next week. And
    until they're knocked off their lofty perches, they have to remain the
    twenty most respected teams in the country. National champion Texas, with
    designs on a repeat performance in 1970, meets California in Austin. The
    Longhorns should separate the men from the Bears. Texas is favored by 29
    points. Third-ranked Louisiana State, overlooked - ignored - by-passed - caU
    it what you wUl by aU bowl selection committees last Novem ber, clashes with
    Texas A & M. The spread: 27 points; the win-

Heading: Baby Bison Thunder
Content: 

Heading: Frosh Gridders Show Promise in DrUls
Content: By JEFF QUINZER With the first game stiU a week away, freshman football coach
    BiU Lane discussed this year's squad. "The team is fairly big for a col lege
    freshman team," commented the coach. "The interior line av erages about 205
    lbs. but it is not basically a heavy team. It is a tall team, with a lot of
    boys on the line about six foot one. There are plenty of tall, rangy boys
    and lots of tal- ant on this squad." When compared to their oppon ents, the
    Bisons match up favor ably in high school backgrounds as well as in physical
    size. "We have a lot of team captains and many boys who were all-league,
    all-dis trict etc.," mentioned the coach. At this point in the season, the
    offense and the passing in particu lar, appears to be the team's strong
    point while the defense, due mainly to lack of practice time, is running
    slightly behind.

Heading: Notes &
Content: 

Heading: Comment
Content: It has come to our attention that The Bucknellian Sports staff has condescended
    to report women's field hockey for the first time in its history. We applaud
    this step as an advance in sports coverage and a break-through in the girls'
    struggle for equal rights. * * * It is terrible to contemplate in this modem
    era of Women's Lib the results of continued neglect. Of course one shouldn't
    think that the sports staff was coerced into this step by the specter of a
    bunch of wild-eyed, stick-swinging banshe es storming the computing center
    or the chemistry labs. It was, rather, a logical step forward in the quest
    of equal rights for wo men. * * # We feel that newspaper coverage of women's
    athletics is a justifiable expansion of traditional sports re porting. After
    all the girls are real ly ambassadors of the University and are responsible
    for represent ing Bucknell out in the real world. They are burdened with the
    task of displaying to the world the type of well-bred young ladies we have
    here at BU. And if in the process they display a well-turned ankle to some
    wealthy male chauvanist pig, what can it hurt? In fact the Ad ministration
    should be given a

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: SEPT. 18, 1970 great deal of credit, it makes more sense to us than sending out
    a bunch of football players. * * * Along this same line of thought, we
    should mention that the Uni versity is quietly infiltrating women into the
    other aspects of the ath letic community. Anyone who has ever attended a
    trackmeet might have noticed that one or two of the thinclads are of the
    fair sex. We expect that they serve in a spirity boosting capacity, inasmuch
    as they haven't as yet, run a 50 second 440. In the event that this 50
    second barrier is broken, we ad vocate installing them in the mile relay.
    Moreover we contend that the girls be encouraged to consume the training
    meals at UC. We think that they should learn quickly that equality has its
    disadvantages as well.

Heading: "Study to be quiet."-
Content: --W alton

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 11:00 A.M. SUNDAY

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: Regarding the attack, Coach Lane feels that "the passing of fense is our
    strongest point. We have good prospects at quarter back and several fine
    receivers. We'll probably have a limited run ning offense but should throw
    the ball a great deal. The defense should improve as the season progresses.
    Until now, we haven't had much time to work on the defense." Thus far, the
    team has escaped any serious injuries although they have sufferel several
    minor ones. Three backs, Bob Brunnet, Carl Probst, and Jim Gregor, have been
    sidelined for several days with in juries but Coach Lane assures that "the
    injuries are not serious and they should all be ready for the first game."
    With a large squad of 48 players to work with, Coach Lane plans to use a
    platoon system with sever al specialty squads for kickoffs, punts etc. As he
    explains, "All 48 boys could play in a game. With several specialty squads,
    we'll give many boys a chance to play." Which teams will be the Bison's
    toughest opponents? Coach Lane believes that Cornell, a new addi tion to the
    schedule, "will probably be the toughest but Lafayette's frosh are always
    tough." Last season, the Thundering Herd defeated all three of the local
    teams, so "this year they'll be gunning for us," added the coach with a
    laugh. Despite the obvious concern for a winning season, the main purpose

Heading: The Egg Rides Agan
Content: 

Heading: THE RAW EGG
Content: 

Heading: 7 - 9 a.m. Mon. - Fri
Content: 

Heading: W V B U
Content: 

Heading: 90.5 FM
Content: 

Heading: AM 640
Content: . ....... uitimniiHiiiiimiMiifflnmmimpupiiMuuuaHamMfflMiiB

Heading: T R A I L  R I D E S
Content: 

Heading: Horses leave every
Content: 

Heading: evening 6:30. Monday
Content: 

Heading: through Thursday
Content: 

Heading: Coll 5234)413
Content: 

Heading: LIGGETT'S
Content: 

Heading: RIDING STABLE
Content: of the frosh program is to prepare players for the varsity. Unlike many other
    sports, freshmen can not participate in varsity competi tion. They help the
    varsity by practic ing with them every day and by providing competition for
    them in scrimmages. This will be true this season even more than last year.
    The team still plays a 7-game schedule of their own, which is a very
    extensive schedule for a frosh team. Said Coach Lane, "The whole purpose of
    any freshman program is to produce players for the vars ity. The school's
    schedule for the freshmen is much larger than other universities.' We hope
    to send 30 players up to the varsity next year. It would be unfair at this
    time to begin making comparisons to last year's team, which compiled a fine
    5-1 record, but the coach would say that "this year's squad is compar able
    to last year's in enthusiasm and spirit. This is a larger squad by ten men
    and both teams are a real pleasure to coach. It should be a lot of fun
    coaching these boys." "School spirit is still alive no matter what anyone
    says, especial ly when it comes to football. There is a lot of enthusiasm
    and emotion connected with it because football is a very emotional game,"
    con cluded the coach. ner: L. S. U. A bowl-loser that wasn't suppos ed tobe
    abowl-loser was 5th-ranked Auburn. The Tigers should muss up Southern
    Mississippi by about 42 points. Another Harmon bowl-loser was Michigan,
    rated 6th in 1969. The Wolverines,. pre-season favorite along with Ohio
    State for the Big Ten title, play Arizona in Aim Ar bor. Michigan will win
    by 29. Unless Northwestern has made fantastic strides since the end of the
    1969 season, the Wildcats are in for a long afternoon against 7th- rated
    Notre Dame. The Irish are topheavy favorites by 36 points. And then there's
    that team about which we received the most cor respondence this past winter
    - un defeated Penn State. The Nittanies finished 9th ("who let you out of
    your cage!") in our final rankings, and will rack up victory number 31
    against Navy this Saturday. The Middies will be bombed by about 40 points.
    Air Force 28 Wyoming 13 Alabama 23

Heading: V.P.I.
Content: 14 Arizona State 35 Colorado State 14 Arkansas 25 Oklahoma S 10 Army 20 Baylor 7
    A uburn 42 So. Mississippi 0 Boston U 24 Colgate 6 Clemson 17 Virginia 13
    Colorado 30 Indiana 14 Florida 23 Mississippi S 13 Georgia 21 Tulane 8
    Georgia Tech 27 Florida State 16 Houston 37 Syracuse 15

Heading: L.S.U
Content: 34 Texas A & M 7 Michigan 35 Arizona 6 Michigan State 20 Washington 10
    Mississippi 26 Memphis State 17 M ontanaa 20 N. Illinois 7 Notre Dame 48
    Northwestern 12 Ohio U 21 Kent State 13 Oklahoma 34 Wisconsin ^ 13 Oregon 38
    Illinois 7 Oregon State 21 Iowa

Heading: O
Content: Penn State 40 Navy 0 Purdue 27

Heading: T.C.U.
Content: 13 Rutgers 26 Lafayette 13 San Diego St. 29 North Texas 17 Southern Cal 27
    Nebraska 21 Stanford 40 San Jose State 0 Texas 29 California 0 Texaas Tech
    21 Kansas 16

Heading: U.C.L.A.
Content: 28 Pittsburgh 6 Vanderbilt 37 The Citadel 7 Villanova 20 Boston College 15
    Deleware 31 G ettysburg 8 Lehigh 23 C W Post 7 Temple 21 Bucknell 14
    Wittenberg 38 California State 0 Baldwin-Wall. 26 Ashland

Heading: O
Content: 

Heading: Cash Reward
Content: Intramural director Richard Schumacher has announced that there is a need for
    intramural soccer officials. This year they' ll be paid for their services.
    If you are interested see Coach Schumacher at 206 Davis

Heading: Gym
Content: or call 1134.

Heading: CAM PUS
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: --  NOTE SH O W  TIMES:
Content: 

Heading: Friday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday --
Content: 

Heading: Saturday --  6:30 and 9:30
Content: 

Heading: M A war movie
Content: 

Heading: lor people
Content: 

Heading: who hate
Content: 

Heading: >>war movies!"
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: 

Heading: --Rex Reed.
Content: Holiday Magazine

Heading: 7:45
Content: 

Heading: 2cv
Content: COLOR IT DELUXE* moto cuno m m M<< MtWM #<<WOWW>>-!

Heading: PATTO N
Content: a rank

Heading: M
Content: c

Heading: C
Content: arthy -

Heading: FRANKLIN I. SCHAFFNER
Content: PNOOUCnON _______ i

Heading: STARTING WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23
Content: 

Heading: RB88t88
Content: 

Heading: Homecoming Queen Nominees
Content: The nominees for the 1970 Homecoming Queen are as follows: 1st row, I to r:
    Debbie Compte, Arne Hnigh, Renee Ronyecs. 2nd row, 1 to r: Veda Ward, Jeanne
    Kramer, Barb Schnure, Sue Conn, Sandie Ould, Cindy Bland. Missing from the
    picture is Heidi Blair. Voting for the queen will take place Friday at the
    cafeterias. (photo by Tom Haggerty)

Heading: The Gleanlings
Content: Sonja Zarek, half of the world-famous Gleanlings duo, will be per forming
    throughout the Colloquy weekend. Included among the Clean- ling's
    appearances will be a midnight concert, an outdoor chapel service, and
    several workshops.

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO.
Content: 

Heading: 4
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 22, 1970
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Phi Lambda Theta Builds House;
Content: 

Heading: Construction Begins January, 71
Content: By NICKI DREW The alumni of Phi Lambda Theta have announced plans for the build
    ing of a new house on Fraternity Row between Sigma Phi Epsilon and the
    University Observatory. Construction work, which is scheduled to begin in
    1971, will go on for approximately six to eight months. It is hoped that the
    new house will be ready for habitation by next September. Funds for the
    building were ob tained by the 514 members of Phi Lam's alumni chapter after
    an extensive period of money-raising. First priority will be the actual
    living area, which will be designed around the needs of an entirely new
    active chapter. Because it is probably the next-to-last frater nity to build
    a new house, Phi Lam will have the opportunity to benefit from the living
    problems faced by other fraternities. The question of women members is
    another which the alumni are considering with respect to the building of the
    new house. Although Phi Lambda Theta has been open to women for the last few
    years, it will pledge only men this fall. How ever, tlie alumni are open to
    the question of inducting women in the future, and are interested in de
    signing the physical facilities of the house around the possibility of
    coeducational living. Phi Lambda Theta, which by mutual agreement,
    disaffiliated from its active chapter last spring, has .traditionally
    occupied a large house on Saint George Street. Al though there are no
    undergraduate members at present, the alumni are in the process of re-
    building an active chapter.

Heading: New Senate Panel
Content: v' This is a schematic drawing of the new proposal for a University Senate which
    was debated by the faculty last night. (See faculty story). This effort
    involves thirty-five alumni in five surounding states, who spent the summer
    discussing the fraternity with freshmen in their respective communities.
    Small groups of them come to Lewisburg on week-ends to con tinue these
    discussions with inter ested students. Because thare are no active members
    of the fraternity, accord ing to Melvin Woodward, Chairman of the Re-
    Organizational Commit tee, it is essential to consider its communications
    with freshmen as discussions, and not as "rushing". There are no formal rush
    func tions, only informal meetings at private homes and restaurants. Mr.
    Woodward describes the re- organizational efforts as success- ful, claiming
    that Phi Lam's lack of active members is more than outweighed by the freedom
    and lower costs of a local fraternity and the opportunity to influence the
    designing of the new house. In addition, it offers the chance to form a
    completely new fratern ity with funds already raised by the alumni. In the
    words of Mr. Woodward, "I see no reason why we can't continue to be a strong
    force for good at Bucknell." "I am encouraged," he contin ued, "by the
    amount of thought the freshmen are giving fraterni ties this year. Their
    questions in dicate a much better understand ing of the strengths and weak
    nesses of fraternities than any class I've seen."

Heading: October Vote Urged
Content: 

Heading: Senate Debate Continues
Content: By G. PETER BALAKIAN Discussion and debate as a com mittee of the whole marked
    the University faculty's first special meeting to discuss the new pro posal
    for a University Senate. The session produced no votes on the document but
    left most obser vers optimistic about chances for a final vote on the Senate
    at the faculty's meeting in October. Since final ratification is only
    possible at a regularly scheduled meeting of the faculty, another special
    meeting will be held next Monday at 4:45 p.m. The faculty will meet again as
    a committee of

Heading: PennDOT Youth Advisor
Content: 

Heading: Ivor F. Lewis, an engineering major here, is now serving as a Youth Ad
Content: 

Heading: visor to the recently-formed Pennsylvania Transportation Commission.
Content: 

Heading: Appointed by Governor Raymond P. Staler in conjunction with his pro
Content: 

Heading: gram of inviting youth participation in governmental decision-making,
Content: 

Heading: Lewis was an interested observer at the September 9 Harrisburg session
Content: 

Heading: of the Commission, whic determines programming and priorities of
Content: 

Heading: PennDOT's improvement program. Lewis is pictured above with Governor
Content: 

Heading: Shafer; PennDOT Secretary Victor W. Anckaitis, left; and Dr. Thomas
Content: 

Heading: D. Larson, Pennsylvania State University, chairman of PennDOT's Ad
Content: 

Heading: visory Committee.
Content: 

Heading: Colloquy Schedule
Content: 'Editor's Note: The following is a list of events for Thursday and Friday of
    Colloquy weekend. For a brief description of all guests, see page 3.
    Thursday, September 24 All day-- "An Environment Conducive to 'Adult' Play"
    --Academic Quadrangle 7:00 p.m.--Drug Rehabilitation Discussion (Odyssey
    House reps.)-- New Dorm Pit 8:00 p.m.--"Technology Plus--A Perspective for
    the '70's"--Gordon Van Weylen lecture--Olin Science Auditorium "A Man For
    All Seasons" (Class of '71)--'Vaughan Lit. Aud. 10:00 p.m.--Informal
    discussion with people from Odyessey House--New Dorm Pit Friday, September
    25 1:00 p.m.--"Principles of Christian Meditation"--Irene Hughes Work shop-
    New Dorm Formal Living Room "Principles of Hatha Yoga Meditation"--William
    Tontsch Workshop--Larison Lounge 1:30 p.m.--"What is Outward Bound?"--Murray
    Durst (film and discus sion) 2:30 p.m.--Irene Hughes (see above)--New Dorm
    Formal Living Room William Tontsch (see above)--Larison Lounge Panel:
    "Government, Business, Labor: Synthesis or Stale mate"--Bob Evans, Lillian
    Roberts, and Edward Howard-- Roberts Lounge 3:00 p.m.--"Essence & Meaning of
    the Vietnamese Revolution"--Tran Van Dinh--Vaughan Lit. Aud. Community
    Action Workshop--Ed Pitts--Dana 203A 3:30 p.m.--"Science & The Psychic Mind"
    (followed by three seminars on reincarnation, dreams, and meditation)--New
    Dorm Pit Panel: "The Value of A Clean World"--Euell Gibbons and Murray Durst
    --on quad (Lambda Chi if rain) 4:00 p.m.--"The Role of Humanistic Psychology
    in the Realization of Human Potential" Dan & Bonnie Sillers--Roberts Lounge
    Note: This schedule is subject to change. the whole at that time, to
    facilitate debate on the document. As a Committee of the whole the faculty
    will be able to dispense with Robert's Rules of Order and discuss the entire
    document at one time. Amendments brought up will be voted on informally and
    the appropriate changes made in the document. At last night's meeting a
    spokes man for the committee which pre pared the new proposal, Dr. Ralph
    Spielman, professor of Sociology and Anthropology, began the meet ing by
    explaining the attempts of the committee and the essential difference
    between this proposal and that of last year. Dr. Spiel- man was emphatic in
    saying that this new document "is more than just a patchwork of the original
    proposal and does include new in novations." The primary changes in this new
    proposal include: (1) the establishment of the role of the faculty as
    autonomous over (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Survey Seeks Ideas
Content: 

Heading: On Black Proposals
Content: By STEPHEN WYATT The Black Studies Subcommittee of the Curriculum Committee,
    chaired by Dr. Harvey Powers, is issuing a questionnaire to univer sity
    students and faculty concern ing their opinions on the unfolding Afro-
    American Studies Program. Devised by the committee as a means of discovering
    the various attitudes toward black studies with in the campus community, it
    will determine the amount of knowledge already present and collect sug
    gestions for future improvement in the curriculum. The questionnaire is to
    be divid ed into two parts, one primarily concerned with the faculty and the
    other with student response. The faculty questionnaire, which will be
    returned to the committee, is basically an inquiry into the number and types
    of courses pre sently offered and where possible other openings may be
    found. The student questionnaire will be circulated by the ABS and will
    concern itself with the degree of exposure to afro-american courses
    (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: pH
Content: 

Heading: etters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: The 'Moan'
Content: Editor's Note: Our policy is not to print letters unless we know the author.
    Names will be withheld upon request, and anonymity is pledged to those
    writing " personal" on the outside of the mailing enve lope. Dear Sir: As a
    Milton Resident, I have al ways read your Campus Calendar with great
    interest. I was recently amazed, however, to see that on Thurs., Sept. 24,
    an ALL CAMPUS MOAN is scheduled as a campus wide activity. I had always
    thought of Bucknell as a trend setter as a leader in the world of coffee
    cups and cor duroys. But it is evident that you university is nothing m ore
    than a trite copy of the m ore prestigous Ivy League schools. I sometimes
    wonder why I don't see an article in the BUCKNELLIAN about a WVBU Twist
    contest in that ob scene co-ed Quad sandwiched be- twixed the thighs of
    Kress and Trax Hall. But to be m ore precise (as we all m ust), to the
    educated Ameri can, the arrival of the ALL CAMP US MOAN is nothing but a
    dull repetition of the 1958 Regional Moan at Princeton, or the never to

Heading: ABS Notes
Content: Students are needed to serve on three m ore faculty committees. The Admissions
    Committee needs five m ore students from  any class es, the student affairs
    committee needs 4 members and the cirricu- lum committee of the college of
    arts andsciences needs a freshman sophomore and a junior. filterest sheets
    for any of these positions may be obtained in the Dean of Student Affairs
    office and must be returned no later than Wednesday September 23 at noon. If
    you have any ideas about set ting up new com m ittees or are in terested in
    working on one, send your name to Box B476 or call the ABS office, 3150. Two
    positions are now open on the Board of Review of Academ ic Responsibility.
    Anyone interested in the position should fill out an interest sheet from
    the dean of student affairs office. Interest sheets must be returned by Wed
    nesday Sept. 23 at noon.

Heading: B u c k n e l l i a n
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1887. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member of
    Associated CoUegiate Press. Annual subscription, <<JO , payaMc to ad vance.
    Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the post office at
    Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1878.

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: BILL UVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any Issue and take a stand we deem In the beet Interest of the
    University, to treat every Issue with toe responsibility ^  " cconted us in
    a free society to be constructively critical when necessary as well as
    laudatory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and In
    tegrity. Editorials appearing on this page reflect the majority opinion of
    the editorial board and that of the editors. Signed columns present the
    vlewa only of the authors. be forgotten " Moan of 69" . The " Moan of 69" ,
    you m ay remem ber, began in New York and spread uncontrollably throughout
    the East ern Seaboard until it was delayed by a traffic jam  in
    Hackettstown. But think of your country friends, and our present dilem m a
    with the kids of today. Do you think we want to hear your moans? Do you
    think that at 10:00 next Thursday we want the restless moan of to day's
    youth to disturb the sleeping minds of Tom orrow's Republicans? Surely there
    must be som e other way you grungy little rich kids can express yourselves.
    How about taking over the Student Union (be fore it takes over you). . . .
    Really, friends, is this the time for moaning and groaning? I say bring a
    little laughter into the world- Be creative, don't follow the crowd and moan
    like all the other Ivy League guys. Try to snicker when people ask you about
    the Student Union or the University Housing Staff. . .pretend you have great
    sympathy for ignorance. . . And about this dope situation. Well no need to
    moan it from  the rooftops. Our buildings aren't so thick that we can't sm
    ell those moans rushing through the pipes. Just keep it out of the public
    room s, and dn the high schools. At least there are no worms in my house for
    all you Fraternity men to moan in. The Am erican Flag is still fly ing high,
    regardless of who's tug ging at the cord. So the next time you plan on
    borrowing an ALL

Heading: CAMPUS
Content: 

Heading: MOAN
Content: from another school think about the little guy who brings the New York Times to
    your door, and what's going to happen when your selfish moan ing upsets his
    rickety red wagon. Sincerely, A1 Stevens R.D. No. 1, Milton

Heading: Trains
Content: All letters should be addressed to the Editor, and must be received no later
    >>ban Saturday noon for publication in the Tuesday edition and Wecrne* day
    noon for publication in the Friday edition. AU letters must be signed and
    typed double-spaced: however, name>> may be withheld upon request. The
    Editor reserves the right to choose all letters for publication, and to edit
    any letter chosen for reasons of space restrictions, grammatical change and
    offensive language. R E P R E S E N T E D  F O R  N A T IO N A L . A O V E R
    T IS IN O  B Y

Heading: National Educational Advertising Services
Content: A  D IV IS IO N  O F - R E A D E R 'S  D IG E S T  S A L E S  fit S E R V IC E S
    . IN C . ______ 3 6 0  L e x in g to n  A v e ., N e w  Y o rk , N .Y .
    10017 Office: Foehl Pristina Co., 228 Market Street. 523-4221 Consultant:
    Brad Tofts. 524-1221

Heading: From the Editor's Desk
Content: .B y PAUL OSHER. From  the Editor's Desk " An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge,"
    is one of Ambrose Bierce's short stories which will com e to the Hilltop
    screen this Friday. Partly because Bierce goes down as a saint in my book,
    but mostly because this film  version of his story captures som e beautiful
    moments in life, I recommend it highly to all. Written and directed by
    Robert Ehrico, the m ovie has won the Cannes Film Festival Grand Prix,
    Journees Inter nationales de Tours, Rencontre Internationale de Film s pour
    la Jeunes- se, and the Academ y Award. * * * Quote of the Week - " It should
    be a good year for fraternities; this freshman class is conservative."  -
    overheard at an Interfraternity Council meeting on Tuesday, September 15,
    1970. Editorial Board meets on Friday at 6 p.m . in the Pit of New Dorm.
    Check out Colloquy this weekend. To the Editor: We are sincerely indebted to
    those individual ( s) who reestab lished the traditional Lionel Line on the
    Bucknell campus. Ray Daly Bill Whitehead Jim Ferguson

Heading: Happenings. . .
Content: 

Heading: Concert Tickets
Content: Season tickets for the Concert series will be sold at the bookstore until Sept.
    26. Individual tickets for the M iles Davis Concert are al so on sale.

Heading: Please!
Content: The Archives Department of the Library, requests that a copy of all student
    publications be given to them during the school year.

Heading: The Book Report
Content: By MARIAN J. PAYACK EDITOR'S NOTE: THE BOOK REPORT will appear regularly in The
    Bncknellian. Us purpose is to provide an outlet for those who wish to call
    the attention of the university community to literary works of interest. THE
    DAY OF THE DOLPHIN By Robert Merle Translated by Helen Weaver 318 pages.
    Greenwich: Fawcett Crest Paperback. $.95 " Saigon, January 4, 1973 (UPI) The
    U S. cruiser 'Little Rock' destroyed by atom ic explosion off Haiphong. No
    survivors." Couched within a fascinating story of Man's discovery of an
    other species of intelligent life (in the least expcted of all places - here
    on Earth) is a fictional yet frightening account of the American reaction to
    the above telegrammed event. Robert Merle has skill fully illustrated the
    inadequacies of Man's evolutionary vestiges in the age of atom ic energy.
    His appraisal of Am erican reactions under pressure is particularly
    noteworthy since Merle is a Frenchman. Day of the Dolphin concerns the
    efforts of a cetologist, Profes sor Sevilla, to establish verbal
    communication with the Tursiops Truncatus -- the Bottle-Nose Dolphin. Aided
    by the mammal's ex treme friendliness and the similarity of the dolphin's
    brain to that of the human, Sevilla is able to train two dolphins to speak.
    The dolphins are eager to converse with men whom they consider their gods.
    The dolphins, who love Man and believe in his goodness, are distressed upon
    their discovery that Man also dies. Although Seville's interest is purely
    scientific there are, in evitably, other U.S. agencies concerned with the
    military exploita tion of the dolphins. It is their eventual use in
    underwater warfare which teaches the dolphins that men kill. The ensuing
    despair of the dolphins borders on the existential. But before the dolphins
    realize the plans of Man, they unknowingly plant the atomic bomb with which
    we begin this review. The American reaction to the crisis was, as Merle sees
    it, typical: " A race of omnipotent gods attacked on their Olympus by an
    inferior species could not have been m ore suprised, more hor rified . . .
    or m or certain of annihilating their assailants in short order." The
    destruction was attributed to the Red Chinese. There was, however, an
    aversion to thinking of the Chinese people as human beings. The cry was for
    immediate reprisals aimed at " Vital Centers" since the word " city"
    suggested the millions of people about to die. The " Chinks" and "
    Yellowbellies"  were guilty of three fundamental sins: They were yellow,
    they were little, and they were communist. The most confirmed doves becam e
    unassailably patriotic. M erle's counterpart of a southern demagogue stated,
    " I won't sleep peacefully until our rockets have turned Communist China
    into one big parking lot."  And typically, few voices were raised in intel
    lectual search for a reasonable solution. In summation, Merle has produced a
    perceptive piece of fiction which can be analyzed on a number of different
    levels. Being both light and quick, I especially recommend it for
    recreational yet educational reading.

Heading: Former Inmate Speaks Out
Content: 

Heading: Political Prisoners in Federal Prison
Content: Editor's N ote: The following ar ticle, written by a form er inmate, is the
    second part of an article that appeared last Friday in

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN.
Content: By A REVOLUTIONARY The Prisoner has no rights To review, therefore, the nation
    al purpose is to stabilize and ex pand a predatory economy which enriches 6%
    of the world's people by controlling nearly 60% of the w orld's wealth. That
    is the dom inate concern of dom estic and for eign policy; that is the
    fundamental there underlying culture, education, religion, local and
    national political life. Not only are profits politics, profits are m ores,
    ethnics, m orality and religion. Under such a universaling of self and
    special interest fixiations one cannot very well expect a penal system  to
    accom m odate realisti cally those who have disrupted com m ercial processes
    by their crim es (ordinary prisoners), or op- pose it by civil disobediences
    ( revolutionaries ). The penal atmosphere into which a political prisoner
    steps is coercive to a high degree. No longer does he possess rights of free
    speech and association--talking responsible politics or acting responhibly
    poli tically will outlaw him. Ordinarily he cannot seek out or meet with
    those sharing his views or open to them. Authorities censor his m ail both
    ways and frequently lim it it to members of his fam ily. Visits from  those
    militants with whom he might have worked outside are strictly forbidden. He
    cannot write politically without censorship, an unfreedom he invariably
    rejects. In effect he is a citizen without rights, a man temporarily without
    a coun try -- he who has perform ed the lofty service of unflinchingly and
    expensively pointing out his coun try's crim es aand mistakes. He has dared
    to be his nation's conscience and its reward for that has been ostracism , a
    moratorium on his

Heading: PAG E TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: SEPTEMBER 22, 1970 liberty and very likely a stigma which he will bear
    indefinitely. Pragm atically, the power struc ture and the society cannot
    allow any other fate for its serious cri tics. M orally it must, or history
    will write its epitaph. Yet this na tion gives no evidence that it will
    allow itself the salutary luxury of serious political criticism . When it
    becom es serious to the point of be com ing threatening, it is simply
    crushed -- by police action, by the bench, and in prisons. Periodically, the
    federal penal system boasts of the liberal char acter of its policy, of the
    steady progress " rehabilitative"  measures -- educational facilities,
    opportuni ties for skills and trades, outlets for earning power in industry
    and work-release program s, etc. But in these key areas of human rights
    without which men stagnate and grow in desperation, the reality is frozen
    and depressing. And in application to political prisoners the net effect of
    policy and practice is to break the will of all except the m ost hardy. More
    to the concrete, the social deviant in prison cannot read what he prefers --
    " radical"  journals are not allowed; he cannot talk freely with others or
    with those of similar persuasions; he cannot hold political meetings, even
    of a speculative nature let alone of an organiationzal type; he cannot see
    visitors of suspect political belief, nor can he write them legally; he
    cannot write what he thinks or publish his convictions. He is a ward of
    Mother State and subject to her power, vulnerable to her whims.

Heading: CONCLUSION
Content: To paraphrase the cultural, in stitutional and political reality to which
    political prisoners must re late ------- he has rebelled, or prom ises to
    rebel, against the most pow erful and cohesive bureaucracy in history, which
    despite its surface ideology of human rights, is radi cally conservative. He
    has, by his intentions, words and actions, be com e an enemy of the State
    and not merely its political side since the superstate today is econom ic
    and military as well as political. Now, we have previously assum ed the role
    of institutionalied jus tice is ultimately to preserve and enhance the
    econom ic life of em pire -- it is to preserve property and people insofar
    as they contri bute to com m ercial health. The political prisoner has chal
    lenged the assumptions of capital ism through a very basic position. "
    Justice", therefore can react to him in two possible, if unlikely ways: (1)
    it can recognie non-vio lent civil disobedience as a right im plicit in the
    Declaration of In dependence and in the Bill of Rights; (2) it can punish
    political prisoners while making concessions to their unique qualities,
    making penal provision for partial expres sion of right and conviction; it
    can do what it now does -- punish them extravagantly for their beliefs and
    service. Practically, it can do nothing else, The capitalist state has too
    many inherent contradictions to be uncontradictory relative to those who
    point out, at great expense to themselves, its contradictions.

Heading: Colloquy: Focus on 'Human Potential'
Content: 

Heading: INTERPERSONAL ENCOUNTER
Content: Riverside Community - Carmen McBean is bringing ten or eleven Riversiders -
    Carmen McBean is bringing ten counter sessions and sensitivity training
    these persons strive for interpersonal communication. Dan and Bonnie Sillers
    - From  Washington, D.C. and Fed eral City College, these humanistic
    psychologists have participated in sensory awareness experiences non verbal
    communication workshops, Gestalt therapy, and encounter experiences with
    Carl Rogers. Both have been to the Esalen Institute.

Heading: POLITICAL ACTION
Content: Tran Van Dinh - Outspoken opponent of Am erican involve ment in Vietnam,
    guerrilla fighter against France, Viet namese diplomat, journalist, author
    and professor '(SUNY) Edward L. Howard - Candidate for Pennsylvania State
    Senator.

Heading: PSYCHIC PHENOMENA
Content: Irene Hughes (ESP) - Fam ed psychic prophet, Chicago- based, concern with
    personal and political events. Know the Future Today is book about her.
    Herbert Puryear - Ph. D. Duke, Clinical Psychologise, re nowned dream
    analyst. Associated with Edgar Cayce Institute. (Association for Research
    and Enlightenment.) Fred Schiavo - Hypnotist interested in the achievement
    of self-understanding through hypnosis.

Heading: BUSINESS AND LABOR
Content: Bob Evans - President of IBM 's Systems Development Di vision. Tinian Roberts -
    Associate Director for Organization for the Am erican Federation of State,
    County, Mid Munici pal Em ployees, AFL-CIO. ENVIRONMENT and NATURE Euell
    Gibbons - Quaker author famed for his writings about edible wild fruits and
    vegetables. Murray Durst - Executive Director of Outward Bound pro gram.

Heading: COLLEGE ADMINISTRATION
Content: Charles Pierce - Executive assistant to President at Up- Dan Sillers - (see
    above) Form er college president.

Heading: LAW
Content: Prof. Louis Lusky - Columbia Law School. Specializes in constitutional law. Also
    wide experience in m ilitary law.

Heading: EASTERN RELIGIONS AND MEDITATION
Content: Tran Van Dinh - (see above) Will discuss Confucianism, Taoism , and Buddhism. W
    illiam Tontsch - Teacher of Hatha Yoga, (planning med itation workshops)

Heading: RELIGION AS WORLD COMMUNITY
Content: Charles Seeburger - Swarthmore librarian, and a  guide in the Bahai faith. Accom
    panied by Earl Falls, another follower of Bahai.

Heading: RACE RELATIONS
Content: Rev. Phil Linden - Black priest revolutionary whom church hierarchy considers
    too radical. Rev. Brian McCormick - Priest who organized Project
    Understanding (interracial discussion groups).

Heading: CHANGE
Content: Rev. John Nelson - Pittsburgh Seminary professor who sees theology as
    revolution.

Heading: RESISTANCE
Content: Sister Elizabeth M cAllister - Catholic leftist active in fight against the
    draft. Rev. Phil Linden (see above) - His parish a center for draft
    resistance.

Heading: MIXED MEDIA
Content: Roger wannay - U. of North Carolina professor of music and composer. Jackson
    Hill - B.U. professor of music and com poser. Don Evans - Avant-garde film
    maker and professor from Tennessee. Hannay, Hill and Evans combining in
    mixed- media show. MUSIC and DANCE " The Gleanlings"  - James Clouser and
    Sonja Zarek in four day residence. She a com poser, singer, guitarist. He a
    dancer, choreographer, and singer. Planning per form ances and workshops,
    including an " Urge to Dance" session for those who like movement but who
    have never danced.

Heading: INTERROGATIVE ART
Content: James Lee Byars - Exciting New York artist (has been featured in TIME and other
    publications) who creates art experience and who is an art experience in
    himself.

Heading: THE ART OF WRITING
Content: Martin Dibner - Maine artist-author who has written novels (seven published by
    Doubleday) including The Deep Six; also commentator on arts, book reviewer,
    film s, and m ore.

Heading: YOUTH SERVICE AND GUIDANCE
Content: Ed Pitts - Director of the Hanover (Pa.) Project. Com munity action program run
    by and for high school-age youth. Dr. Mary Gilmore - Ohio county
    administrator of drug counseling and m edical aid service for youth. Rev.
    Brian McCormick (see above) - Also in W oodgridge area helped establish
    Youth House. We also expect two to four students who completed sum m er tour
    as U.N. - W.U.S: representatives on special assignment to Latin Am erica. In
    coordination with Colloquy, the I.F.C. w ill sponsor a psychologist and two
    form er drug addicts from  Odessy House (drug rehibilitation center).

Heading: INVITATION TO A MIND-STRETCHING
Content: . James Lee Byars, who calls him self " The Philosopher of the City of Boston"
    and " D irector of the World Ques tion Center,"  is an artist in residence
    at Jurson Institute *in New York City. This exciting man posesses an un
    inhibited imagination and fantastic energy, which have helped him to create
    various experiences at the univers ities he has visited. Byars' projects
    require student participation which he needs during his stay at Bucknell.
    His visits to the University of Minnesota and several other schools pro
    voked great excitem ent among students, who then made their committment to
    his projects. We of Colloquy Com m ittee and James Lee Byars think this
    experience can happen here. The best way for Mr. Byars to communicate his ex
    citem ent to you is to meet you personally and to talk about his project. If
    you're interested, call Barb Gladding at 1778 or at the CA at 1217 this
    evening or tomorrow. Mr. Byars is arriving Tuesday afternoon and w ill meet
    with you sometime on Wednesday. Help. Help make Colloquy. The Colloquy
    Central Committee needs your help. If you have tim e, and energy to give,
    stop in the CA or call 1217. Special Features " H ie Gleanlings''--Friday
    midnight perform ance; Sun day morning chapel presentation; " The Urge to
    Dance" with James Clouser, Sunday at 3:00. Viewing of & Commentary on the
    Agnew Appearance on David Frost--Friday afternoon; commentator--Tran Van
    Dinh. Mixed-Media-Music Theatre--Friday night, co-ordinators-- Jack Hill,
    Roger Hannay, Don Evans. Martin Dibner Presentation--" Dilemma of the
    Idealist in a Violent and Materialist Society" M ovies--Truffout's" "
    Farenheit 451" Disney's " Alice in Wonderland" " Phantom of the Opera"  with
    Lon Chaney Wiseman's " Titicut Follies" A Natural Foods Walk with Euell
    Gibbons (also film  of his television documentary) Outward Bound Film--
    Murray Durst Happening--" An Environment Conducive To 'Adult' P lay,"  co-
    ordinator-Libby Dodd Meditation Sessions with Irene Hughes--Friday afternoon
    Open Seminars with Dr. Puryear--" Science and the Psychic Mind" " Psychology
    of Reincarnation" " Psychology of Dreams" " Psychology of Meditation"
    Linden-McAllister Presentation--" Civil Disobedience: Hu manism in an
    Inhuman Society" Odyessey House Presentation--Thursday night Miles Davis and
    " It's A Beautiful Day"  in Concert--Satur day night.

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Dr. Joseph Fell
Content: This Wednesday, at 8:00 p.m ., in Coleman 102A, Associate Professor of
    Philosophy Joseph Fell will give a lecture on " What is Philosophy" . The
    speech is being given as part of the class of 1956 lectureship series. Just
    returned from Germany where he was studying Martin Heidegger, Fell is the
    author of a book

Heading: EMOTION
Content: 

Heading: IN
Content: 

Heading: T H E
Content: 

Heading: Faculty Meeting
Content: 

Heading: THOUGHT OF JEAN-PAUL SAR
Content: 

Heading: TRE.
Content: 

Heading: Computers
Content: There will be an organizational meeting of the Association for Computing
    Machinery tonight, Sept. 22, at 8:00 p.m. in 228 Dana. A slide presentation
    describing the Freas-Rooke Computer Center will be given. Everyone is welcom
    e to attend. Refreshments w ill be served.

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: The Bison be Wednesday, September 23 1-30 p.m . " The Exkursions" 5-30 p.m .
    Student-Faculty Picnic sponsored by Indigo (In case of rain, Tusfcin
    Gymnasium) Tustrn Gym Field 8:00 pm. Class of 1956 Lecture: Prof. Joseph P.
    Fell, "What is Philosophy?" Coleman Hall 102A Thursday, September 24 4:45
    p.m . 8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 9:00 p.m. 10:00 p.m. Catholic Mass College of
    Engineering Lecture: Dean Gordon Van Wey- len " Technology Plus - A
    Prospective for the '70s Olin Science Aud. Class of 1971 Film : " A Man For
    All Seasons" Vaughan Lit. Aud " ICHTHUS"  (Inform al Worship) All Campus
    Moan Friday, September 25 Resident Colloquy 6-30 p.m . Jewish Services 8:00
    p.m . Hilltop: " King and Country"

Heading: LEWISBURG INN
Content: Luncheon--12:00 to 2:00 Dinner 5:30 to 8:00 pm . Sunday Dinner 12:00 to 2:30
    only __ Early Am erican Atmosphere-- 101 Market Street, Lewisburg, Pa.

Heading: CLOSED MONDAY
Content: Rooke Chapel The Campus Meditation Chapel Vaughan Lit. Aud.

Heading: Indigo Picnic
Content: Indigo is supporting a Student-Fac ulty Picnic, to be held Wednesday, September
    23, outside Tustin Gym. Indigo will pay the bill for those students who do
    not have meal tick ets and students who have meal tickets MUST bring them,
    as meal tickets must be punched. Every one is welcome.

Heading: Black Studies
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) offered by the University in addi tion to opinions as
    to the desir ability and suggestions on how to implement these courses. It
    will be returned to the ABS where hopefully other action will follow. The
    questionnaire has been de signed to allow maximum individ ual freedom of
    expression. The committee mem bers involved in designing it have stated
    their strong desire to have the whole campus community participate. It was
    felt that this would provide background information vital to the development
    of a strong Afro- American Studies Program. (Continued from  Page 1)
    curriculum and instruction and a greater clarification of the faculty's
    function, (2) an arbitration process designed as a mediator between Faculty,
    Senate, and students to facilitate the movement of issues which may come to
    a stalem ate, and (3) criteria for eligibility of students, which favors
    only ex perienced students in becoming Senate members. Dr. Spielman
    continued, adding that the proposed Senate is not in tended to be a coercive
    body, but a recommending body and a func tional body. " Functions"  he stres
    sed, " are m ore important than highly organized structures of au- thority."
    Dr. John Peeler, Profes sor of Political Science, and mem ber of the
    Committee, felt that this was a " superior proposal to the May docum ent and
    seemed to be more efficient than the earlier pro posal because it posesses a
    strong er centralized body." From this point discussion moved from  specific
    questions concerning topics such as the intercollegiate athletic program
    and its relation to the budget recommending power of the new Senate, to gen
    eral topics such as the relation ship between the Senate, the Presi dent of
    the University and the Trustees. ^ W W W W J >> >> << << * * * << * >> * *
    << * * * *

Heading: "Even the finest arms
Content: 

Heading: are an
Content: 

Heading: instrument of
Content: 

Heading: evil, A spread of plague."
Content: 

Heading: --Laotzu
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 11:00 A.M. SUNDAY

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: 

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: Mr. a id  Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone:
    524-9426 Area Code 717 A sm all fee is charged

Heading: T R A I L  R I D E S
Content: 

Heading: Horses leave every
Content: 

Heading: evening 6:30, Monday
Content: 

Heading: through Thursday
Content: 

Heading: Call 523-0413
Content: 

Heading: LIGGETT'S
Content: 

Heading: RIDING STABLE
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: FOR SALE
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: --R A C E
Content: 

Heading: C A R -
Content: 

Heading: 396.375 hp., Automatic, 488, guages, Keystone Mags,
Content: 

Heading: M & H Slicks, Runs high l l 's or low 12's,
Content: 

Heading: at 115. Professional throughout
Content: 

Heading: MUST SELL--Preparing new Camero. -- Car Could
Content: 

Heading: easily be made streetable.
Content: 

Heading: DAVE CARPENTER 3013
Content: 

Heading: Here are the facts about the new
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: Begins:
Content: 

Heading: SEPTEMBER 27,1970
Content: 

Heading: Deliveries: Hot Pizza from the kitchen of
Content: 

Heading: GARY'S FARMHOUSE
Content: 

Heading: Made by Kate--Tony's Original Pizza Maker
Content: 

Heading: BOTH SIZES--BUT NO SPECIALS
Content: 

Heading: Deliveries: Sunday --  Thursday nights
Content: 

Heading: 11:00 p.m. --  Midnight
Content: 

Heading: Where: Sem & O ff Hill Frats delivered to
Content: 

Heading: New Dorm Lounge -- 11:00-11:15
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: Frosh Quad Delivered to Roberts
Content: 

Heading: Lounge 11:15 -- 11:30
Content: 

Heading: *  Swartz & Other Frats Delivered to
Content: 

Heading: Swartz Launge 11:30 --  11:45
Content: 

Heading: How To Order: Call Gary's at 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: Place order anytime. Include name, room and
Content: 

Heading: telephone numbers. Order must be received
Content: 

Heading: 20 minutes prior to delivery time.
Content: 

Heading: Cost: All Prices will be 20c above menu
Content: 

Heading: With on Charge for takeout and no tax.
Content: 

Heading: How To Pay: All Pizzas are C. O. D. at
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY AREAS
Content: SEPTEMBER 22, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: Ilf U
Content: mm ilu

Heading: K
Content: 

Heading: Temple Collects 'Old Shoe9;
Content: 

Heading: Baldwin
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: Wallace Next Foe
Content: Dave Boyer drills the Ball through the uprights fjor the Bisons lone score of
    the after- norm. The soccer style kicker con verted from 21 yards.
    throughout the rest of the quarter. Thus at the end of the first half, the
    score was knotted at 3-3, with the Thundering Herd definitely lo oking like
    the sharper of the two teams on the field. What happened in the Temple
    locker room will never be known, but whatever it was, it worked, be cause
    the Owls came out and drove 79 yards in four plays. The PAT was good, and
    the score, after 1:40 into the second half, was 10-3, Temple. The Old Shoe
    trophy which has been the object of the BU-Temple football rivalry for years
    has seen its last game. It has been retired in the psosession of Temple. It
    was at this point that the Bison gridders began to show real By BOB WENDEL
    The score was 10-3, the Old Shoe went to Temple, but the story of the game
    was all B.U. Three times the Herd had the ball inside the Temple 15, and
    once as close as the five, but was unable to score. On one of those sets
    Dave Boyer kicked a twenty-one yard field goal, but offensively the
    Thundering Herd was tip-toeing inside the Temple 20. Many things must be
    considered though, when looking at the effort Premier's squad made. Firstly,
    it was opening day for B.U., whereas the Owls already had one game be hind
    them. Secondly, this years offensive squad is mostly non-seniors. Few of the
    interior linemen are ac customed to each others moves to the extent that
    they are really op erating as a unit. This aspect of the team should improve
    quickly, as more experience is gained. The most uplifting segment of the
    game was the defense. In the first quarter, the Owls gained a total of only
    11 yards. Then in the second quarter, Temple drove to the B.U. six, but was
    stalled there; and had to settle for a fied goal. Temple gained only 43
    yards

Heading: ill
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: Greg Doviak unleashes a pass during Saturday's contest. Doviak's passing was a
    bright spot as he completed 20 out of 36 attempts.

Heading: Big Weekend of Football
Content: 

Heading: Features Stanford Victory
Content: Bison fullback Mitch Farbstein tries to elude a facemasking on an off-tackle
    run. The Herd had to settle for a 15-yard gain. This weekend's activities on
    the collegiate football scene saw vic- BUCKNELL vs. TMPLE Saturday,
    September 19, 1970 Memorial Stadium B ucknell Tem ple T otal F irst D owns
    .... -- 15 20 N u. A ttem pts R ushing 35 51 Y ards gained rushing .. 82 189
    Y ards lost rushing ....... 38 32 Passes com pleted, attem pted, intercepted
    ........... 21-37-0 15-30-1 Passing yardage ........... 178 172 T otal
    offense yardage 222 329 P unts-average ........... 6-35.7 6-34.8 No. P
    enalties yds. Penalized 5-64 8-77 No. fum bles-fum bles lost 4-2 2-2

Heading: Bison Standout
Content: 

Heading: Jim
Content: 

Heading: Cassidy: Sophomore Asset
Content: By JEFF QUINZER One of a trio of excellent var sity football receivers, with sen
    ior Paul Gilewicz and junior Jay Griffin, is sophomore flanker-de fensive
    halfback Jim Cassidy. Jim, one of the few Bisons to play both ways,
    recovered a fum ble on defense and made several important catches
    offensively in last Saturday's loss to Temple. His defensive recovery helped
    set up the Thundering Herd's lone score. Cassidy doesn't find playing of
    fense and defense overly taxing. "The coach usually gives me plenty of rest.
    I really like to play both ways," he said. Jam didn't begin his football
    career as either a flanker or a defensive halfback. In fact he has only
    played these positions one year previously. "In high school I was a tight
    end and a defensive end, but I was switched to a wide receiver as a freshman
    due to a lack of size." He also played defensive half back for the first
    time his fresh man season. Cassidy doesn't consider speed his greatest
    asset. "I run the forty yard dash in about 4.6 seconds but I rely main ly on
    running pass patterns well," he said. At 6 foot 2 inches and 180 pounds, Jim
    represents an imposing target for quarterback Greg Doviak. He thinks that
    his size, especially his height, is more of an aid on de fense, however. Jim
    Cassidy

Heading: ANY ONE INTERESTED
Content: 

Heading: in ushering at the
Content: 

Heading: CONCERT SATURDAY
Content: -- call--

Heading: R. GORDON at 523-5814
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: Cassidy credits Assistant Coach Larry Landini and senior Paul Gilewicz with
    being the most help ful in teaching him the job of a receiver. The Bison
    offense uses receivers much like running backs. Most pass plays are designed
    to gain five to ten yards. "We don't use deep patterns of ten, except in
    desperate situa tions," Jim added. Cassidy expects to find more zone
    defenses than man-to-man this year. In each defense, he feels, the receiver
    has a different objective. "In a zone, my job is to find open spaces, while
    in man-to-man coverage I try to beat my man." Despite a successful game
    statis tically, Jim was not happy with his performance Saturday. "When you
    don't win you can not be satisfied with your play," he said.

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ad$:-
Content: FOR SALE--rust colored carpet 15' 1 x 22' or parts thereof. In good tories by
    Stanford and Ole Miss as Archie Manning and Jim Plunkett vie for Heisman
    trophy considera tion. In the Ease, Penn State al lowed Navy a touchdown but
    won anyway, 55-7. A ir Force A labam ba A rizona State A rkansas B aylor A
    uburn Colgate Clem son Colorado F lorida T ulane G eorgia T ech H ouston T
    exas A&M M ichigan M ississippi M ontana N otre Dam e Ohio U. O klahom a
    Illinois O regon St. P en n  S tate P u rd u e R utgers S an Diego St. S
    tanford T exas UCLA V anderbilt B oston College 28 D elaw are L ehigh B ald
    win-W  all. 47 W yom ing 17 51 Va. Tech. 18 38 Colorado S tate 9 23 O klahom
    a St. 7 10 A rm y 7 33 So. M ississippi 14 26 B oston U. 21 27 V irginia 17
    16 Indiana 9 34 M ississippi St. 13 17 G eorgia 14 23 F lorida St. 13 44
    Syracuse 15 20 LSU 18 20 A rizona 9 47 M em phis St. 13 30 N. Illinois 6 35
    N orthw estern 14 24 K ent S tate 14 21 W isconsin 7 20 Oregon 16 24 Iow a
    14 55 Navy 7 15 TCU 0 41 L afayette 16 23 N. T exas St. 0 34 San Jose St. 3
    56 C alifornia 15 24 P ittsburgh 15 52 The C itadel 0 28 V illanova 21 34 G
    ettysburg 7 7 C.W. P ost 0 29 A shland 16 life. After taking the kickoff,
    B.U, drove 52 yards in seven plays, and seemed well on its way to a TD, but
    the Owls held, and four in- completed passes later Temple took over.
    However, the defense shone, and with fourth and 17, Temple was forced to
    punt. The Herd took over at the Temple 39, and again Dovi- A1I football
    photos by Bob Arnold. ak drove toward the end-zone. Un able to score again,
    Prender sent in the call for a fake field goal. Temple read the pley
    perfectly, and Giacomelli was dumped behind the line. Temple took over and
    proceeded to fumble away the ball to Ken Donahue, at the Owl 21. Again the
    Herd unable to capitalize on the Temple miscue. The rest of the game was out
    of B.U. control, and the game ended with the Owls driving for another score.
    The leading ground gainers for the Herd were Newman with 32 yards, Farbstein
    with 25, and Gia comelli with 22; while Joe Mesko was the workhorse for
    Temple with 67. Greg Doviak was easily the most impressive passer of the
    game, going 20 for 36, for 186 yards. Frank Dimaggio did the majority of the
    passing for the Owls, hit ting on 8 of 17, for 124 yards. The question
    remains, what about the rest of the season. A few things seem rather
    obvious. Dovdak's pas sing was the only thing that kept us in the ball game
    offensively, and unless the University develops a running attack, our
    successful pas sing days could be over. And as concerns our passing, anyone
    who saw the game will be hardpressed to recall more than five or six pass
    patterns which were productive. Although this was sufficient opening day, by
    the time B.U. meets Baldwin-Wallace this Saturday, their defense will know
    those plays by heart. It can only be said that unless Doviak can mix his
    plays better, and the line can provide the backs with more running room, it
    could be a long season. -----

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: SEPTEMBER 22, 1970 ' condition. Call 3170.

Heading: STARTING WEDNESDAY
Content: 

Heading: people'
Content: 

Heading: wood/tock
Content: '' starring Joan baez * jo<< cocker *  country Joe & the fish * crosby, stifls &
    nosh / orloguthri* * richi<< havens e jimihendrix e santana ejohn Sebastian
    estKHKMfta sly & the family stone* ten years after* the who * and 400,000
    other beautiful people.

Heading: afiimbyimichael wad leigh. produced by
Content: 

Heading: bob maurice
Content: 

Heading: * a wadleigh-maurice,
Content: 

Heading: ltd.
Content: 

Heading: production * technicolor(r)
Content: 

Heading: James Hammerlee Reflects on Various Aspects of Colloquy 7 0
Content: By DAVID HAMMER Feature Editor's Note: Mr. James Hammarlee, Director of the
    Office of Student Programs, is this Week's interview guest. Despite an ever-
    changing schedule, Mr. Ham merlee took time to offer some candid opinions on
    subjects as di verse as Colloquy, last year's strike activities, his
    backgroung at Yale Divinity School and his work at the University. * * #
    BUCKNELLIAN: Based on past experience, by what criteria would you
    distinguish a successful Col- lequy from a failure. HAMMERLEE: Colloquy, for
    many people, has been judged somewhat on involvement. But that's trickey,
    because it isn't that .people just attend something or show upi. Rather, the
    idea be hind Colloquy is for persons to be confronted with some new ideas
    and to test them in the light of some others. If that happens, it could be
    judged successful. B: What do you consider the main theme of this year's
    Fall Colloquy? H: The theme of Colloquy has been expressed by the committee
    in a number of ways, and it's still a little vague, I'm afraid. The phrases
    'Human Potential,' 'The Affirmation of the Positive,' have been in the minds
    of the committee since the beginning. And, to a cer tain extent, many of the
    visitors do represent a background of a training which indicates the ways
    they have seen human strengths, potentials, realized. But maybe it's easier
    to define what it isn't than what it is. It was an attempt to get away from
    a complete emphasis on the topical and political issues and to get into the
    more personal questions. B: In that light, do you consider this Colloquy
    less 'political' than past ones, and is that a good di rection to take? H:
    It's hard to say that it's a 'good' direction, if that is the di rection. In
    this time when the tre mendous issues are still very much political--the
    issues that have been with us for what seems like forever i.e., the war, our
    internal politics and all of these questions which are still Such overriding
    ones--it would be easier to get people in and re-hash some of the same
    questions. The intention of this Colloquy, though, was not to avoid those
    questions, but to bring, in a sense, a different perspective--to get a
    person ready individually to meet some of these problems. Therefore, it is
    not so 'unpolitical' as one might think. B: The argument has been for-
    (Continued on Page 5)

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 5
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25. 1970
Content: 

Heading: 'Che Buckntllian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Center Provides Assistance
Content: 

Heading: On Sex and Birth Control
Content: 

Heading: I Can See for Miles . . .
Content: Miles Davis, internationally acclaimed jazz trumpeter, will be appearing in
    concert tomorrow night at 8:30 p.m. in Davis Gym along with"It's a Beautiful
    Day." Tickets cost $4.50 and may be purchased at the door. By SUSAN PRESTON
    A group of concerned University students have set up a center to educate and
    assist students regard ing birth control. The center does not have a
    physical location on campus, but there are two tele phone numbers for a
    student to call if he or she wants information. The center has information
    on birth control methods and devices, veneral disease, legal counseling, and
    problem pregnancies. In late October they will sponsor a movie, Beyond
    Conception, concerning overpopulation and population con trol. They are also
    lining up doctors

Heading: Leshner Continues Research
Content: 

Heading: Psychology Prof. Receives Foundation Grant
Content: Dr. Alan Leshner, assistant pro fessor of psychology here, has been awarded two
    research grants total ing more than $40,000 and will ad minister ia third
    grant of $6,900 made to the University. A long-term grant of $35,343 was
    awarded to Dr. Leshner by the National Science Foundation for the study of
    behavioral mechanism of energy regulation. The grant will be used for the
    purchase of equip ment and supplies and for provid ing undergraduate
    students with the opportunity to work on the project. Professor Leshner's
    work con cerned with determining why or ganism exercises and why it cho oses
    its food the way that it does. The .theory on which this research is based
    suggests that animals en gage in these two behaviors pri marily to control
    the amount of fat in their bodies. Among the undergraduates who will work
    with Professor Leshner in this research are Donald H. Cohen, a senior John
    Gardner, a junior and Kirk A. Speicher, a senior. The second grant to Dr.
    Leshner is for $4,740 from the National In stitute of Mental Health and is
    for a one-year study of the role of the endoctrine system in behavioral
    mechanisms for energy regulation. The funds from the grant, which are
    intended to determine the long term feasibility of the project, will be used
    for the purchase of equip ment to set up a biochemistry lab at the
    psychology laboratory and for engaging undergraduate stu dents in the
    project. The same three students will work with Pro fessor Leshner on this
    project. . Professor Leshner will also di rect the administration of a
    $6,900 grant from the National Science Foundation to the department of
    psychology. The grant is for the purchase of equipment to add teach ing and
    student research in the fields of physiological psychology, child
    psychology, animal behavior, and human vision. The funds from the grant,
    which are matched by the University, will provide students with the op
    portunity to work with highly so phisticated equipment. Among the special
    items already installed are a three-field tachis to scope, two
    neurophysiology lab stations, and closed circuit television cameras and
    recorders. and nurses to speak on birth con trol. At the moment two students
    are serving as counselors and are will ing to talk to students with any
    problem in this area. For informa tion on problem pregnancies stu dents
    should call 524-0724 between 7-8 a.m. or 10 p.m. and ask for Karen or
    523-7524 and ask for Jeff. For information in any other area students should
    call the second number. Until a physical location can be established the
    phone cannot be manned 24 hours a day, but if there is no answer students
    should under stand that the situation is tempor ary and are urged to call
    back. There are tentative plans for a permanent office on campus. The
    students plan to approach the Uni versity about being included in a proposed
    "hotline" system, a ser vice which will offer information on a variety of
    subjects. The students have consulted with numerous local doctors in the
    area and have also been aided by Dr. Clayton Beechum, chairman of the
    gynecology-obstetrics department call if he or she wants informatino.
    Beechum has been instrumental in working on appealing the Pennsyl vania
    abortion laws.

Heading: Organizations Award
Content: 

Heading: Teaching Fellowships
Content: 

Heading: Colloquy Schedule
Content: The following is a list of this weekend's Colloquy events:

Heading: FRIDAY
Content: 3:00 p.m. "Hie Value of a Clean World"--seminar with Euell Gibbons and Murray
    Burst--Acadamic Quad (if rain Lambda Chi) followed by Gibbons' "Discovery"
    color film (24 Min.) "Foraging in Nature's Supermarket" "Science and the
    Psychic Mind"--Introductory lecture by Dr. Herbert Puryear--New Dom Pit
    "Civil Disobedience: Humanism in an Inhumane Society" --workshop with
    Elizabeth McAllister and Phil Linden-- Hunt Living Room 4:00 p.m.
    "Introduction to Gestalt Therapy"--seminar with Dan and Bonnie Sillers--
    Roberts Lounge "Is Our Educational System Obsolete?"--seminar with John
    Nelson, Edward Howard, Charles Pierce, andEd Pitts--Ed wards House Lounge
    4:30 p.m. Vice President Agnew debates students on the David Frost Show.
    (This debate will be one of the topics discussed by Tran Van Dinh at 8:00
    p.m.--Bison TV 7:00 p.m. Buffet diner for Colloquy guests and hosts--New
    Dorm Pit "Looking at E.S.P. and Astrology" with Irene Hughes --Vaughan Lit.
    Library (Continued on Page 4) By GINA SMITH Two scholarship organizations,
    the Woodrow Wilson National Fel lowship Foundation and the Insti tute of
    International Education, have announced annual scholar ship competitions for
    graduate and undergraduate students. Established in 1945, Woodrow Wilson
    Fellowships attract outstand ing young people to careers in col lege
    teaching. This year the foun dation will award Fellowships to 250 American
    and 50 Canadian stu dents. In addition 700 finalists will be designated and
    recommended to graduate schools of their choice for financial aid. An
    anticipated 10,000 students will be nominated for this honor by their
    professors. Students in the humanities and social sciences are eligible, as
    are those in the natural sciences and mathematics who demonstrate a clear
    interest in col lege teaching. Committees receive and read the nominee's
    application materials, in terview the most promising can didates and choose
    those who show the greatest promise of becoming outstanding college
    teachers. Can didates must be nominated by a faculty member no later than
    Oct. 31, 1970. The Institute of International Ed ucation recruits and
    screens can didates for US government awards under the Fulbright-Hays Act.
    It also administers grants offered by various foreign governments, uni
    versities and private donors. Ap proximately 554 awards will be of fered for
    the acalemic year 1971- 72. Candidates applying for an IIE award must be US
    citizen at the time of application, have a bache lor's degree or the
    equivalent be fore the beginning date of the grant and, in most cases, be
    proficient (Continued on Page 4) The students have set up this service
    because they feel there is a real need for it on campus. For this reason
    they have gone into operation without a permanent headquarters with the
    understand ing that this problem is only tem porary.

Heading: L'Agenda Postpones
Content: 

Heading: Publication Deadline
Content: The 1971 L'Agenda editor-in-chief, Sharon Baseley, announced today the change of
    publication date from Spring to late summer for this year's yearbook. The
    entire year will be covered by this edition, in cluding spring activities
    and grad uation. Formerly, the entire substance of the book was submitted to
    the publisher by mid-February of the year of plblieation. This omitted the
    final portion of the winter sports results, as well as all spring sports and
    spring activities from coverage. Copy on those activities was from the
    previous year. Because of the change in publi cation date, L'Agenda will be
    mail ed to the seniors' alumni addres ses submitted to the Alumni Of fice.
    The cost of mailing will be subsidized by L'Agenda. Upper classmen will
    receive their books in the early fall on campus. This alteration of yearbook
    ar rival-time is being made for two reasons. First, the L'Agenda staff feels
    that a yearbook should have all-inclusive coverage of the aca demic year.
    Secondly, there has been a financial deficit accumulat ed over the past
    three years. The late summer edition provides fi nancial savings over spring
    de livery, even after mailing costs to seniors. "This allows the staff to
    maintain the high standards of past L'Agenda publications and to pay a long-
    standing debt," accord ing to Miss Baseley.

Heading: LUR Nominees
Content: The following is a list of students running in the ABS Living Unit
    Representative election on Monday: New Dorm Don Thompson Bill McCarthy
    Robert Wendel Sue Bolstrum Mike Holoszyc Beth Wright Jenifer Hanlon John
    Lynch Lynda Roscoe Swartz Hall Dean Smith Bob Drake Neil Hendershot Gordon
    Fletcher John Wolff Jim Freeswick Karl Fritz Len Clayton Dave Coulter Dave
    Logan Tom Davidson Hunt Hall Julie Colombo Jenny Chen Joyce McGuigan Sue
    Cleveland Sue Latimer Marji Janda Fraternities Jim Ludwig Ray Daly Jay
    Griffin Jeff Kantor (on campus) Kirk Speicher Woody Mather Rich Levine (off
    the Hill) Women's Houses Mark James (Hulley) Pete Stover Steve Meilliur
    hhhhhrmmwm

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: Radical Reordering
Content: 

Heading: ::Mm
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: The community of this University-
Content: 

Heading: must commit itself to increasing the di
Content: 

Heading: versity of its student population.
Content: 

Heading: It seems rather obvious to point out
Content: 

Heading: that it is in the best interests of an ac
Content: 

Heading: ademic community to have its students
Content: 

Heading: come from various backgrounds. W ith
Content: 

Heading: different
Content: 

Heading: experiences
Content: 

Heading: come
Content: 

Heading: different
Content: 

Heading: ideas, and out of an exchange of those
Content: 

Heading: ideas comes a better perspective of life.
Content: 

Heading: The arguements go on, but the fact re
Content: 

Heading: mains that this community is far from
Content: 

Heading: achieving any sort of diversity.
Content: 

Heading: Let us take a brief look at the Class
Content: 

Heading: of 1974. 81% of the students are from
Content: 

Heading: the Middle Atlantic states while 9% are
Content: 

Heading: from New England. Most of the students
Content: 

Heading: are from suburban schools; there are
Content: 

Heading: probably as many students here from
Content: 

Heading: Westfield, New Jersey as there are from
Content: 

Heading: New York City. Eight black freshmen
Content: 

Heading: enrolled this year in a class of 800, and
Content: 

Heading: one would have to look hard to find any
Content: 

Heading: Chicanos, Puerto Ricans or other minor
Content: 

Heading: ity groups. Yet we glide blissfully on; all
Content: 

Heading: fine at Camp Bucknell.
Content: 

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: Admissions
Content: 

Heading: Office
Content: 

Heading: provides
Content: 

Heading: many reasons in explaining its uncanny
Content: 

Heading: ability to attract such homogenous clas
Content: 

Heading: ses. It talks about the lack of black facul
Content: 

Heading: ty, the lack of adequate scholarship and,
Content: 

Heading: the small black minority group student
Content: 

Heading: population, and the school's reputation
Content: 

Heading: as an elitest institution as reasons why
Content: 

Heading: it fails to attract minority group stu
Content: 

Heading: dents.
Content: 

Heading: These arguments are sensible from
Content: 

Heading: their stand-point, and by their existence,
Content: 

Heading: we are forced to look to the whole com
Content: 

Heading: munity for a solution.
Content: 

Heading: W e are faced with a homogenous
Content: 

Heading: student body and an admissions office
Content: 

Heading: unable to radically change that make-up.
Content: 

Heading: We are presently unable to attract mi
Content: 

Heading: nority group
Content: 

Heading: students and lack the
Content: 

Heading: scholarship aid needed to make their en
Content: 

Heading: rollment possible. A  solution to this di
Content: 

Heading: lemma can only come through radical
Content: 

Heading: reordering of the structure and priori
Content: 

Heading: ties of this community. This University
Content: 

Heading: must commit itself to new directions.
Content: 

Heading: }t
Content: 

Heading: ptttkncllian
Content: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY Established 1897.
    Published twice weekly during the college yew . Member of Associated
    CoUegiate Press. Annual subscription, $7.00, payable_ in ad vance. Entered
    as second class matter on September 21. 1922, at the post office at
    Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: P A U L  OSHER --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CH ARLES RESNICK  --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager THE BUCKNELLXAN PLATFORM To review any Issue and take a stand
    we deem In. the best Interestj of the University, to treat every issue with
    the responsibility that is accorded us in a free society to be
    constructively critical when necessary as w ell as laudatory when
    appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and in tegrity. Editorials
    appearing on this page reflect the m ajority opinion of the editorial board
    and that of the editors. Signed columns present the views only of the
    authors. A ll letters should be addressed to the Editor, and must be
    received no later than Saturday noon for publication In the Tuesday edition
    and Wednes day noon for publication in the Friday edition. A ll letters must
    be signed and typed double-spaced: however, names may be withheld upon
    request. The Editor reserves the right to choose all letters for
    publication, and to edit any letter chosen for reasons of space
    restrictions, grammatical change and offensive language.

Heading: J L
Content: 

Heading: R E P R E S E N T E D  F O R  N A T IO N A L . A D V E R T IS IN G  B Y
Content: 

Heading: National Educational Advertising Services
Content: 

Heading: A  D IV IS IO N  O F
Content: 

Heading: HEADER'S DIGEST SALES & SERVICES, INC.
Content: 3 6 0  L e x in g to n  A ve., N e w  Y o rk , N .Y . 10017 Office: Fochi
    Printing Co., 229 Market Street, 529-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221

Heading: Not Enough Money for Everyone in Need
Content: 

Heading: Footnotes
Content: By PAUL J. J. PA YA C K . THE ABC OF RELATIVITY By Bertrand Russell 144 Pages.
    New York: Mentor Books. Paper. $.75 Bertrand Russell believed that "
    everybody knows that Einstein did something astonishing but very few know
    exactly what it was that he did."  When ole Bertrand had thoughts like that
    he usually wrote a book about them (he wrote more than forty). So way back
    in 1925 he penned The ABC of Relativity. Russell reasoned that the layman's
    inability to comprehend the theory rested in the fact that accounts of the
    time would " generally cease to be intelligible just at the point where they
    begin to say something impor tant."  Accordingly his version suffers from
    the opposite flaws, mainly due to excessive simplification. How simple is
    it? Well, he gives a consise account of the develop ment of scientific
    thought leading to relativity beginning with the Egypt ians, throug Galileo
    and Newton, Michelson and Morely to Einstein. In the meantime he covers and
    expounds the standard questions that are raised by relativity, for example:
    space-time, the expanding universe, the velocity of light, the abolition of
    force, etc. So the question now arises as to whether or not you should
    trouble yourself by reading ABC. Generally if you can't answer the following
    questions pick up a copy. If you're capable then pass it up. (1) Q. What is
    the 47th therom of Euclid and what is its origin? A. The Pythagorean
    Theorem. According to Russel, it was de rived from an Egyptian rule of
    thumb: a field measured in the proportions 3, 4, and 5 formed a right
    triangle. Q. What is the shortest distance between two points? A. A line?
    Wrong. Now it's a geodesic (consider the great circle route). Q. Does a
    scale give you your weight? A. Obviously not, strictly speaking it gives you
    your mass. To out your weight you'll have to consult a spring bal- By RICK
    VANCE They walked as one, merging with the night, their footsteps muted by
    the softness of the sand and the ocean's methodic wushing. She nestled her
    head against his strong shoulder, tilted her face up ward, and smiled
    gently. He re turned her smile and kissed her lightly on the forehead. They
    broke into a run, hurdling fringing wavelets immaculated by the moon,
    exchanging beautifully brief, sandy impressions for the permanence of
    memory, a simul taneous miscellany cf moments. The give-and-take of the
    sand. The caressing warmth of the breeze. The wonderful cold of the water.
    Its equalizing depth. Four legs: two black, two sun-tinted bronze,
    interwined in apparent leglessness. A half-mile's breath gone, they tripped
    together, splitting the most recent ridge of ocean, separating blue from
    green, replacing each with a sitting whole's half. The day flashed. The
    beach. People staring their disapproval. The cry of the pimple-faced teen
    ager, impressionably young, not yet hopelessly old. " Salt and pepper!" A
    stinging memory erased by the kissable disarray of her flowing, blond hair,
    as the roller coaster zoomed above the ocean with pat terned recklessness.
    Predestination. The forever of their oneness. The day's faces shouting no.
    Their eyes shouted yes. They kissed, finding acceptance in love, in the
    rightness and strength of their emotions. A  lone gull, unique ly awake,
    strutted along the shore, glanced casually in their direction, and returned
    to his task: seeking sustenance. They smiled at its lack of distinction, its
    approval, as he rose and carried her in his arms to the water line with its
    adjacent wet-dry shades of rown. They knelt then fell, beginning a castle,
    watching it crumble slightly, then rebuilding it with their eyes, their
    feelings. Sand to cement. It (Continued on Page 5) Editor's Note: IT'S ONLY
    ABOUT HEALTH, SEX, DOPE, IN SAN ITY...

Heading: . . .ALL THE THINGS THAT MAKE COLLEGE LIFE  WORTH THE
Content: 

Heading: BULLSHIT.
Content: Dr. Arnold Werner, the young head of Michigan State University's psychiatrist
    and student health services, has been writing THE DOC TOR'S BAG for a year
    now, answering student's questions every Wed nesday in MSU's paper, the
    Michigan State News. For his efforts, Werner has been denounced in the State
    Legislature. His column was labelled " indescribable filth"  by right-wing,
    anti-smut forces in the halls of government. But to students at Michigan
    State, Werner's weekly column has provided an entertaining, informative, ac
    curate counsel for the kind of problems that uptight legislators just don't
    run into much: drugs, the body, birth control, sexual techniques, phy
    siological and psychological problems, nutrition--the whole bit. Werner is a
    certified psychiatrist, a medical doctor. He's barely past thirty. He also
    has a sense of humor. . If our readers find this column interesting and
    informative, we'll continue it over the course of the year - let us know how
    you feel. 1970 College Press Service Address letters to Dr. Arnold Werner,
    Box 947, East Te nsing, Mi. 48823. QUESION: I am bothered by the habit of
    masturbation. I try to fight it off and am sometimes successful, but never
    entirely. Could this be harm ful to me in the future, and what can you
    suggest to help me with this problem? ANSWER: Feelings of guilt, anxiety and
    depression accompany mastur bation for a great many men and women.
    Disturbing feelings of this nature often begin in early childhood and are
    another reflection of the way misinformation and repression has guided us in
    the development of sexual attitudes. The vast majority of men, and a not
    much smaller percentage of women, have masturbated for varying periods of
    time during their sexually mature years. Not only is masturbation harmless,
    but it is beneficial in situations where intercourse is not available or not
    practical. The ability to mas turbate without feelings of guilt, anxiety or
    depression provides safe re lease for sexual tension and does not lead to
    any harmful effects. In fact, women who have achieved orgasm through
    masturbation have a greater tendency to achieve orgasm in sexual
    intercourse. The need for sexual release is a highly individual matter. The
    person who experiences guilt with masturbation might have problems of
    loneliness and fears that con tribute to his or her lowered self esteem.
    Help with these problems are advisable. Considering the long years of sexual
    maturity most of us spend single, society should have stopped frowning on
    masturbation as a form of sexual release a long time ago. This whole topic
    dealt with in greater depth in a book by Albert Ellis called " Sex Without
    Guilt"  published in paper back by Grove Press. While Dr. Ellis goes
    overboard in parts of the book, the chapters dealing with masturbation and
    petting are especially good. ( 2 ) (3) leaves are changing green to gold
    winds arise with almost cold houses rush and autumn's here football games
    and flowing beer crowdedintrax the sophs wereuptight... studyless hours
    ance. Since the book was ritten nearly fifty years ago it has undergone a
    number of revisions. If you look closely you'll be able to spot them.
    Illustrations are adequate and supplement the rudimentary mathetical snoring
    at night -- theory which can be overlooked to avoid confusion. Finally, it
    should sammy likes the freshman guys not be' forgotten that the account has
    been written by Bertrand Russell, even though they re causing sighs, As
    usual when reading his works, you feel as though you're communicat ing
    directly with the man. When the topic is relativity (even its abc's) this
    helps.

Heading: THE BUCKN ELLIAN
Content: SEPTEMBER 25, 1970 not to tell deans what to do there's a thought sam shares
    with you overpopulation's here -- let's have fewer frosh next year.
    QUESTION: I have an embarassing problem: I  perspire heavily. 1 have tried
    everything and have even perspired after taking a shower! I'm afraid this is
    nervous perspiration. Can a doctor give me some sort of pills? I'm ruining
    all of my clothes. Help! ANSWER: There is considerable variation as to how
    much a person per spires. In addition to temperature, individual
    idiosyncracy plays a con siderable role. In certain medical conditions,
    perspiration is increased. We've all experienced this with a fever, but
    people with hyperthyroidism also perspire heavily. A  visit to your doctor
    can usually rule this out Anxiety often causes increased sweating
    (perspiration always struck me as being a little too dainty). If you are
    suffering from severe anxiety you might waant to talk with a professional
    mental health worker. I understand that Arrid extra dry is a particularly
    effective underarm de odorant. A word of caution: use it only under your
    arms or you run the risk of skin irritation. QUESTION: If the birth control
    pill is " medication,"  are its effects any way altered by the consumption
    of other medications such as aspirin, cold tablets or perscribed drugs, such
    as penicillin, or by the consumption of a alcohol which supposedly has
    increased effects when taken along with medication? ANSWER: None of the
    drugs which you mention will affect the action of birth control pills. It
    would always be a wise move to tell a doctor you are on the birth control
    pills at the time he is prescribing any new medication for you. Certain
    medicines which have an effect on hormone production might be contradicted
    if a person is on birth control pills. Incidentally, it is probably not
    advisable for the nursing mother to be on oral contra ceptives, as the drug
    comes through in the milk.

Heading: University's Financial Aid Picture Bleak
Content: Editor's note: The following ar ticle was written for The Bucknel- lian last
    semester by Ken Wernick a University Senior, but because of space
    limitations we were not able to print the article. Wernick is cur rently
    studying at the Washington and Lee Law School. By KEN WERNICK " We do not
    have a financial aid program." Mr. Fritz Walling, director of ad missions,
    may have been partially kidding when he said that, but in actuality, the
    financial aid pro gram here for freshmen (and a l undergraduates) is quite
    deficient. How many students need aid? How many get it? How is it deter
    mined? How much money is there available? From where does it come? What are
    the particulars of athletic grants-in-aid? How does the University compare
    with other schools in financial aid opportun ities? Could the University be
    come an " elitist"  school in the future? The answers to these questions
    paint the bleak picture of the Uni versity's aid program. They also pose new
    questions not only about the future of the University, but about the futures
    of all small pri vate colleges in the nation. There were 1,770 students ac
    cepted here for the Class of 1974. Of these, 751 needed financial aid (based
    on the College Scholarship Service Report recommendations). The University
    offered only 187 students some form of aid (loan, scholarship, work) for a
    total of $338,500. But of course that doesn't mean that the University has
    $338,- 500 to give. It is estimated that $175,000 of that aid will actually
    be granted, since not all of those students awarded aid will confirm their
    ac ceptances. The statistics are there -- the University offers aid to only
    25% of those students needing it; only 15%-20% of the student body will
    receive aid next year. The determination of who ac tually receives aid is
    often a com plicated problem. Walling stated, " The money goes as far as it
    can go to the students with the best academic promise."  Need is used to
    determine the " pool"  of poten tial recipients. The amount offered then
    depends on academic quali fications rather than the degree of need. By
    action of the Board of Trust ees, the University has " coach- recommended
    grants" for athletes. These are based on the coaches' discretion end need
    (which must be shown by, the CSS form), and are allocated once the student
    has been accepted by the admissions office. The yearly amount of these
    grants- in-aid is sixteen times the tuition, fees, and room costs. Twelve
    grants are awarded for football, and four for basketball. The awards, how
    ever, are only awarded consistent with the financial needs of the stu dent,
    and could be spread among many (more than 16) students in athletics. But in
    addition, the determina tion of aid is a " political game." " We usually
    watch the pattern be tween the different departments," said Mr. Dick
    Skelton, associate di rector of admissions. " We try to give the money to
    the best stu dents with respect to the needs of the degree program."
    However, an outstanding class of math majors could be awarded significantly
    more money than a mediocre class of civil engineers. However, last year, the
    add per degree program (arts, sciences, engineering, business) ranged from
    21% (business) to 34% (sciences). In the class of 1974, there has been a
    cutback in financial aid, due to overspending in aid during the past two
    years. In addition, no jobs will be available to in coming freshmen, because
    they will have already been filled by upperclassmen. There is $610,000
    currently bud geted for undergraduate scholar ship aid. The income for aid
    is received from two sources: unrestricted University income (which is allo
    cated to " scholarships"  in the bud get), which accounts for 65% of the
    total; and endowment, gifts and federal programs, which make up the
    additional 35%. The University currently has an endowment (i.e. funds that
    are in vested to produce income and to which extent only the income can be
    spent currently) of $20,000,000. Two million dollars of that is des ignated
    for scholarship, of which only $75,000 is income received on that principal
    -- only the income received is actually used. Endowment is a good estimate
    for realizing the financial worth of the University, and in compar ing the
    University with other schools financially. But endowment per student
    (endowment divided by number of students) can give a better idea of how
    financially-able a school is to give aid to its stu dent body. Yale, for
    example, has $47,508 endowment per student. Brown, Cornell and Lafayette
    approximate $15,000. Lehigh and Colgate ap proximate $10,000. Bucknell fol-

Heading: WOMEN
Content: 

Heading: 1969
Content: 

Heading: VERBAL SAT
Content: 

Heading: MEN
Content: 

Heading: 1969
Content: lows with $7,500. Other schools, like St. Lawrence, Dickinson, Tufts and
    Virginia have approximately $5,000 per student. An analysis of these
    statistics shows the Univer sity on the low-end of the schools with which
    she is competing for students, many of whom need fi nancial assistance.
    Compared to other schools, the lack of sufficient financial aid here is
    obvious. At Ivy League schools, any student who demonstrates need is awarded
    aid--here, only 25% of those needing money get it. At Princeton, Hamilton,
    Yale, Dart mouth, Amherst and Brown, better than 40?# of the total freshman
    class receive aid. Wesleyan, Ro chester, Tufts, Penn, R. P. I., Lafayette,
    Trinity and Bowdoin range from 30% - 35%. Ohio Wesleyan. Carnegie Tech, Wil
    liams, Oberlin, Swarthmore, Col gate, and Franklin and Marshall offer 25% of
    their total freshman class aid. At 20% are Gettysburg, Lehigh, Colby,
    Kenyon, Dickinson, and Hobart. The University ac- (Continued on Page 6)

Heading: MATH SAT
Content: C la s s R a n k fSO-SOO 700-74# 650*699 600-649 550-599 500-549 B e lo w 500 C
    la s s R a n k 750-800 700-740

Heading: "
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 550-699 600-649 550-599 500-549 B e lo w 500 Applied Accepted Enrolled

Heading: 1/10
Content: 43 34 10 159 124 37 255 142 54 296 128 67 208 65 30 119 22 13 70 Applied 12
    Accepted 5 Enrolled

Heading: 1/10
Content: 163 160 30 258 235 66 293 223 72 228 136 44 134 80 25 34 13 5 25 11 6 Applied
    Accepted Enrolled

Heading: 2/10
Content: 3 1 1 20 2 1 58 3 99 17 9 88 14 9 76 5 3 59 Applied 6 Accepted 2 Enrolled

Heading: 2/10
Content: 52 38 11 133 87 29 213 110 42 194 66 25 137 33 15 55 8 2 30 6 2 Applied Accepted
    Enrolled

Heading: 3/10
Content: 1 1 9 15 41 2 1 42 2 1 31 5 4 27 1 Applied Accepted !Enrolled

Heading: 3/10
Content: 30 16 4 64 21 8 110 26 10 96 16 7 91 12 6 39 2 --#

Heading: W
Content: 19 1 Applied Accepted Enrolled

Heading: 4/10
Content: -- 4 5 1 14 1 14 1 1 10 24 Applied Accepted Enrolled

Heading: 4/10
Content: 12 8 2 23 9 1 52 17 5 70 9 5 65 7 3 40 4

Heading: I
Content: 21 2 Applied Accepted Enrolled

Heading: All
Content: 

Heading: Others
Content: 

Heading: --*
Content: 1 1 7 1 1 1 22 2 18 1 1 35 1 Applied Accepted Enrolled

Heading: All
Content: 

Heading: Others
Content: 19 2 34 14 4 75 18 6 85 10 3 113 8 4 74 4 55 1

Heading: 1
Content: 1 This chart is a statistical analysis of the class of '73 at the University. It
    gives some indication of what type of student was offered admission last
    year, as well as showing what students actually came to the Uni versity.

Heading: [jiirajarajiiEiRrarazraiBiHiiiEraiBraiarararaizraaiEiHiHiaraiaagignaiaiiiBiHiafaiaiBJ^^
Content: 

Heading: ABS Living Unit Representatives
Content: 

Heading: ELECTION DAY
Content: 

Heading: Monday, Sept. 28
Content: 

Heading: You can vote at--
Content: 

Heading: ALL CAFETERIAS DURING MEALTIMES
Content: 

Heading: NEW DORM, SWARTZ HALL, HUNT HALL 6:15-8:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: TKE, KDR, SC PKP PG SAM KS during Dinnertime.
Content: 

Heading: TC, SPE, DU, LCA, TDC, SAE al Lunchtime
Content: m m m

Heading: fe
Content: 

Heading: w
Content: MBEMMiMneMMINMMMmaMmNIttijm gjHjsagasaaJsSSgHBSMMflriESSflfltiBHBHHBMM #MtfNMW i

Heading: Colloquy Schedule
Content: (Continued from Page 1)

Heading: Happenings o f Note
Content: 

Heading: Hammerlee Cites Past and Present Activity
Content: 7:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:30 p.m. 9:00 p.m. 10:00 p.m. 10:30 p.m. Midnight 10:00
    a.m. 10:30 a.m. 11:00 a.m. 1:00 p.m. " The Dilemma of the Idealist in a
    Violent and Materialist Society" --lecture and discussion with Martain
    Dibner--New Dorm Formal Living Room Hilltop: " King and Country: and " The
    Occurrance at Owl Creek Bridge" --Vaughan Lit. Auditorium Tran Van Dinh--"
    Essence and meaning of Vietnamese Rev olution, Agnew - students debate, and
    open questions-- Roberts Lounge . . . . t>_ William Tontsch--Hatha Yoga
    Workshop--Hunt Living Rm. Dr. Rosemary Reuther--New Dorm Pit Fred Schiaavo--
    repeat (see above)--Coleman 102A " The Psychology of Reincarnation:--seminar
    with Dr. Her bert Puryear--Harris Lounge Guitar and song-- tranqudl music on
    steps behind Roberts Mixed-Media-Music Theatre by Robert Hannay, Don Exans,
    and Jackson Hill--Vaughan Lit. Auditorium " The Gleanlings" --music and
    dance--Coleman Theatre Truffaut's " Fahrenheit 451" --Vaughan Lit.
    Auditorium

Heading: SATURDAY
Content: A Natural Food " Walk"  with Euell Gibbons--meet at Botany Building. Bring car
    if convenient. " Concepts of Intermedia" --Don Evans presentation--Music and
    Arts Building Auditorium . . " The Psychology of Dreams" --seminar with Dr.
    Herbert Puryear--New Dorm Living Room Sensitivity Training Workshop with Dan
    and Bonnie Sillers --Larison Lounge .

Heading: ... T
Content: . " World Peace: Dream or Possibility" --seminar with Louis Lusky, Elizabeth
    McAllister, and Tran Van Dinh--Roberts Lounge , ^ ,, ... " The Labor Union
    Today : Comments and Questions with Lillian Roberts--New Dorm Pit "
    Theological Revolution as a Sympton of Social Revolution -sem in ar with
    Phil Linden, John Nelson, and Brian Mc Cormick--Kappa Delta Rho

Heading: TT ,
Content: , " The Psychology of Meditation" --seminar with Dr. Herbeit Puryear--New Dorm
    Formal Living Room THINK--discussion with B. 0. Evans about computers--
    Harris Lounge ,,  ,. " The Principles of Hypnosis" --seminar with Fred
    Schiavo --Larison Lounge _ " Confucianism, Taoism, and Buddhism" --seminar
    with Tran Van Dinh--New Dorm Pit . . . , Creative Writing Workshop with
    Martin Dibner--Vaughan Lit. Library . ... _ e .. " Perspectives on Campus
    Unrest" --seminar with Dan Sil lers Louis Lusky, and Charles Pierce-H unt
    Living Room " Introduction to the Bahai Faith with Charles Seeburger and
    Earl Falls--Harris Lounge Drug Counseling Workshop with Mary Gilmore--New
    Dorm Pit " Folk Music As Art Form" --Seminar with Sonja Zarek-- New Dorm
    Formal Living Room " Towards Study-group Formation (An Introduction to the
    Edgaar Cayce Institute) with Dr. Herbert Puryear--C.A. Corner Room (Ground
    Botany Building) " 100 in a Hat."  The Performance of Questions. Participa
    tion? James Lee Byars. Hill behind Roberts Concert: Miles Davis and " It's A
    Beautiful Day '--Davis " The Phantom of the Opera"  (Lon Chaney) and Alice m
    Wonderland"  (Walt Disney animation)--The Bison Candlelight Midnight Folk
    Mass-Dialog-Homily: " What Divides Mankind: What Unifies Mankind" --Chaplain
    Gard ner, Father Petrina--Rooke Chapel

Heading: CA Initiates 'Contact'
Content: 

Heading: Fellowship
Content: The Joseph Priestly Unitarian Fellowship will meet Sunday, at 7:00 p.m. in the
    Political Science Department Lounge, 206 Coleman Hall. Anyone interested is
    invited to come.

Heading: Directory
Content: The preliminary draft of the stu dent section of the Annual Direct ory will be
    issued September 26. Copies will be distributed to resi dence assistants,
    freshman coun selors, and fraternities, and will also be posted at the
    bookstore, Bison, registrar's office, student lounge, library and
    switchboard. Students are asked to check their own listings in the Directory
    for completeness and accuracy and to report any additions or corrections to
    their R. A. or counselor, or to the registrar's office ( window 5, Marts
    Hall, extension 1244). Ad-

Heading: ABS
Content: 

Heading: Notes
Content: ditions and corrections received by noon on Thursday, October 1, will be
    incorporated in the printed Di rectory.

Heading: Psych Majors
Content: Upperclass majors in Psychology and underclass students consider ing Psychology
    as a major will meet Saturday September 26, at 10:30 a.m. in CH 102A. The
    faculty will be present to discuss the comprehensive require ment, job
    opportunities, graduate school opportunities, departmental offerings, and
    any other matters related to the programs in Psy chology.

Heading: Discussion
Content: International club will sponser a night of informal discussion in the
    International (Carey) House at 9:30 p.m. Wednesday . Some of the for eign
    students will lead a question and answer session on the subject of European
    Educational Systems. This gathering will give American and foreign students
    an opportunity to meet each other. Refreshments will be served.

Heading: Teachers
Content: All students interested in teach ing careers are invited to be pres ent Tuesday
    afternoon, at 4:00 o' clock, in Coleman B103, for a meet ing to organize the
    local chapter of PSEA-NEA. This is the college equivalent of the Future
    Teachers of America, an organization to which many of our undergraduates
    belonged. All undergraduates planning to teach are cordially invited.
    Officers for the coming year will be chosen at this meeting.

Heading: PQT
Content: 

Heading: Rugby
Content: 2:00 p.m. 2:30 p.m. 4:00 p.m. 4:30 p.m. 8:30 pm. Midnight By JUNE CAFFREY A new
    lecture-discussion series, " Contact,"  has been developed by C.A. Its
    purpose is to promote the exploration of topics not normally discussed in
    class. " Contact"  differs from Firesides and Livingroom dialogues in that
    it is more flexible. Brevity and in formality will characterize all of the
    sessions which are held every Tuesday, alternating between New Dorm and
    Swartz. The program, initiated by Mary Beth Pames, is open to any mem ber of
    the University or Lewisburg community who wishes to speak on a topic of
    interest. According to Miss James, " the series is sup posed to get people
    who don't have much contact with students, to share their knowledge and
    experi ence with them."

Heading: A Beautiful Ring . . .  A Good Investment
Content: 

Heading: Flawless quality, superior cut and color, plus protec
Content: 

Heading: tion against loss jrnake Keepsake a sound investment
Content: 

Heading: as well as a good purchase.
Content: LAVIER $500 ALSO $250 TO 5000 MIAMI $800 ALSO TO 2500 VENTURA $300 ALSO $150 TO
    1975 WEDDING RING 50 |

Heading: Gus Wheetand & Son
Content: 

Heading: 501 Chestnut St.
Content: 

Heading: Sunbury, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Phone 286-4325
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: t h e b u c k n e l l ia n SEPTEMBER 25, 1970 The new students appointed to the
    Admissions Committee at last Wednesday's

Heading: ABS
Content: meeting are Karen Daniels, Jane LeBars, Tom Myers, Paul Osher, and David Stein.
    Warren Mack and Richard Stechel were appointed to the Board of Review of
    Academic Re sponsibility. The final elections for upper- class Living Unit
    Representatives will be Monday. Ballot boxes will be in dormitory lounges
    between 6:30 and 8:30 p.m. The deadline for any student wishing to apply for
    recording sec retary or a position on the Student Affairs Committee has been
    ex tended to Wednesday, September 30. Interest sheets may be obtained at the
    Dean of Student Affairs Of fice, and must be returned by noon. Any
    questions, contact Sue Preston at 3270.

Heading: 'Tristram' Changes
Content: 

Heading: Magazine Format
Content: By MARY ANN BRANDT The purpose of " Tristram,"  the literary magazine of the
    Univers ity, is to give creative students a chance to see their work
    published. With this in mind, a group of students have reorganized Tristram
    so that it will be published regular ly, at the end of each semester. The
    Tristram staff is presently looking for material for this se mester's issue.
    Students are invited to submit original poetry, short stories, short plays,
    photographs, and drawings. The due date for this semester's issue is October
    21. Materials can be submitted at the English Office in Vaughan Litera ture
    Building or to Andrew Kraft at B373. There will also be a box in the
    library. Tristram will award two prizes, one for the best poem and one for
    the best short story, in May. Each prize will be $50. A  panel of faculty
    members and students will judge the entries.

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: FOR SALE--rust colored carpet 15' x 22' or parts thereof. In good condition.
    Call 3170. FOR SALE--1962 Rambler 4 dr. se dan can be taken anywhere--no
    mechanical problems for thou sands of miles--very good buy contact Paul
    Osher, 524-1263. __ FOR SALE--1932 Ford Pu. Chev. Engine. Bored and stroked
    to 382 cu in. M/T Cross Ram intake Headers, Chev., trans, Imperial wire
    wheels. Call after 5:00 524- 6812. ________ FOR SALE--DRESSER: 42 in. long
    19 in wide 34 in. high with lge. circular mirror, also 13.6 cu. ft. 1968
    model Norge 2 dr. refrigera tor. Call 524-9792. Anyone interested in forming
    a rugby club should contact Profes sor Harry Staggers at Susquehan na
    University, Selinsgrave, Pa. 17870. Registration forms are now av ailable
    for the National Security Agency's Professional QualifjAng Test (PQT) which
    is to be admini stered Oct. 10 at the University, Interested students should
    complete the registration form contained in the PQT Bulletin of Information
    which is available in the place ment office in the Carnegie Build ing.
    Deadline for registration is Sept. 30, 1970.

Heading: Economics
Content: The topic for Tuesday night's ec onomic's honorary lecture by Dr. Douglas Dowd
    has been changed to *The Need for a Radical Econom ics.' The time and place
    remain the same.

Heading: Exhibit
Content: 

Heading: Grad Info
Content: An evhibit of sculpture done by students of William Lasansky will be on display
    in Bertrand Library from Sept. 14 to Oct. 9. The public is cordially invited
    to attend. Copies of the letters sent to Juniors last Spring that described
    sources of information fog grad uate school selection and fellowship award
    are available for the ask ing at Room A 16 --Coleman Hall.

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Friday, September 25 ,, ,,  * ,, _____ , Resident Colloquy Week-end (See
    Detailed Program) 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services Meditation Chapel 8:00 p.m.
    Hilltop: "King and Country" ^Vaughan Lit. Aud. 12-00 Midnight Colloquy
    Concert: " The Gleanlings" Coleman Hall Theatre 10:00 a.m. 1:30 p.m. 8:30
    pm. 10:30 a.m. 4:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m. Saturday, September 26 Resident Colloquy
    Week-end Meeting of Psychology Majors Coleman Hall 102A Football vs.
    Baldwin-Wallace (Band Day) Memorial Stalium A.B.S. Concert: " Miles Davis"
    and " It's A Beautiful ? ay>> Davis Gymnasium 12:00 Midnight Catholic Mass
    Rooke Chapel Sunday, September 27 Resident Colloquy Week-end Chapel: Special
    Colloquy Program: " The Gleanlings Outside Rooke Chapel, Weather permitting
    Catholic Mass Rooke Chapel Colloquy Film: " Titicut Follies" Vaughan Lit.
    Aud. Monday, September 28 a 4:45 p jn . Special Bucknell Faculty Meeting
    Vaughan Lit. Aud. Big-Little Sisters Picnic (In case of rain: Tustin Gym)
    Tustin Field Campus Club Dinner Davis Gym Annex Family Swim Night Freas-
    Rboke Pool English Dept. Film: " Potemkin" Vaughan Lit. Aud. League of Women
    Voters Orientation Meeting University Lounge Tuesday, September 29 _ , __ ,
    4:45p.m. Catholic Mass Rooke Chapel 7 . 30 O m. Bucknell-Russian Film
    Series: " The Inspector General v Visual Aids Aud. Omicron Delta Epsilon
    Lecture: Prof Douglas Dowd Coleman Hall 102A Jan-Plan in Zurich Discussion
    Coleman Hall lB History of Mathematics Film Series: " What is Mathe matics
    and How Do We Teach It?" Olin Science Aud. 6:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m.
    8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. Wednesday, September 30
    7:30 p.m. A.B.S. Meeting ...... 0 Coleman Hall 102A 8-00 p.m. American
    Chemical Society lecture: Dr. Andrew Wo- jcicki " Organometallic Insertion
    Reactions" Olin Science Aud. 9*30 p m International Club Informal Discussion
    on Educational Systems (Carey) International House Thursday, October 1 _ ..
    4:00 p.m. Field Hockey vs. Susquehanna Tustin Field 4:45 p.m. Catholic Mass
    Rooke Chapel 8:00 p.m. Bucknell Christian Fellowship Hunt Hall Living Room
    9:00 p.m! " ICHTHUS"  (Informal Worship) Rooke Chapel

Heading: Scholarship Applications
Content: (Continued from Page 1) in the language of the host country. Selections will be
    made on the basis of academic and/or profes sional record, the feasibility
    of the applicant's proposed study plan, language preparation and personal
    qualifications. Preference is given to applicants between the ages of 20 and
    35 and to candidates who have not had prior opportunity for extended study
    or residence abroad, with the exception of those who have served in the
    armed forces. Cre ative and performing artists will not be required to have
    a bache lor's degree, but they must have four years of professional study or
    equivalent experience. Two types of grants will be av ailable through HE
    under the Ful- bright-Hays Act: US government full grants and US government
    travel grants.

Heading: A
Content: full award will provide a grantee with tuition, maintenance for one academic
    year in one coun try, round-trip transportation, health and accident
    insurance and an incidental allowance. (Continued from Page 1) warded that,
    as a person becomes more informed, whether it be through a newscast, other
    media or an event like a Colloquy, he consequently feels as if he is act
    ually participating in the event-- finding solutions. With the theme of
    Colloquy '70 being " to think, to question, to talk, to act. . ." , do you
    feel that the 'acting' will be shortchanged in view of this reasoning? H:
    I've heard that debate by some very able people, and I don't think that it
    is the case of that it has been the case. It can happen that we can be so
    busy discussing something that we feel that we're accomplishing something--
    but how much worse to act. on something before various angles have been
    discussed? B: I understand that you at tended Yale Divinity School. Any fond
    recollections? H: That's been quite a while ago, by the way. My
    recollections now are certainly of the Divinity School; but they're also of
    New Haven in general. It was the first time, for an extended period, that I
    had a chance to live in an urban environment and work in various aspects of
    city life. Also,

Heading: I
Content: worked in connection with the undergraduate school at Yale, and this combination
    of things is still very much in my mind. Even in those days, Mayor Lee had
    started different kinds of urban renewal and plans for the city which
    involved a lot of stu dents. I will say that some of the interests that were
    spawned in

Heading: Blacks Provide Comments
Content: 

Heading: Regarding Special Housing
Content: By KARL BLAKE Of 41 black students who are full time students at the university
    this semester, twenty-three have chosen to live in two houses in which the
    priority in choosing rooms was given to blacks. Thirteen black men are
    living in Edwards House, and ten women in Seventh St. House. The first part
    of the follow ing interview was conducted with three black residents of
    Edwards House. The second part was con ducted with a black student who lived
    in Edwards House for a week and then decided to move into a dormitory. body
    doesn't have the same tastes as people at a fraternity, or as re presented
    by the kind of speakers they invite to the campus. When you add this to the
    fact that there's nothing for anybody to do up here. . . W: There's just no
    one thing you can put your hand on. X: There's just nothing that re minds
    you of home, absolutely noth ing. BUCKNELLIAN: What were the conditions on
    the University campus which led black students to feel thait this new
    arrangement was necessary? W: I've lived most of my life in a black
    community, as have many others here. Even regardless of what your social
    status within that community is, things are set up very differently here. X
    : I guess it's a different set of values and what you like to do, how you
    like to function: music, danc ing social lingo all play a part. W: When you
    come here, every thing you've been brought up with just goes bdank, as if it
    had never existed. Z: A lot of the people up here aren't unfriendly; it's
    just the cul tural barrier. W: There are more cases of in difference than
    hostility. X : It all involves so much it would be very difficult to specify
    any one item. B: Why did you choose to come to a school set in a rural
    environ ment like this University? W: Well, personally, I came here to get
    an education. I get the im pression that a lot of people have come here to
    mess around for four years at the " country club on the Susquehanna." X : I
    heard it was a good school. 1 figured I was going to get in any where I
    applied because I had a pretty good record in high school, so I wasn't
    really too concerned about what college I picked. Izn very sorry now that I
    was so pig headed. But the situation is prob ably pretty similar in any
    small school. W: Another thing is that this place is supposed to have the
    big reputation in white communities. I don't think any black people came
    here for social reasons, whereas a lot of white people did. X : I don't
    know. Social life is very important in order to keep your academics up also.
    W: Another thing this place offers is that you get to see white people in
    their natural habitat. B: Everybody here is watching the football game on
    television, and many people on the hill are watching the same game. Aren't
    <<mall things like this some basis for communication between the 4 races? Y
    : Nobody's talking about that It's the cultural barrier, differences in
    entertainment and things like that. There isn't anything to do on a  Friday
    or Saturday night. W: Everybody has that problem to a certain degree. Y :
    Whites, though, can usually relate to something like a fra ternity band
    party. X ; You have to realize that this campus represents a specific set of
    beliefs and values that are differ ent from ours. You know, people ran watch
    football, but still every- B: Has this new housing afrrange- ment improved
    matters? X : The main thing this place offers is a more relaxed social at
    mosphere so that we can do what we want without being made to feel abnormal.
    W: Definately the atmosphere is much looser. X : I've herd people say that
    no body up here is natural. One big advantage of this house for any body
    would be the more relaxed atmosphere. B: Don't fraternities offer such an
    informal atmosphere? W: In a sense we are a fraternity, mainly for blacks. X
    : A fraternity to m e is kind of an artificial place. I mean, do those
    people take themselves seriously? I certainly can't speak for the white
    suburban student who comes here and joins a fraternity, but believe me, it
    would be impossible for me to feel at home 'in a fraternity. B: What more
    could be done to improve conditions for black stu dents? W: The sooner the
    University be gins to " integrate"  the cultures and bring black people and
    other m i nority groups into the mainstream of campus life, the sooner this
    type of thing won't be as necessary. As far as curriculum is concerned, in
    many of the English courses, for example, there is no literature by black
    writers at all. I mean, it's nice to study Shakes- pear in English history,
    but I'd like to find out what's been happening in Africa, or in the non-
    white nations or the world at times, be cause I'm  sure that the culture of
    those nations is very rich too. X : The admission of more black students
    would also help, although it wouldn't cure everything. As things are, we
    just have to create for ourselves a reasonable alterna tive to this campus.
    W: The thing that the university could do is to develop some type of Afro-
    American studies. It's aca demic and it's very relevant at this time, and
    it's also very neces sary if we are ever to have any true integration,
    culturally and otherwise. People have always spoken about integration, but
    it's only meant in tegration of black people with white people. How about
    integration of white people with black people? White people don't have to be
    pro- Pantoer to integrate with black people, or tell us how much they love
    us or anything. B: Why have some black people chosen to live in dormitories?
    Y : Some of them work up on the hill. It would be very inconvenient for them
    to get up early in the morning and walk to Swartz Cafe teria. X : When we
    had the meeting, everybody, regardless of whether or not they wanted to live
    in the house, said we needed a house. W: You'd have to ask everyone how they
    feel. We can't speak for everybody. B: Why did you decide to leave Edwards
    House? Z: Well, I agree with the basic idea behind it: the University be ing
    so overwhelmingly white and apathetic that blacks could possibly want to
    live together off toe hill. The atmosphere here is terribly hard if you're
    black and not used to it. If you come from a black neighborhood with black
    schools it would be incredibly hard. The idea is, you have to live here. You
    realize that when school is out for the day, you can't go back to a black
    home or a black neighbor hood. The problem is always with you; there's no
    base to touch upon. But the trouble is that toe house is not entirely black.
    Actually, Ed wards is just as dormant as any place else. It isn't completely
    black, so there's no overwhelming spirit really, which is what I was hoping
    for. Even if every brother on campus lived in Edwards House, there'd still
    be a great deal more room, and they couldn't afford the loss of space with
    toe housing shortage. Anyway, federal law requires all university housing to
    be integrated. Also, I couldn't hack the noise at all. The guy in the room
    next to mine played records constantly, and the train went by every two or
    three minutes. I can get more work done here. those years have continued. B:
    Such as? H: Maybe 'interests' is a poor word there but, for me, toe experi
    ence, there, was touching rather early on some of these tremendous issues
    that almost defy solution and, yet, which we all have to work on even if
    we're not in the setting --in one specific way, maybe my experience there
    helps me (in the essentially rural setting of Lewis burg) still be able to
    empathize with the problems of the city and even a large university. B: How
    long have you been at this University? H: This is the beginning of my fifth
    year. B: Generally, have you seen any change in students here over that
    time? H: That's an impossible question to summarize an answer to, be cause
    it's hard to know whether student bodies have changed as a group or whether
    one's circle of acquaintanceships- or friendships changes as he is here
    longer. More students, though, do care about more things.

Heading: I
Content: despair, sometimes, that we're all caught up in so many tough problems that iwe
    sometimes seem to go in circles in our thinking. B: Do you think human
    morals are changing? H: You know, I used to have real quick opinions on that
    kind of thing, but I don't think I do any more. The morals haven't changed
    as much as some of toe super ficial ways that people express what they feel
    more deeply. B: Returning to a line of Colloquy thought, are speakers given
    any broad guidelines before arriving for the weekend? Are they told what to
    say or how to say it? H: In a meeting like toe Inter national program, there
    are very few speakers, and each person knows exactly what his assignment In
    the Fall meeting, though, is. where there are any-where from  30 to 70
    people attending, toe people have relatively less direction. They do get a
    theme and more or less work on it for themselves. B: Do you think that the
    Fall Colloquy, because o

Heading: S
Content: its great number of speakers, is weaker than the Spring, International Col
    loquy? H: No. The Fall program is a distinctive one and, with all its
    weakness, it has been inquired af ter and adopted by many schools around
    this part of the country. Some of us involved in toe first one (in 1966)
    felt that it should be the last because it was a unique ex perience. The
    student interest and demand, though, caused it to be repeated--that interest
    was even stronger in toe next two years and, now, we're in our fifth year.
    H: Possibly a more specific theme and more of a sense of stat- Mr. James
    Hammerlee ed purpose rather than toe per haps more 'mystical' purposes that
    are in the minds of many commit tee members. It's just psosible that if some
    in terested students don't come for ward next year with a program in mind,
    Colloquy may not happen next Fall. And, even though I was one of toe ones
    who thought that it should've only happened one year, followed by a break, I
    do hink this sort of mind-stretching intention for the Fall semester is a
    good thing. B: Would you have liked the strike to continue last year, past
    its date of demise? H: No, personally, I would not. At the time, I was
    grateful for the kind of experience we had together, but I wasn't clear in
    my own mind that anything would heve been gain ed by continuing at that
    time, and I never did understand the soft drink boycott. B: Do you, in your
    working with students and committees, ever have to compromise your own
    beliefs for the sake of certain committee members? H: Yes, to the extent
    that my ideas may not be of interest to the student committee, or that a sub
    ject I consider important may get knocked down. I often am doubt ful about
    some of toe things that are done. Usually, though, there's a lot of
    discussion and a lot of com promising in the ways programs are presented. B:
    Is there one activity you enjoy doing most here? H: Yes. Overall, advising
    the Volunteer Services has to be, in toe long-run, the most rewarding. That
    program works with both in dividuals and institutions--it's help ing
    University students who want to do a service program outside of their
    regular curriculum. And I do enjoy my work very much because of the contrast
    in terplay between the ideas that come out from toe students and faculty and
    administration whom we cooperate with. It makes an in teresting combination
    in trying to find important things to do -- not only to discuss -- but, to
    do here iii the community.

Heading: Sustenance Continued
Content: (Continued from Page 2) stood crazily impregnable, toe steady eye of hurricane.
    Not mar- tydrom but a kingdom, a kingdom of checkerboard outcasts discover
    ing, though not conciously seeking, an experimental phenomenon. Fa ceted
    lives slowly, miraculously ev olving into an entity. With every quickened
    breath, each estatic movement, they climbed. Soaring to a pinnacle
    sanctified by the totality of their union. A complete sharing. There were no
    words, and time neither crawled nor flew, be cause it didn.t e x ist. . .
    They left because they wanted to. They headed toward toe board walk, the
    shops, the amusements, all silently awaiting reincarnation, and ascended the
    nine, warped, wooden steps. Then, mixing soft humming with the dull, rythmic
    patter of their footsteps, they cros- sed the boardwalk and strolled by the
    rows of unlit, sleep-deadened cottages. A stranger clad in a short-sleev ed,
    khaki uniform was striding to ward them. As he came closer, they noticed the
    black patch over his right pocket and the bolstered gun. He shouted
    something about a curfew as he approached them, then halted and asked them
    ques tions not meant to be answered. What in the hell was wrong with them?
    Couldn't they read the signs? Damn kids. No respect for the law. He ordered
    them to empty their pockets, mistaking their hap piness for a drugged high,
    then de manded identification. " I'm  gonna hafta fine each of you ten
    bucks," He finished writing, frowned, and handed them a slip of paper. "
    Don't do this again. Now get toe hell back to wherever you're stay ing." <#
    . ............. ... " . . .NO M ATTER HOW B ITTER

Heading: TH E STRUGGLE FOR BREAD,
Content: 

Heading: MAN
Content: 

Heading: DOES
Content: 

Heading: NOT
Content: 

Heading: LIVE
Content: 

Heading: BY
Content: BREAD ALONE."  -- If. O. Brown l e w is b u r g f r ie n d s m e e t in g 11:00
    AJd. SUNDAY

Heading: Vaughan
Content: 

Heading: lit Library
Content: 

Heading: SIZZING SIRLOIN
Content: 

Heading: --------------------------
Content: 

Heading: $1.89
Content: 

Heading: BONANZA STEAK HOUSE
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: SIRLOIN PIT
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: No Tipping
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: *  Come as you are
Content: 

Heading: Shamokin Dam on Route IS
Content: He walked away. Their faces be trayed no sign of toe sudden re turn to an
    unnecessary reality. Their eyes met: they smiled as they shared a thought.
    Twenty dol lars. It was a small price to pay.

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri.-Sat.
Content: 

Heading: -------
Content: 

Heading: 7:00 - 1:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sunday - - - - 7:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: OPEN
Content: 

Heading: ................
Content: 

Heading: Mon. - Thur. 4:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. - Sat.
Content: 

Heading: 4:00 - 2:00 a.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sun.
Content: 

Heading: 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: SEPT. 25, 1970

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: 

Heading: W IM
Content: i # galllgyaeewwie ffg^i^^gggggisgSjm i^SEiEEiEEEItElU EEEEElsaiB aM EEm iim m m
    EEEEEEEXsE OMIEMBiaMMMHKMmNna

Heading: '
Content: 

Heading: Reluctant' Success Puzzles and Disappoints
Content: 

Heading: Survey Raises Doubts Regarding Frosh-Week Impact
Content: By LAURIE TYNAN Features Editor's Note: Fresh man Week " isn't all it used to
    be," or so one gathers in this surrey of opinion from those who took part in
    all its various activities. Radical changes have swept the Freshman
    Orientation Program over the last four years from the " weeklong drag"
    seniors describe to the overwhelming success soph omores experienced. An
    enthusias tic Orientation staff expected that the Freshman Week Program,
    drawn up for the threefold purpose of introducing freshmen to other
    freshmen, to upperclassmen, and to the " University experience," would be as
    much of a success as last year's. Instead, the " reluctant" success that
    materialized puzzled and seemed to disappoint those volunteers who worked
    toward cre ating a stimulating Freshman Week. The timidity of so many fresh
    men impressed many orientation leaders, such as Schley Wraight who observed,
    "They're so hung up!" during the Introductory Micro-lab, August 31. The
    enthusi asm of the upperclassmen never seemed to wear off cm the fresh men,
    who came away from the Introductory Session with the im pression that
    something " silly" had happened. The three scheduled discussion groups went
    from bad to worse as freshmen listened to dull presenta tions by faculty
    speakers and found themselves " discussed to death" by week's end. Tim
    Hombrook found the discus sions overdone when, by Thursday, they covered the
    " same old thing." Many freshmen deemed the Satur day session useless since
    it requir ed freshmen to try to compare High School to College on the basis
    of one Friday's worth of classes. Of the minority of students who came,
    Karen Olsson called it "un fair"  to expect freshmen to be able to comment
    on classes after such a brief encounter with them. Most freshmen, however,
    had already dropped out of the activities by week's end and opted not to
    bother with the final session. Freshman Bill Bohlen thought Freshman Week
    was too long and became unnecessary as freshmen came to feel more oriented
    to the campus. Apparently many other freshmen agreed and drifted away,

Heading: Orientation Satire Jabs
Content: 

Heading: Frosh- Week Adventures
Content: By JACKIE STUBBA Yes, Virginia, there really is a Freshman Orientation. Even
    here in downtown Lewisburg, where you'd least expect it, there lurks that
    traditional curse-an orientation program designed to totally confuse
    innocent young freshmen. This year being no different from the past, we
    freshmen courageously under went four days of strange adven ture. It all
    began one dark cloudy night while incoming freshman slept

Heading: "I
Content: 

Heading: irivial
Content: Only two per cent of the fresh men went on "Tours of Town and Campus"  during
    Freshman Week this year. The lounge chairs found in every room of Swartz
    Hall cost approxi mately $100 each. Tho Chinese used to eat orang utan lips.
    And from our Trivial laborator ies: Saturn will float in a giant glass
    filled with vodka. A Trivial happening: Trivial's " Man of the Month"
    appears next week. comfortably in peace, naively un aware that somewhere
    several Uni versity staff members were secret ly creating another
    orientation pro gram .Carefully planned and elabor ately organized, they
    knew just what they were doing on that fatal night. The first day was
    "arrival." Ner vous freshmen hurried in to meet their roommates, anxious to
    be came best buddies-that is, after conniving their way to grab the better
    bed. Moans and cheers echo ed through the halls, reflecting our feelings
    toward the rooms. Mys teriously, there seemed to be an excess of moans. As
    we lunched with our parents we were pleasantly surprised to discover the
    good food produced by the cafeteria. The parents com mented frequently,
    approving the fine quality of food that we would be eating over the next
    four years. Yet many freshmen could not help sensing a forewarning doom, for
    this meal had all the markings of a " front." Expecting the next few days to
    be rather difficult in adjusting, we prepared to be guided into sophis
    ticated mannerisms of college men and women. We somehow knew that idea was
    completely wrong when we reported to assigned areas for an activity called "
    Games." In groups of ten people, one per son had to mold "invisible clay" as
    the other members of his group

Heading: Here are the facts about the new
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: Begins:
Content: 

Heading: SEPTEMBER 27,1970
Content: 

Heading: Deliveries: Hot Pizza from the kitchen of
Content: 

Heading: GARY'S FARMHOUSE
Content: 

Heading: Made by Kate--Tony's Original Pizza Maker
Content: 

Heading: BOTH SIZES--BUT NO SPECIALS
Content: 

Heading: Deliveries: Sunday --  Thursday nights
Content: 

Heading: 11:00 p.m. --  Midnight
Content: 

Heading: Where: Sem & O ff Hill Frats delivered to
Content: 

Heading: New Dorm Lounge -- 11:00-11:15
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: Frosh Quad Delivered to Roberts
Content: 

Heading: Lounge 11:15 -- 11:30
Content: 

Heading: *  Swartz & Other Frats Delivered to
Content: 

Heading: Swartz Launge 11:30 --  11:45
Content: 

Heading: How To Order: Call Gary's at 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: Place order anytime. Indude name, room and
Content: 

Heading: telephone numbers. Order must be received
Content: 

Heading: 20 minutes prior to delivery time.
Content: 

Heading: Cost: All Prices will be 20c above menu
Content: 

Heading: With no Charge for takeout and no tax.
Content: 

Heading: How To Pay: All Pizzas are C. O. D. at
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY AREAS
Content: guessed what he was creating. All went fine until one Mchaelangelo wouldn't stop
    molding until he had finished it to his satisfaction, des pite the fact that
    we had already guessed his object five minutes before that. At intervals
    during this session we talked to groups relating our personal feelings about
    the ex periences. This was to develop sen sitivity and release our
    inhibitions. However, at one point, someone became so open and revealing
    that it turned into an hour of "True Confessions." Also scheduled for
    orientation was a picnic and meeting of the deans at Cowan. Other groups had
    informed us that it was great, so my group became anxious for it. When our
    turn finally came we noisily boarded the buses under foreboding dribbles of
    rain. In time everyone was settled for the long trip, chatting happily with
    possible date prospects. The buses took off. Three minutes and four blocks
    later, we found ourselves paling out into Tustin Gym. Of course by then the
    rain was pouring down. As if that weren't bad enough, once inside the gym
    they segregated the girls from the guys into different rooms. It was quite
    an experience eating a picnic lunch on the gym floor desperately trying not
    to notice the basketballs bounce past. Thursday morning freshmen re ported
    to Vaughan Lit. auditorium for a series of tests designed to re veal
    important information. The at mosphere was tense, we were anx ious to do
    well on our first college test. The questions were tricky: " Do you walk
    faster or slower than most people?" . . . ." Do you usual ly, sometimes, or
    never go up stairs taking two at a time?" . . . . " Do you like your carrots
    cooked or raw?" . Some freshmen worried in depth about the implication be
    hind each question, the hidden meanings threatened subtley. The fifth day
    was indeed mome- tous, for the upperclassmen had finally all arrived and
    college had officially begun. Did the freshmen class show signs of alarm or
    su spicion? Did we panic on that first day of regular classroom routine?
    Indeed we did not! Ready and aware, we fell into the college pat tern quite
    easily; for within us lay the great confidence that if we could survive four
    long days of freshmen orientation, we were ready to conquer the world.
    making poor attendance one of the problems facing the Freshman Week
    Committee. Geoff Blood, a committee mem ber, attributed some of the disin
    terest to mistakes and inexperience of the orientation leaders and to
    activities that were not as "novel" to freshmen as expected. Many had
    already experienced sensitivity ses sions and some, such as Tim Horn- brook,
    felt that aspects of inter personal relationships were already a familiar
    thing. He felt that he was not being informed or stimulat ed to think about
    aspects of the University. Many other freshmen felt that they would rather
    have spent their time meeting people, and indicated that this should have
    been the major objective of Freshman Week. Geoff Blood explained that, since
    the University is people, this part of Freshman Orientation was im portant.
    Unfortunately, certain types of activities set up for this purpose failed
    miserably, as to the case of faculty speakers. Indeed, many of the
    activities the freshmen enjoyed were those which did encourage freshmen to
    meet people. Both Hombrook and Bohlen praised the introductory as pects of
    Freshman Week, and Rick Varner considered the second Micro-lab so effective
    that he ex pressed an interest in holding other Micro-labs throughout the
    semes ter. Generally, the events that fresh men liked most, such as trips to
    Cowan, dinners with Lewisburg families, and the WVBU Special, all tended to
    be unstructured ac tivities that encouraged people to meet. In viewing' the
    Freshman Week Program from the stance of an up perclassman, it is difficult
    to under stand how the background of the new freshmen affected their at
    titude toward the activities during Freshman Week. The act of going through
    the " college experience" can create a " generation gap"  of sorts between
    upperclassmen and freshmen, causing an Orientation Program to look good on
    paper but fail to measure up to the degree of sophistication of incoming
    fresh men. Geoff Blood indicated that if any one comes up with an ultimate
    Freshman Orientation Program, it is probably by chance. Relying on previous
    successes can be mislead ing, for the very activities which last year's
    freshmen praised, were generally panned this year. Ap parently, the liberal
    portions of luck and change which created last year's success failed to com
    bine in quite the same way to create a stimulating Freshman Orientation
    Program for 1970. " Private Eye" will be appearing soon in The Bucknellian.
    Please send all announcements of pinn- ings, engagements of marriages to "
    Private Eye," Box W-157, as soon as possible. The Campus wants to know . . .

Heading: 'Woodstock' Review Renders
Content: 

Heading: Economic-Social Commentary
Content: By DEAN LANDEW Features Editor's Note: One learns that " Woodstock"  is more
    than a movie in this semi-review of this week's Campus Theatre feature. It's
    been over a year since the world was shocked by the unique reality of
    counter-culture in Ameri- ca-the Woodstock Music and Arts Festival. We all
    know about the mud, the dope and the music, and whether you think that
    Woodstock was the greatest humanity trip or the most disgusting display of
    he donism ever is now passed. Even to ask why it happened is unimpor tant.
    The fundamental questions about Woodstock which are important con cern far
    greater economic and so cial issues. Regardless of the ideal ism of those
    350,000 people, certain pragmatic limitations were in herent and can now be
    viewed rationally. Primarily, the festival was finite. Everyone knew that
    they would be there for three days and thus, the rain and mud be came
    tolerable circumstances, as did the limited sanitation facilities. No matter
    what is said about the universal nonviloence of Woodstock, the expert work
    of the imported doctors kept a passively drugged crowd in good order by
    taking care of the bad trips. Economically, Woodstock has proved to be one
    of the all-time financial coups. Between posters, t-shirts, bumper stickers,
    a three- record album (with a 2-record set probably on the way) and a movie,
    the four producers plan to stand well in the black after predicting a 1-2
    million loss. Yes, it was the best of counter- f culture, at least the
    biggest. But to be sensible, two general obser vations about Woodstock
    should be acknowledged: that it could've never come off without the help,
    regardless of degree, of the out side Establishment; and that Wood- stock
    now is a name synonymous with dollar, and let's all be thank ful when the
    economic exploitation of this middle-class, white pheno menon ends. Since
    this is a movie review. I'll say a few words about Wood- stock (Warner
    Bros.). I liked it. On the levels of joy and sensuality, it's good stuff.
    Most of the movie is devoted to the music, which is gen erally pretty fair.
    In terms of the medium, the Who come off the best. Their audio-visual impact
    is tre mendous. Country Joe's " Fixin' to Die" rag is a classic performance,
    and Crosby, Stills and Nash add an inspiring dash of aesthetics, even though
    they're a bit out of tune. You get flashes of skinny-dipping, * dope, Port-
    o-Sans, mud slides, and interviews with freaks and town folks along the way.
    What else can I say? Taken at face value, it's highly recommendable
    entertain ment. As a documentary, partic ularly in light of what we now can
    infer, it's one-sided. So when you see it at the Campus this week, just
    think of all the free love, humanity and togetherness you'll be paying for.

Heading: Aid Increases Unlikely
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: SEPTEMBER. 25, 1970 (Continued from Page 3) cording to these statistics compiled
    by the CELB Freshman Class Pro files (1965-67) has only 13% of its freshman
    class on aid. Carnegie Mellon had a freshman class' of 800 last year -- one
    hun dred more than here. Yet they of fered more than $1,000,000 in aid to
    that class (compared to $338,000 by the University), and were able to put
    80% of those students needing aid on their assistance list. But what does
    this mean in terms of the future? How can we relate the lack of adequate
    finan cial aid to the University's future. An article in the New York Times
    stated that Ivy League schools are beginning to have financial dif ficulties
    and that they are fearing that they may become "elitist uni versities"--only
    for the very rich and the very poor. Mr. John Zeller, vice president for
    business and finance, said "There is a real danger of Buck- nell becoming
    elitist. But if we put the emphasis on giving money to the best qualified
    students, who are spread out on the economic scale, there is a lesser
    danger. If we use our money, however, to bring in disadvantaged students
    solely on. that basis, we run the risk of cut ting out the middle class."
    The future ds not bright. Zeller said, "The demands on the budget are so
    great that it is unlikely that there will be substantial increase in
    scholarship. This is primarily due to inflation and other costs." The
    richly-endowed schools are- beginning to worry about their lack of aid for
    tall students needing it, and "elitism."  The University has been there1 for
    years, and the fore cast is that it will be there for some years to come.

Heading: Cbe^puttmellian
Content: 

Heading: 9P O R T S
Content: 

Heading: Bison Receiver Works
Content: 

Heading: In Defensive Backfield
Content: 

Heading: V
Content: By KEN DOAK Although the Herd dropped a 10-3 decision to Temple Saturday one
    bright spot was the all-around play of senior Paul Gilewicz. He hauled in
    seven passes at split end, and turned a good effort at comer- back on
    defense. - Paul felt that "we hurt ourselves more than Temple hurt us,"  and
    hopes that the mistakes can be re duced for tomorrow's game with tough
    Baldwin-Wallace. " We'U be put to the test this week,"  he said. Gil will
    have his work cut out for him at the comer as he will be covering Tom
    Graham, a 9.6 sprinter and a fine receiver. And because the Bisons use only
    three deep men, there won't be much help available. This is the first year
    Gilewicz has been used on defense, and he feels it is more challenging than
    offense. "There's a lot of pressure A on the corner." Due to his lack of
    game experi ence at the position, he's having some trouble at reading plays
    quickly enough and reacting to them. Paul credits Coach Larry Land- ini and
    safety Gene Luccarelli with speeding his development (and soph Jim
    Cassidy's) on defense. According to him, " Luccarelli helps us quit a bit.
    We're actually ro okies back there. He's taught us a lot." On offense, he
    prefers the three- <end offense the Bisons are employ ing this season over
    the three-back formation of previous years. With Gilewicz, Cassidy, tight-
    end Jay Griffin, and back-up receiver Bob Ciperson all catching the
    football, there's less defensive pressure on each man. As Paul commented, "
    It's better having three really good receivers in there. We complement each
    other well." He also gave a share of the credit for the passing attack to
    improved pass-blocking and to QB Greg Dov- iak. " I think Greg's throwing
    the ball well this year." In preparation for tomorrow's game, Gilewicz is
    working on get ting off the ball quicker, and on improving his deep
    patterns. He realizes that a deep threat is neces sary to loosen up the
    defense. After starting as a running back his freshman year, Paul was moved
    outside early in his sophomore sea son and found he enjoyed the role of a
    receiver better. Despite the injuries which have victimized Gilewicz in his
    first two season's ds a Bison, he has been the workhorse of the pass catch
    ing corps. He has led the Bisons to recep tions the past two seasons, and
    judging from the opener, he is well on his way to a third straight team-
    leadership. If Bucknell is to put to gether a successful season, a lot will
    depend on the pass-catching, and defensive play, of Paul Gile-

Heading: The Top
Content: 

Heading: Twenty
Content: 1. Texas 2. Mississippi 3. Penn State 4. Missouri 5. Houston 6. Notre Dame 7.
    Stanford 8. Southern Cal 9. Nebraska 10. Arkansas 11. Tennessee 12. Auburn
    13. West Virginia 14. Michigan 15. Purdue 16. Alabama 17. Florida 18. UCLA
    19. Air Force 20. San Diego State

Heading: Track & Field
Content: There will be a meeting for all those interested in competing to intercollegiate
    track and field this year on Monday, September 28, 1970. The time is 4:45
    and the place is the scoreboard on the soccer field. Also anyone interested
    in being a Manager for cross country and/ or track should also attend this
    meeting.

Heading: Concert Tickets
Content: Season tickets for the Concert series will be sold at the bookstore until Sept.
    26. Individual tickets for the Miles Davis Concert are al so on sale.

Heading: Harmon* s
Content: 

Heading: Forecast
Content: By TOM HARMON We really don't think you'll need a dictionary or a copy of Who's
    Who's to read our first top 20 of the 1970 season. Most of the fecas are
    probably all too familiar. Texas is still unchallenged for that Number One
    position, and the Longhorns will solidify the top spot with a 28-point
    spanking of Texas Tech this Saturday. Sixth-ranked Notre Dame will be
    waiting to boil the Fifteenth-rated Riveters of Pur due, the only game the
    Irish lost during the regular 1969 season. The " spoiler"  will be played in
    South Bend, and it looks like a 5-point re venge victory for Notre Dame.
    Though a little late in appearing onstage for the 1970 football season, the
    Ohio State Buckeyes plan to make up for lost time. Texas A & M is the first
    guest, and they'll be treated rather poorly. The Bucks will whip the Aggies
    by 22 points. And after a breather last Satur day, 7th-ranked Stanford moves
    in to Pacific Coast Conference action against Oregon. The Ducks may be
    tough, but the Indians will be much tougher - Stanford by 26. Mississippi,
    Southern California, and Nebraska, Nos. 2, 8, and 9 res pectively, should
    have things fairly easy Saturday. The Rebels take on Kentucky as they start
    their quest for the Southern Conference crown. Mississippi will beat the
    Wildcats by 27 points. The Trojans bump into Big Ten competition, but
    they'll have little trouble beating Iowa by 21. And Nebraska will conquer
    the Cadets of West Point by 26 points. Rated third in our national rank
    ings, Penn State travels to Colorado for an inter-sectional battle. The
    Buffaloes are Big Eight title con tenders . . Penn State is out to keep its
    amazing undefeated streak alive. The Nittany Lions will win by six teen. Two
    prides of the Southwest Con ference bump head-on in the Big One of the day.
    llth-ranked Ten nessee will just slip by 12th-ranked Auburn by a single
    point. Michigan No. 14, will whup Wash ington by 12, and powerful Houston,
    rated 5th, is 20 points stronger than Oklahoma State. 10th-ranked Ark ansas
    will bury Tulsa by 38 points. Alabama Arizona State Arkansas Boston College
    Baldw in-W all. Columbia Cornell East Carolina Holy Cross Houston Lehigh
    Michigan Missouri Mississippi Nebraska Notre Dame Penn State Pittsburgh
    Princeton Richmond San Diego S. Southern Cal. Stanford Tennessee Texas

Heading: UCLA
Content: West Virginia 23 Florida 31 Kansas State 38 Tulsa 24 Navy 27 Bucknell 20
    Lafayette 21 Colgate 16 The Citadel 17 Temple 34 Oklahoma S. 15 Pennsylvania
    26 Washington 21 Air Force 40 Kentucky 33 Army 22 Purdue 26 Coloraado 17
    Baylor 28 Rutgers 24 Davidson 66 Los Angeles 31 Iowa 33 Oregon 22 Auburn 35
    Texas Tech, 32 Narthwestem 56 VMI

Heading: Corsages -- Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: Rights Reserved To Umlt Quantities. Prices Subisci To Pa. Sales Tax Wire re
    Applicable.

Heading: KEYSTONE
Content: 

Heading: OFFERS A
Content: 

Heading: LESSON IN
Content: 

Heading: ECONOMICS
Content: Coupons void after September 30

Heading: (for students only)
Content: 

Heading: KEYSTONE
Content: 

Heading: DISCOUNT
Content: 

Heading: HEALTH " and
Content: 

Heading: BEAUTY AID
Content: 

Heading: ^CENTERS
Content: 

Heading: 232 Market Street Lewisburg
Content: 

Heading: Student Coupon
Content: 

Heading: ANTISEPTIC
Content: 

Heading: MOUTHWASH I
Content: 

Heading: FULL QUART
Content: 

Heading: with
Content: 

Heading: AE AE t*
Content: 

Heading: Bed or Amber.
Content: 

Heading: This
Content: 

Heading: # |  / | C
Content: 

Heading: Kill<< Cold Germs
Content: Co troop

Heading: Compare at $2.09
Content: 

Heading: Student Conpon
Content: 

Heading: ENKASHEER PANTY HOSE
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: 

Heading: Beautiful Shades
Content: 

Heading: st Quality Hose In
Content: 

Heading: , Med. or Lg. Sizes
Content: 

Heading: r. Sugg. List 1.49
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: l l l l i l l  Student Conpon
Content: 

Heading: Nylon
Content: 

Heading: Tip
Content: 

Heading: WITH PURCHASE OF $1.00 OR MORE
Content: 

Heading: WHILE OUR SUPPLY LASTS
Content: 

Heading: Student Coupon
Content: 

Heading: "SS*
Content: 

Heading: TOOTHPASTE
Content: 

Heading: 6.75 Ounce Tube
Content: 

Heading: Regular or Flouride
Content: 

Heading: Compare
Content: 

Heading: at $1-09
Content: 

Heading: >! Shop KEYSTONE
Content: 

Heading: FARTHER ON EVEI
Content: j r mm

Heading: ufey!i
Content: iMiW <lWH*-* irmtnrim #BVflMEMEMiawnaHHiMHiMMMM**** _ _______

Heading: UH
Content: .....

Heading: MM--
Content: ---- ' ---------------------- -- ------------- 1 --------

Heading: M--
Content: -- m

Heading: Talented Toes
Content: 

Heading: Big Blue Booters Defend
Content: 

Heading: 1969 MAC Championship
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE Craig Reynolds is eagerly look ing forward to his fourth year
    as head coach for the Bison booters. Last year's championship soccer squad
    assembled a strong 10-1-2 record but left Coach Reynolds with only two
    starters. Coach Reynolds feels that, " Even though we're in experienced, we
    do have a lot of talented boys with plenty of spirit." The inexperience is
    obviously going to be the sore point in this year's squad but Reynolds
    really isn't kicking, "This unit exhibited some really fine work in their
    practice games so far." Heading the list of Reynold's re turnees is Glenn
    Mars, this year's captain. Last year the 6' 1"  senior operated at halfback
    but Reynolds has moved him up front to the line to take advantage of Glen's
    talent ed toe. Reynolds feels that this year's squad has more scoring
    potential than last year as he has switched to a five man offensive line
    with junior Jim Davenport, and sopho mores Tom Miller, Joe Steinmetz, and
    Bob Young revolving around Glenn Mars. A serious blow early in practice was
    the loss of junior defensive fullback Larry Greenwood, one of

Heading: Thundering Herd Matches
Content: 

Heading: Baldwin
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: Wallace Gridders
Content: SaBREl

Heading: wm
Content: >> X 3

Heading: m
Content: mki*

Heading: !!jj% I
Content: 

Heading: PS
Content: ' '*

Heading: I Ili
Content: 

Heading: J  $  1
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: M'
Content: a

Heading: ilililf j
Content: * *

Heading: !#S
Content: Bison soccer Captain, Glenn Mars, has been moved from half-back to center
    forward this year to add some punch to the offense. the nod over Malar.
    Coach Reynolds is confident that this year's Thundering Herd will provide
    some stiff competition and that the key to a successful season is how well
    his starters retain their confidence against Pitt and Rut gers, the first
    two and, probably the toughest teams, the booters will face all year. He
    also stated that, " The record of this year's team will depend on how fast
    it matures and how fast their team play can develop." Coach Reynolds should
    be able to get a good look at his kickers under pressure this Saturday at
    eleven o'clock when the varsity hosts the Penn State Soccer Club, which is
    composed of highly skilled graduate foreign students. By RICHARD VROON The
    Bison gridmen are preparing to face one of their most difficult opponents
    tomorrow, Baldwin-Wal- lace. Not much evidence is needed to confirm such a
    statement, for BW has lost only two games in the past two years. They
    yielded an average of only 66 yards per game last year, while gaining an
    average of 431 yards. Baldwin-Wallace's ex plosive offense, primarily of the
    wide open type, averaged about 40 points a game. To compensate for their
    only weakness, lack of size, BW has tremendous speed which is difficult to
    defend against. Head Coach Fred Prender plans to send the same starting
    squad that fought Temple against Bald- win-Wallace. According to the coach,
    injuries so far have been mostly confined to the bumps and bruises evpected
    from a hard- fought football game. The coaches and the team have been
    working very hard in preparation. While improvement is sought in all phases
    of the game, Coach Prender feels it is especially necessary to im prove the
    Bisons' offense. The Bi sons need to get the ball to the outside on runs,
    which they seldom accomplished against Temple's zone defense. Meanwhile, the
    de fense hopes to hold opponents to ten points or less, as they accomp
    lished in the Temple game. Coach Prender feels the Bisons played hard and
    never gave up last Saturday, and with the team's morale and desire holding
    up well, he feels that his squad will put forth the same hard effort and
    spirit against Baldwin-Wallace.

Heading: Players of the Week
Content: 

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: H
Content: f Fullback Larry Greenwood, one of two returning lettermen has been sidelined
    with an injury. He is ex pected to return to action shortly after the Pitt
    game this coming Wednesday. last year's two returning starters. Greenwood is
    due to report to action soon after the season opener against Pitt on the
    thirtieth but Reynolds feels that he has made a real find in freshman
    replacement, Mike Novack, who will start in Greenwood's place. Novak has
    shown up real well in practice and Coach Reynolds feels that this year's
    freshman squad is one of the strongest in years. Joining Novak as a
    defensive fullback will be Rich Baum, a sophmore. Meanwhile, in the all
    Lloyd Ryysylainen seems to have '69 Soccer Standings B1SONS 5 0 0

Heading: DELAWARE
Content: 3 2 0

Heading: LAFAYETTE
Content: 3 2 0

Heading: LEHIGH
Content: 3 2 0

Heading: RIDER
Content: 1 4 0

Heading: GETTYSBURG
Content: 0 ' 5 0 John Klenovic of Niles, 0 . and Joe DiOrio of Somers Point, N. J. were
    named Bucknell players of the week for outstanding play in last Saturday's
    10-3 loss to Temple. Klenovic, a center, received the offensive award for
    his excellent blocking against the Owls. The 5-10, 200-pound junior received
    a high grade on the films and put in a top notch game against much larg er
    opponents. Coach Fred Prender said, " John did a tremendous job. He was our
    regular center last year, but has been pressed for a starting berth in pre-
    season. John worked hard to keep his slot and it has paid off. DiOrio was
    cited for outstanding play at defensive tackle. The 6-2, 210-pound junior
    played the entire game on defense and was in on a great number of tackles.
    Prender said, " Joe played a great game. He gained a lot of ex-

Heading: T R A I L  R I D E S
Content: 

Heading: Horses leave every
Content: 

Heading: evening 6:30, Monday
Content: 

Heading: through Thursday
Content: 

Heading: Call 523-0413
Content: 

Heading: UGGETT'S
Content: 

Heading: RIDING STABLE
Content: 

Heading: LIVE LIVE LIVE!!
Content: 

Heading: Tomorrow Night in
Content: 

Heading: DAVIS GYM
Content: 

Heading: MILES DAVIS
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: Ifi A Beautiful Day
Content: 

Heading: Tickets my be purchased
Content: 

Heading: at the door for $4.50
Content: 

Heading: Show Starts at 8:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: SEPT. 25, 1970

Heading: North and South, East and West,
Content: 

Heading: Voung and Old. Rich and Poor,
Content: 

Heading: p e w  arid Gentile,
Content: 

Heading: Black and W hite and Brown*
Content: 

Heading: and Yellow and Red,
Content: 

Heading: This town, this city,
Content: 

Heading: this state, this country
Content: 

Heading: bleeds a little every day.
Content: 

Heading: O pen your heart.
Content: 

Heading: Empty your hands.
Content: 

Heading: And roll up your sleeves.
Content: 

Heading: W ith The Am erican Red Cross.
Content: [R o

Heading: M
Content: A  your sleeves^ ubut<<d for the public good

Heading: AMERICAN RED CROSS CAMPAIGN
Content: NEWSPAPER AD MAT ARC-137-70 j*-4pk <<MWlheBMr i #r

Heading: V
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: k
Content: NO PLACE TO GO--The Bison defensive line closes around a running back against
    Temple. The linemen will hafve their hands full with the speedy B-W Yellow
    Jackets. (photo by Bob Amold>

Heading: Part-time Booters
Content: 

Heading: Indies, PKP Lead IM Soccer
Content: 

Heading: TX
Content: 2 B 1

Heading: C
Content: 1

Heading: SPE
Content: 0 LCA 2

Heading: SAE
Content: 2

Heading: TDX
Content: 1 IND 3

Heading: TKE
Content: 1

Heading: KDR
Content: 0 PGD 2 RAM 4

Heading: PGD
Content: 0 A 2

Heading: D
Content: 1

Heading: SX
Content: 0 SX deft.

Heading: SAM
Content: Wednesday

Heading: KDR
Content: 1 KS 2

Heading: SPE
Content: 0

Heading: DU
Content: 0 C 1

Heading: A
Content: 0

Heading: D
Content: 0 SAE 1

Heading: SAM
Content: 0 perience last year and he is now taking advantage of his knowledge this
    season. We're expecting some good things from Joe in his next two years.
    Both athletes were honored with plaques by the Lewisburg Touch down Club at
    its weekly meeting on Wednesday. Monday Tuesday RAM 4

Heading: DU
Content: 1 PKP 8 SAE 0

Heading: IND
Content: 5 LCA 2 LCA 1 PKP 1

Heading: E
Content: 4 The leading scorer in the intra mural soccer program at this point is Kent
    Kisenbauer of the IND team, with four tallies. Other high scorers include:
    Delcoro of SAE, Neil Shiffler of

Heading: G m m
Content: LCA, and Charlie Van Fleet of LCA all of whom have scored twice in the first
    week of play. The Standings League I League

Heading: II
Content: 

Heading: LCA
Content: 1 0 2 IND 2 0 0)

Heading: SAE
Content: 1 0 2 RAM 1 1 9

Heading: KDR
Content: 1 0 1 PGD 1 1 9

Heading: SX
Content: 1 1 0 TKE 0 1 9

Heading: SAM
Content: 0 2 0 TX 0 1 0 League III League 'IV

Heading: PKP
Content: 2 0 0 C 1' 0 1

Heading: KS
Content: 1 0 0 E 1 0 9

Heading: DU
Content: 1 1 0 A 1 1 9

Heading: TDX
Content: 0 1 0 B 0 0 1

Heading: SPE
Content: 0 2 0 D 0 2 9 ----- WHATS PLAYING? -----

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: FRI., SAT.. SUN., MON., TUES.
Content: 

Heading: people'
Content: 

Heading: u i o o d /t o < k
Content: >>tarring Joan b o e i * Jo* cocker * country Joe & the fi>>h e erojby.itiflt &
    nodi artoguthrie * rich>> haven* * jim ihendrix e wntono <<john tebajtian *
    thoHKHia tly & the fondy >>tone * ten yean after>> the who e and 400,000
    other beautiful people.

Heading: a film by IT H C h Q e l W O C l l(c) IQ h  * produced by
Content: 

Heading: bob
Content: 

Heading: m au rice  *a  wadleigh-maurice.ltd.
Content: 

Heading: production * technicolor(r)
Content: 

Heading: One Evening Performance at 7:45
Content: 

Heading: Two Shows Saturday-- 6:30 and 9:30
Content: 

Heading: Ind. Price
Content: 

Heading: Season Ticket
Content: 

Heading: CHICAGO
Content: 

Heading: $5.50
Content: 

Heading: $3.95
Content: 

Heading: THE BAND
Content: 

Heading: $5.50
Content: 

Heading: $3.95
Content: 

Heading: JOHN SEBASTIAN
Content: 

Heading: $4.50
Content: 

Heading: $2.00
Content: 

Heading: MILES DAVIS
Content: 

Heading: $4.50
Content: 

Heading: $2.10
Content: 

Heading: $20.00
Content: 

Heading: $12.00
Content: 

Heading: LAST CHANCE! Season Tickets Available
Content: 

Heading: AT THE DOOR
Content: 

Heading: FOR TOMORROW NIGHT'S
Content: 

Heading: CONCERT
Content: 

Heading: ONLY $12.00
Content: m m

Heading: 'It's A Beautiful Day'
Content: 

Heading: Tries to Save Concert
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 6
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. 1970
Content: By MICKEY SINKUS and ED FEIBEL Amid heat, lightning, sweat and paper airplanes,
    Miles Davis and " It's a Beautiful Day"  poured out the initial sounds of
    the 1970-71 Uni versity concert schedule. The two performances, so different
    in style, minute shift was repeated another four times, a much too sophisti
    cated Davis found his way off the stage amid cool or even cold ova tion that
    he barely deserved. As is quite possible when two persons write on the same
    subject, opposing views present themselves. Although we, as most, were in
    com plete agreement on the Davis half of the show, some different judge-
    (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: JBudmellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Free Conversation Keynotes Colloquy
Content: 

Heading: Hot Air
Content: Miles Davis blows trumpet in con cert Saturday night in Davis Gym. (photo by
    Matt Kuehn) nevertheless had one thing in com mon--their music was
    refreshingly unique. Somehow, Miles Davis found the stage and led bis group
    in a 46 minute jam session. For ten min utes, shared by his trumpet, a sax,
    and an organ, an alien form of jazz, (probably termed progressive) fell upon
    a startled but agreeable audience. But after the same ten By DAVID HAMMER
    One tends to generally character ize a Colloquy's " success"  on the basis
    of involvement; but perhaps Resident Colloquy 1970 is best de scribed in
    terms af active partici pation, for it was this trait which especially
    marked the fall weekend. One innovation which sparked such participation was
    the lack of panels and long-winded lecturing, and the presence of
    professional guests with few stated assignments and a real interest in
    fielding ques tions from an interested audience or performing in such a way
    that one could sense they enjoyed their work. Dr. Herbert Puryear answered
    inquiries in his " Science and the Psychic Mind" seminar ranging from the
    analysis of dreams to the workings of the ouija board, while other speakers
    like Professor Tran Van Dinh of SUNY likewise left ample time for open,
    diverse, ques tions on such topics as involvement in Vietnam and revolution.
    Both, thus, advanced the theme of " free conversation"  to all who attended
    and, as did the other guests, added to an atmosphere which can best be
    described as " open." And the open atmosphere cer tainly lent itself to a
    Colloquy which became considerably " personali zed"  in comparison to some
    in years past. One rarely felt himself asking a question for a reason other
    than pure interest and could have easily conceived of many of the events as
    being constructed almost solely for his own education. But one must not
    believe that the personalization divided individuals from each other,
    enclosing in pro tective shells, for the effects of group participation and
    enjoyment were obvious. Whether one was part of the " 100 in a hat"  with
    James Lee Byars (noted New York artist), an observe r/participant of the
    Miles Davis and " It's a Beauti ful Day"  concert or a viewer of Lon Chaney
    silently stalking in a cellar largely resembling Roberts Hall, that one must
    have felt a part of a group which was interested in what seemed this fall
    Colloquy's philosophy of life: to enjoy living while experiencing and
    learning. This philosophy was considerably evident in so many Colloquy hap
    penings. The Mixed-Media-Music Theatre, by Roger Hannay, Don Evans and
    Jackson Hill, with stu dent assistance, provided experi ence in the form of
    specially-edited films and a barrage of color and sound which was enough to
    evoke a response from any kind of ob server, while " The Gleanings, " James
    Clouser and Sonja Zarek, of fered music and dance perform ances befitting
    their professional ism, culminating in a Chapel ses sion which all but
    shocked hard line churchgoers who believe that real, honest participation
    has no place in religious service. And who can ever forget lovable, little
    Alice in her upside-down, topsy-turvy, Walt Disney wonderland? Indeed, films
    played an important role in the Colloquy schedule. A Man For All Seasons,
    Fahrenheit 451 (the temperature at which book paper burns), Titicut Follies
    and (at the Campus) Woodstock, along with the others previously men tioned,
    created a celluloid cross- section promising to stimulate al most every
    viewing taste. The stated theme of " Human Po- (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Homecoming 1970
Content: The Homecoming Queen for 1970 is Veda Ward. Her attend ants are Heidi Blair,
    Cindy Bland, Sue Conn, Sandie Ould, and Renee Ronyecs.

Heading: Food Committee Recommends Veto
Content: 

Heading: Of Proposed Dining Arrangement
Content: 

Heading: Cool Breeze
Content: 'It's A Beautiful Day"  clears up rainy Saturday night. (photo by Matt Kuehn) By
    TERRY ELLIS Based on findings of Sept. 22, the Dining Halls Advisory
    Committee has recommended that no change should occur in the present dining
    hall arrangement. The decision was made following an informal student
    opinion survey and an examination of a proposed dining change submitted by
    Pete Holmes. In a memorandum responding to an ABS motion recommending a
    possible reassignment of dining ar rangements, John Dunlop, Deem of Student
    Affairs and chairman of the Committee, stated: " I am sat isfied that the
    Committee has done its work well, and based on their findings, I cannot
    encourage a re-

Heading: Faculty Deliberates Senate Plan
Content: Another stepping stone was cross ed early yesterday evening when the faculty met
    for a continuing discussion of the Senate proposal. The motion on the floor
    is to con sider the entire proposal as a unit. In essence, President Charles
    Watts said that after the October 5 vote next week, there would still be
    more discussion on the proposal. I* Before the floor was opened for
    questions, President Watts an nounced that the Andrew Mellon Foundation had
    granted $200,000 for the " enhancement of the faculty" over a three year
    period. For 75 minutes, the 8Q odd faculty members and 5 ABS representa
    tives sat and followed Roberts Rules of Order as the floor was open to
    questions. Semantics and correct wording were the main concerns last night
    and even President Watts agreed

Heading: A B S L .U . R.
Content: The following were elected ABS living Unit Representatives. New Dorm: Lynda
    Roscoe Beth Wright Schwartz: Neil Hendershot Len Clayton Houses/cottage:
    Steve Meilleur Hunt: Marjde Janda Fraternities: Kirk Speicher Jay Griffin
    Jim Ludwig that " there are holes"  in the doc ument. The four-man committee
    headed by Professor Ralph Spaelman has formulated new wordings on sec tions
    of the Senate proposal con cerning consultants for committees, budgetary
    process, functions of the Senate and the committee an aca demic policy. In
    the course of the uneventful meeting, the election of adminis trative
    members to the Senate was clarified. They may not serve two consecutive full
    terms. An old argument-discussion was continued this week on the " au-

Heading: ROTO Enacts New
Content: 

Heading: Options for Cadets
Content: By NANCY GRDEN Two changes in policy for ROTC cadets have recently been enacted,
    announced Captain V. J. Tedesco, Jr. As of September 1, all ROTC graduates
    will be permitted to de lay active duty up to two years for the purpose of
    earning a Master's degree. In the past, ROTC cadets ac cepting a commission
    in the reg ular army had difficulty in getting approval to go to graduate
    school, and those with ROTC scholarships had to rank within the top 5% of
    all scholarship cadets to receive permission to go right to graduate school
    without serving at least two years 'in active duty. thority"  of the
    University. Presi dent Watts said that it " tends to follow reasonable
    action and wis dom. We are dealing with a kind of constitutional document."
    He saw the need to be precise where the word authority was concerned. In the
    necessity for faculty mem bers to have a voice, Professor J. Peeled said "
    it would not be de sirable to burden the faculty as a body with increased
    responsibility. In practice, it's going to depend on willingness to make it
    work." Professor Spielman commented on the question of division of labor. He
    said, " Here is a matter in winch this organization will have a ten dency to
    worry about conflict." In answer to a question concern ing the ABS role in
    the studying of the Senate proposal, ABS Presi dent Dave Lacey said that he
    wanted to wait until the procedure bad been deliberated in the faculty.
    However, Lacey said he was dis appointed that the Senate proposal is not the
    original one. " One of the original concerns is that it was not clear how
    much participation the students had except on some of the committees. One
    concern among the students is that we might have too many students involved
    . . . We do need more time to consider it." Lacey mentioned that it was dif
    ficult for ABS to deliberate on the Senate proposal because of the one week
    time deadline before the fac ulty comes to a vote on the motion and because
    of Hie difficulty of procuring the document on a wider basis. assignment
    because of the suffici ent evidence that such a move would go against the
    apparent wishes of upperclassmen and fresh men." Results of the Committee's
    sur vey seemed to indicate that of the freshmen polled, the majority pre
    ferred maintaining the present sys tem. The survey included approxi mately
    80% of Harris, 60% of Lari- son, 50% of Trax, and a majority of Roberts.
    Many freshmen in Roberts also recommended a change enabling those on the
    hill to eat breakfast in Swartz. Miss Pluemacher, Di rector of Food
    Services, indicated, however, that it would not be pos sible to accomodate
    more people in Swartz without an equal number leaving. Among upperclassmen
    polled, were many women in Hunt Hall and students in International House.
    The general consensus was that a change would not greatly increase class
    interaction and that there seemed little need for reassign ment. In regards
    to the proposal submit ted by Pete Holmes, the Committee felt that the
    disruption of the stu dents caused by a change would be greater than
    possible interaction between upperclassmen and fresh men. Because of the
    number of stu dents involved and the present ratio of freshmen in each
    cafeteria, any one freshman would be in possible contact with only one
    fourth of the upperclassmen for just six weeks

Heading: No Change
Content: Pete Holmes sees proposal for new dining arrangement defeated. (photo by Ed
    Marston) of the year, thus producing limited contact between classes. The
    Committee also felt that the one to one assignment program had met with
    little success in the past and would not prove any more suc cessful in the
    future.

Heading: 'Bucknellian' Receives Honors
Content: 

Heading: For Second Semester Issues
Content: The Bucknellian, has been award ed a first class honor rating by the National
    Critical Service of the As sociated Collegiate Press. The award is based on
    the an alysis of the newspapers published during second semester of the
    l969- 70 year, under the editorship of Paul Osher with Eric Riess as ex
    ecutive editor. This is the third consecutive se mester that the newspaper
    has achieved the first class rating the highest rating possible on the basis
    of scorebook points. In addition to the ratings by points, the student
    newspaper was awarded marks of distinction for outstanding achievement in
    the cat- agories of content and coverage and editorial leadership. It was
    the first time that The Bucknellian received marks of dis tinction in any
    catagory. Based at the University of Min nesota, School of Journalism, the
    NCS-ACP rates collegiate news papers from all over the country. After
    classfying publications ac cording to the number of times the newspaper is
    published and the size of the schools, all entries are judged .
    comparitively with first class ratings given to the best in each group.
    Newspapers are judged in the m ajor catagories of content and coverage,
    writing and editing, edi torial leadership, physical appear ance, and
    photography. Points are awarded in each cate gory with marks of distinction
    awarded for " outstanding achieve* ment."

Heading: E
Content: 1 1 to e t

Heading: #H H H M M H H a iM H I
Content: #H M M H B N H H M M H H H B M IH i << h m m m n

Heading: M I
Content: i i i

Heading: IM I
Content: 

Heading: The Meaning o f Commitment
Content: 

Heading: p i t c k n e l l i a n
Content: 

Heading: This University needs to commit
Content: 

Heading: itself to reality.
Content: 

Heading: We need to leave our
Content: 

Heading: world of illusions and confront the real
Content: 

Heading: world which we have been artfully dodg
Content: 

Heading: ing for so long.
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 1

Heading: More than anything else, this Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity needs to make itself emotionally
Content: 

Heading: aware of the fact that there is a world
Content: 

Heading: beyond these hallowed halls, which does
Content: 

Heading: affect the (University's affairs and ought
Content: 

Heading: to affect its structures.
Content: 

Heading: We must widen our recruiting ef
Content: 

Heading: forts and end our competition with
Content: 

Heading: schools like Harvard and Princeton for
Content: 

Heading: equally qualified black students. We
Content: 

Heading: must look harder for the qualified stu
Content: 

Heading: dents, searching them out. Funds for
Content: 

Heading: scholarship aid cannot be diverted from
Content: 

Heading: a white student body which now only re
Content: 

Heading: ceives aid for thirteen per cent of its
Content: 

Heading: numbers. We must realize that we are
Content: 

Heading: not an elitist institution, but are on our
Content: 

Heading: way to establishing a sort of second-
Content: 

Heading: string aristocracy. We must begin to
Content: 

Heading: meet the real needs of the University.
Content: 

Heading: In denying ourselves the stimulus of
Content: 

Heading: a faculty and student body drawn from
Content: 

Heading: diverse backgrounds and cultures, the
Content: 

Heading: University is depriving itself of an im
Content: 

Heading: portant source of cultural development
Content: 

Heading: and intellectual growth. By failing to
Content: 

Heading: adapt its structures to deal with the real
Content: 

Heading: problems of American society, we risk
Content: 

Heading: losing experiences beneficial in future
Content: 

Heading: dealings with reality. The greatest loss
Content: 

Heading: will be suffered by students who, raised
Content: 

Heading: all their lives in white, upper middle class
Content: 

Heading: bastions, will not be able to deal with
Content: 

Heading: the complexities of people.
Content: 

Heading: It is high time that we open our
Content: 

Heading: selves to all the possibilities inherent in
Content: 

Heading: an expanding, diversified world. We
Content: 

Heading: must realize that $600,000 in scholar
Content: 

Heading: ship aid is far too small a sum for a
Content: 

Heading: school which prides itself on its academic
Content: 

Heading: capabilities. We must make a real effort
Content: 

Heading: to change structures and procedures de
Content: 

Heading: veloped solely for suburbia. We must
Content: 

Heading: meet the needs of the rest of society.
Content: 

Heading: We should aspire to something more
Content: 

Heading: than being the most WASPish school in
Content: 

Heading: the hive.
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAI. STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1887. Published twice w <<U y  d i^ g  the coUege yeM. of Associated
    Collegiate Press. Annual subscription. $7 00, W >> >>  "  JJJJ, vance.
    Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, a P(r)** office at
    Lewisburg, Pa. under the act oPS March 3>> 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEENBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant rtt . t .

Heading: LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any Issue and take a stand we deem to toe best the University, to
    treat every issue with the responsibility ** us in a free society to be
    constructively critical when necessary as well as laudatory when
    appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and in tegrity. Editorials
    appearing on this page reflect the majority opinion of tha editorial board
    and that of the editors. Signed columns present the views only of the
    authors. All letters should be addressed to the Editor, and must, be recc e
    d  no later Saturday noon for publication in toe Tuesday edition and Wednes
    day noon for publication in the Friday edition. All letters must be signed
    and typed double-spaced: however, namea may be withheld upon request. The
    Editor reserves the right to choose all letters for publication, and to edit
    any letter chosen for reasons of space restrictions, grammatical change and
    offensive language.

Heading: Congratulations
Content: To the Editor: Congratulations to the class of 1942 for finding another empty
    space on campus to be filled with trivia. Dick Pfann

Heading: A1 Stevens
Content: To the Editor: I would like to use your columns (D oric or Ionic?) to personally
    answer " A1 Steven's" letter of such and such a date. First, of all, Mr. So-
    called Ste vens, m y men have tracked you down. We know who you are, and
    that bunny suit, putty nose and obviously fake cotton tail will do you no
    good now. Your identity came as little sur prise. I suspected all along that
    it was you. It was, and you always have been. And probably always will be,
    for you are that type of guy. I remember your actions in the Moan of
    Princeton '69 which you so glibly mentioned. As I recall, you were the one
    who put on the lam p shade and your aunt's dress and sang two choruses of "
    I Wish I Was a Washing Machine, wisha squisha gurgle."  So don't go brag
    ging now. Yes, you have always been an off-center dissenter who won't enter
    and banter like Santa. Oh no, Mr. Golden Throated Warbler. But Real ly! This
    last stunt of yours just too much, using a pen name so that people will
    think that you must be the originator of the Moan. Try ing to take the
    credit away from me like you did that night after the tiger hunt in Bengal.
    Lillian will never forgive you, and I am sim i-

Heading: =LA PASTICHE1
Content: 

Heading: Saber Rattling
Content: By RICK VANCE; Ya know, the strangest things happen to m e at night. It was two
    in the morning. I was strolling leisurely between the botany building and
    Kress, and suddenly there it was: a flashing, disc shaped slivver of light.
    It hovered overhead then landed not thirty feet away. A little creature
    about four feet tall in bis unstockinged feet, one-eyed, large-eared, and
    orangish-green in color, emerged from  the craft, walked confidently to ward
    m e, and commanded in perfect English, " Take m e to your leader. " My
    leader?" " Yes, Earthman. I'd like to see Richard, ah let me see now,
    Richard Dickens." " You mean Richard Nixon." " Yeah, that's the name. Take
    me to see him ." " Make up your mind. Do you wanna see Nixon or our leader?
    "I wasn't aware there was any difference between the two." " You haven't
    been here very long, have ya buddy?" " No, I guess not, " he replied, and so
    saying, he motioned me to enter the craft. Minutes later we were hovering
    over the White House, and fi nally, having spotted Nixon's office, we glided
    through its open window (it was a rather large window) where we discovered
    the President de vouring his nightly snack of Wheaties and prune juice. He
    didnt appear in the least surprised by our sudden intrusion nor was he
    shocked by the rather singular appearance of my companion. (He did, however,
    examine me thoroughly then ordered m e to leave. My beard and sideburns, I
    im agine, were disturbing to the m an.) I did manage to hear most of their
    conversation from  the adjoining room . >( " I'm  from  the planet Pluto.
    I'd like to ask you. . . " How many do you desire?" " How many what?" "
    Troops, my esteemed companion." " I didn't com e here for troops. I just. .
    . " Listen, I am the President. You can rest assured of that. As Presi dent
    of these United States, I can spare only fifty thousand at the present time.
    The remaining portion of Am erica's finest young men are tied up all over
    the rest of this planet. Where did you say you w ere from . He grabbed a
    pencil and pad off his desk. " Pluto." . n " Would you please do me a
    service of spelling that? " P-L-U-T-O." ,, . " Are you quite certain, quite
    sure, that there aren't two t s in that. . Pardon me one moment. I'll ask
    Spiro. He's across the hall viewing television . . .  Ah Spiro, M ister
    Agnew. Does Pluto have one or two t's?" " Huh?" " I said does Pluto have one
    or two t's?" " I dunno. I'm  not much of a golfer." The President turned
    toward the alien. " You'll have to excuse the V ice President. He's watching
    this movie entitled, " John Doe Gdeg(r)s to College"  and it's
    understandably upsetting for him  to watch as a good Am erican boy turns
    into a bum like the rest of those college youngsters." He reached into his
    desk drawer, pulled out a miniature plastic American flag and pinned it over
    the planet Pluto located on the right extrem ity of the wall map situated
    directly behind his desk. "G ee Whiz,"  he exclaim ed, " I wasn't planning
    on getting our boys there till m y third term ! larly inclined, at about a
    45 degree angle. I think I am falling. But so must we all. Signed, Gardy "
    The Grappler"  Ardnich

Heading: Course Guide
Content: To the Editor; The following is a copy of a me morandum sent to all faculty mem
    bers. I would also invite comments from  any interested students. As Editor
    of last year's Bucknell Course Guide and a m em ber of the Committee on
    Professor and Course Evaluation, I believe that dn some way the students at
    Bucknell should have a clearer description of cour ses, especially in
    relation to dif ferences in presentation and cover age of m aterial by
    various mem bers of the faculty. Our effort last year produced a m ediocre
    result, due in great part to limitations in manpower and the fact that this
    was a first-tim e effort, without the benefits of previous experiences. I do
    believe, however, that the Buck nell Course Guide was a useful doc ument
    which was fairly presented. By general consensus of the Com mittee on course
    evaluation, the effort put into such a m ajor produc tion is too great to
    try and produce another version of the Guide this year. However, I would
    still hope that something along these lines can be done. While discussing
    this problem  with Professor Santulli, it was suggested that instead of stu
    dents trying to critique classes, our efforts might be m ore profitable
    directed in assem bling faculty opinions of courses. If each professor were
    to write a summary of how he or she planned to present the course m aterial,
    the coverage for the subject offered by the course, and possibly a partial
    listing of what is expected of stu dents (prerequisites and assign ments
    during the sem ester), the student would then have a m ore rational basis
    upon which to choose courses and professors, and the professors would, m ost
    likely, have classes m ore responsive to their expectations and teaching
    methods. I would sincerely appreciate all reactions, comments, encourage m
    ent, and/or criticism  of this plan. Thank you for your consideration of
    this matter. Charles A. Mussman P . O. Box B319 REPRESENTED fo r n a tio n a
    l a d ver tis in g by

Heading: National Educational Advertising Services
Content: A DIVISION OF r e a d e r *<< d ig e st s a l e s a  SERVICES, INC. 3 6 0  L
    exington A ve., N ew  Y ork, N. Y. 10017 _ Office: Fochi Printing Co., 229
    Market Street, 522-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221

Heading: From the Editor's Desk
Content: It has been postulated that 6 m illion murders had little of the expected im
    pact on the German people, because the Nazis man aged to transform  the act
    from  one of horror to that of the com m onplace, the banal, the trite. This
    week fifty Am ericans will die in Vietnam (for Am erica), yet if you look
    closely at your newspaper, any newspaper, you'll be hard pressed to find
    even a column on Vietnam (THE TIMES 9-24 had none). After six long years
    fifty boys/w eek has becom e com m onplace, almost banal, dare we say trite.

Heading: : GUEST COLUMN:
Content: 

Heading: Here We Go Again
Content: -B y STEVE BECKER-

Heading: Russian Art Tour
Content: There w ill be a meeting of those interested in the 1971 January Art History
    Your of the Soviet Union in Coleman 102A, Thursday, Oct ober 1, at 7 p.m .
    Nixon is ready to do it again. As of the writing of this article (9/23)
    Nixon has been talking of sending Am erican forces into Jordan on the pretex
    of evacuating the 400 or so Am ericans (including the 38 hijacked Am erican
    hostages who are apparently hidden in Amman) that are now in that country.
    The fact of the matter is that except for the hostages, the Palestinian
    commandos have offered to give the Americans safe pas sage out of Jordan.
    (It is the Jordanian troops that are endangering Am erican lives by shelling
    Amman, in addition to their horrible and in discrim inate shelling of
    refugee camps and shooting of civilians in a v ain attempt to flush out the
    com m andos). There must then be other motives for the U.S.'s sudden
    interest in the fate of Jordan while still maintaining a strong alliance
    with Israel. The first thing that com es to mind is U.S. business interests-
    OIL- that would hardly be secure if the commandos did actually gain full
    control of Jordan Then, tooi Nixon does not intend to stand idly while the
    pos sibility exists for the form ation of the first Arab M arxist state, and
    he is apparently thinking about stopping this form ation by the usual means
    - force. Peculiarly enough, Russia and the U.S., (as well as Israel and some
    of the Arab nations), have a common desire to see that Hussein stays in
    power (Hussein, in his long time precarious, m oderate position, insti-
    gated this new civil conflict by firing his civilian cabinet and installing
    a twelve-man m ilitary cabinet, which then set out to crush the com mandos)
    What possible interests could the U.S. and U .S.S.R. have in com m on? Pow
    er and influence in the area. An independent Marxist regim e would benefit
    neither the U.S. nor the Soviet Union: in fact, it would only benefit the
    Palestinians (who make up over 60% of the pop ulation of Jordan). Israel too
    would like to see the commandos squelched and not so much because' she fears
    their m ilitary might but rather because Israel would then be forced to deal
    with the Palestinians. But Israel is not ready to m ake concessions to the
    Palestinians. (There will not be peace in the Middle East until the refugees
    are readm itted to Israel as full citizens or at least until Israel and the
    refugees reach som e acceptable agreement. Agreements with Arab leaders such
    as Nasser and Hussein will never solve the basic problem ). There is another
    way, m ore cynical though I believe partially ac curate, to look at the
    whole Middle East problem . That the U.S. strongly supports the Arab
    nations, which might lead us to the same conclusions about their actions. In
    addition, the U.S., U .S.S:R :, Israel, and theU :A :R : Eire all (in
    varying degrees) desirous of keeping the commandos from gaining full control
    in Jordan In short, the above considerations might lead us to believe that
    the Palestinian commandos are doing something right. Even though many of the
    Arab leaders are not happy about the civil war dn Jordan they have stated
    definitely that they want no U.S. involve ment. Apparently they have learned
    the lesson of the tim es; there is no such thing as a tem porary U.S.
    involvement. If the Nixon Administration should sent troops and/or arms to
    Jordan to settle the civil conflict, it will yet be another exam ple of the
    United States imposing its greedy will on others.

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THF. BUCKNELLIAN
Content: SEPTEMBER 29, 1970

Heading: Change
Content: Gogol's THE INSPECTOR GEN ERAL will be shown at 7:45 in Vaughan Lit instead of
    7:30 in Audio-Visual Auditorium as pre viously announced. P  S * The events
    of the last few days don't change in the least Ad ministration philosophy in
    the M iddle East (apparently arms commit ments to Jordan have already been m
    ade). If at som e later date the commandos' threat to Hussein's power should
    increase, it is becoming clearer that the U.S. would not hesitate to
    intervene in a m ore dram atic way.

Heading: Gleanlings Discuss A rt;
Content: 

Heading: Stress Bodily Freedom
Content: By LAURIE BUTCHER " We want to live our philosophy the way man did before life
    got all fragm ented,"  says Sonja Zarek of the Gleanlings, who was here last
    weekend for Colloquy. M iss Zarek studied piano, then voice and considered a
    career as an art song singer, but felt there was little opportunity for
    communi- catian in that field. At a cam p in Washington State she wrote her
    first folk song and decided she liked it better. Jam es Clouser, her
    husband, had an urge to dance but at first didn't recognize it for what it
    was. The son of a football coach, he went to the Eastman School of M usic
    and studied composition and dance. He disliked dancing with classical com
    panies because repeating the sam e dance every night lacked any real
    communication. " We met two and a half years ago teaching summer school,"
    Jam es said. " I was lecturing on m usic and dance - she was ac companying
    him on the piano. She also plays the guitar, so I danced to folk songs for
    the first tim e. I changed the lecture to Religion and the Dance and we were
    m ar ried during the lecture." They elaborated the wedding ser vice, took it
    to an agent and began perform ing at colleges. He is now teaching at
    Connecticuit College. He said, " We used to have gods, but not now, we do
    whatever evolves." They have no children and do not intend to have any. "
    Bringing up a child is a career and it's not our career,"  said Jim. " We'd
    have to give up our career and so be com e bitter, which would be re flected
    in the child. Besides there are too many already." M iss Zarek added, " I
    never grew up with kids and don't know how to relate to them. I couldn't
    give my- self-I'm  selfish with m y time. Our 1 neighbors in New Jersey just
    breed kids and all they do is talk about what their kids do, or complain
    about them. You're placed in a financial bind and take a job only because of
    the money. We don't have the responsibility of another life on our hands and
    can do what we want." They discussed making people m ore aware of their
    bodies. Sonja felt, " There's a real change in most young people, partly
    because of Eastern studies. Deep inside we know our culture's denial of the
    body is wrong; subconsciously, naturally we feel the body is beauti ful. We
    just have to have the con fidence to le t it out." " I have to help others,
    and m y self, rediscover feeling for m ove ment that m ost modern man has
    lost, with the advent of technology. We work with our hands and so feel any
    movement is unnatural yet we all have the urge to dance. It's a long
    struggle to m ake people at ease with their bodies. You work with a group,
    get them to open up- they return to their normal sit uation and lose ground.
    It's not happening as fast as people would like to believe,"  said James.
    One of their lines from  their songs says, " Art is the affirm a tion of
    life."  Clouser sakf, " It's an affirm ation, but what you and I get out of
    it is different. We try to comment what we feel about life. There are
    various ways of gaining knowledge, but the more you can know experience, the
    rich er the whole thing is. We want to , break down the esthetic barrier be
    tween the perform er and audience that exists in the theatre." M iss Zarek
    believes art is the greatest force for social change. " The artist first
    discovers things that others don't realize until later." Concerning their
    participation in Colloquy, Clouser said, " I'm  going to try to make my
    teaching m ore like it. This is what a college edu cation should consist of
    all along."

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Wednesday, September 30 7:30 p.m . A.B.S. Meeting Coleman Hall 102A 8:00 p.m .
    American Chemical Society Lecture: Dr. Andrew Wo- jcicki " Organometallic
    Insertion Reactions" Olin Science Aud. 9:30 p.m . International Club
    Informal Discussion on Educational Systems (Carey) International House
    Thursday, October 1 4:00 p.m . Field Hockey vs. Susquehanna 4:45 p.m .
    Catholic Mass 8:00 p.m . Bucknell Christian Fellowship 9:00 p.m . " ICHTHUS"
    (Inform al Worship) Tustin Field Rooke Chapel Hunt Hall Living Room Rooke
    Chapel Friday, October 2 Homecoming Week-end (See Detailed Program ) 3:00
    p.m . Freshman Football vs. Lafayette M emorial Stadium 6:30 p.m . Jewish
    Services Rooke Chapel 8:00 p.m . Hilltop: " Noseratu" Vaughan Lit. Aud.

Heading: Concert
Content: 

Heading: ABS
Content: 

Heading: Notes
Content: Tonight's ABS meeting will be in the University lounge in Freas hall. The
    deadline for any student wishing to apply for recording sec retary or a
    position on the Student Affairs Committee has been ex tended to Wednesday,
    September 30. Interest sheets may be obtained at the Dean of Student Affairs
    Of fice, and must be returned by noon. Any questions, contact Sue Preston at
    3270.

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: ...... ...... ........... ......... .... .. .

Heading: ........
Content: 

Heading: ..
Content: . . .

Heading: '
Content: 

Heading: Red Jan Plan
Content: There will be an organizational m eeting of all those (faculty, stu dents, and
    administration) inter ested in taking part in the January Program  to Prague
    Czechoslovakia, Warsaw, Poland, and East Berlin, East Germany to study the
    eco nom ic and political structures of these three societies, Wednesday,
    September 30, at 7:00 p.m . in room 101-B, Coleman Hail.

Heading: Directory
Content: The prelim inary draft of the stu dent section of the Annual Direct ory will be
    issued September 26. Copies w ill be distributed to resi dence assistants,
    freshman coun selors, and fraternities, and will also be posted at the
    bookstore, Bison, registrar's office, student lounge, library and
    switchboard. Students are asked to check their own listings in the Directory
    for com pleteness and accuracy and to report any additions or corrections to
    their R . A. or counselor, or to the registrar's office (window 5, Marts
    Hall, extension 1244), Ad-

Heading: PQT
Content: Registration form s sire now av ailable for the National Security Agency's
    Professional Qualifying Test (PQT) which is to be admini stered Oct. 10 at
    the University. Interested students should complete the registration form
    contained in the PQT Bulletin of Information which is available in the place
    ment office in the Carnegie Build ing. Deadline for registration is Sept.
    30, 1970.

Heading: Homecoming Service
Content: There will be only one service at Rooke Chapel Sunday, October 4 (Hom ecom ing).
    It will be at 10:30 a.m.

Heading: Yearbook Dedication
Content: All Seniors who want to help de termine the yearbook dedication should contact
    Jeff Sengstack at B-194 as soon as possible.

Heading: Exhibit
Content: An evhibit of sculpture done by students of William Lasansky will be on display
    in Bertrand Library from  Sept. 14 to Oct. 9. The public is cordially
    invited to attend. (Continued from  Page 1) ments were sparked by " It's a
    Beautiful Day." " It's a Beautiful Day"  brought the crowd to its feet
    Saturday night in the most exciting concert per form ance I (Ed) have ever
    seen. The group, led by one of the most vibrant musicians ever to em erge on
    the rock scene--David Laflam- me on electric violin and lead vo cals--
    perform ed their most well- known numbers with unbelievable style. Also
    outstanding in the per formance was the keyboard work of Fred Webb and the
    vocals of Pattie Santos. It should be noted, again, that the group revolved
    around the unipue sound of Lafuam- m e's electrified violin. " It's a
    Beautiful Day"  closed the evening with a fast blues number, which brought
    many to their feet in dance. The perform ance left no doubt in anyone's mind
    that " It's a Beautiful Day"  is going to be com e one of the premier groups
    in m usic today. Feeling quite different on the sub ject, it is necessary to
    present a very different, less popular view of the " It's a Beautiful Day"
    half of the concert. Little known to the University music scene, " It's a
    Beautiful Day' m ade a valient attempt to save Saturday's concert. An
    electrifying violin, a symphonic organ, and a strange looking chick brought
    the audience to life and held their un divided attention for at least three
    numbers. It is possible that the crowd cam e alive because they suddenly
    realized they were at a concert and that is what people are supposed to do
    at those types of dffsirs The group did manage to bog themselves and the
    audience down during the middle of their show when all of their instruments
    got stuck on the same chord and beat. Just in tim e however, a thought ful
    freak in the front row passed a joint up and saved the day. Once passed
    around, the rut was over com e and the group went into their last number,
    one that yanked the crowd to their feet and kept them there. A few people
    were even seen dancing. A tumultuous ovation followed the group's exit, but
    very few cries for more could be heard. Enough was enough, was was too much.

Heading: Colloquy
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) tential"  m ay, at tim es, have seem ed obscure to
    those who con tinuously attended widely-differing talks and experiences.
    But, cer tainly, the weekend can be said to have stimulated participants
    into an attempt at discovering how di verse man is and how much he can, in
    turn, learn of him self--and, in addition, how greatly he can enjoy his
    life. In this sense, Colloquy " activists" were searching for a human poten
    tial and were, consequently, en couraged " to thank, to question, to talk,
    to act. . in their search. And it would probably be quite dif ficult to find
    and participate in a more appropriate endeavor in any period of one's life.

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    Area Code 717 A sm all fee is charged

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: 

Heading: FOR
Content: 

Heading: SALE--
Content: 1962 Rambler 4 dr. se dan can be taken anywhere-no mechanical problem s for thou
    sands of miles--very good buy contact Paul Osher, 524-1263.

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: -Menu-
Content: Small (12" ) Lge. (16" )

Heading: PLAIN
Content: 

Heading: $1.60
Content: 

Heading: $2.45
Content: 

Heading: WITH EXTRA CHEESE
Content: 

Heading: $1.80
Content: 

Heading: $2.80
Content: 

Heading: MEATBALL
Content: 

Heading: $1.80
Content: 

Heading: $2.80
Content: 

Heading: PEPPERONI
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: SAUSAGE
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: MUSHROOMS
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: ALL ORDERS C. O. D.
Content: "E V E R Y  M AN  IS IN VOLVED

Heading: PE R SO N A LLY IN  W HETHER
Content: 

Heading: OF TO  W H A T EXTEN T HE IS
Content: 

Heading: BEIN G 'TRU E TO  H IS TRUE
Content: N A T U R E '."

Heading: R. D . LAIN G
Content: l e w is b u r g

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 11:00

Heading: A M .
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY
Content: 

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: 

Heading: 24 HOUR WRECKER
Content: 

Heading: S-E-R-V-I-C-E
Content: 

Heading: BAKER'S
Content: 

Heading: BODY SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 1722 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-9342
Content: 

Heading: Corsages --  Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: SEPTEMBER 29, 1970

Heading: THF. BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: * ' 1 it ' ' mmmmm RMRMM dfU

Heading: r<<
Content: <<M aM M niM M M HHi

Heading: Ciie^PutfeneUtan
Content: 

Heading: WORTS
Content: 

Heading: Howie Burke Sparks
Content: 

Heading: Big Blue Comeback
Content: 

Heading: Herd Drops Close Contest
Content: 

Heading: To
Content: 

Heading: B a l d w i n - Wallace; 29-21
Content: By JEFF QUINZER Despite a tremendous second half effort, the Bisons lost a
    heart- breaker to the Bald win-Wallace Yellow Jackets by a 29-21 score. The
    Bisons had difficulty in handling the Yellow Jackets in the first half and
    the scoreboard over looking the Band Day entertain ment read Visitors 23,
    Home 0. Sophomore running back, Greg Wright, carries the ball into the
    endzone during the Bison rally in Saturday's contest. (photo by M att Kuehn)
    It appeared to be a different team that emerged from the locker room for the
    start of the second half and battled to within 2 points, 23-21, before a
    final BW touchdown put the game barely out of reach. As Coach Prender later
    revealed in an interview, " We made too many mental ar.d physical mistakes
    in the first half. Against a good, solid team like Baldwin-Wallace, you just
    can't afford that many mistakes. Last year, they were seventh in team
    scoring, so it proves they can put the ball over the goal line." The Yellow
    Jackets capitalized on nearly all the team's physical mistakes, heir first
    score culmi nated a drive of 53 yards follow ing a blocked punt. After Greg
    Doviak's fumble on the first play of the second quarter, the Yellow Jackets
    carried it in from the BU 2 yard-line to make

Heading: Discussion
Content: International club will sponser a night of informal discussion in the
    International (Carey) House at 9:30 p.m . Wednesday . Some of the for eign
    students will lead a question and answer session on the subject of European
    Educational Systems. This gathering will give American and foreign students
    an opportunity to meet each other. Refreshments will be served. the score
    13-0. Later, they capitalized on an in terception and another fumble to add
    another touchdown and a field goal to their score. If the first half had
    been all Baldwin-Wallace, the momentum quickly changed to the fired-up
    Bisons. After receiving a BW punt, they drove 57 yards in 12 plays for a
    score. Second string quarterback Howie Burke completed passes to Jerome
    Griffin for gains of 11 and 15 yards to keep the drive going. Mitchell
    Farbstein scored the touchdown, going oved left tackle from 1 yard out. A
    pass to Griffin was good for a 2 point conversion. With 5:52 re maining an
    the third quarter, Burke hit Greg Wright for a 15-yard scor ing play. The
    score now stood at 23-14 and the Bisons were back in the game. The
    Thundering Herd, with mo mentum on their side but time running short, closed
    the gap to 23-21 with 4:17 remaining in the game as Burke scored on an
    8-yard run around left end. iBurke had engineered the 89-yard drive with
    four complete passes for 48 yards and was aided by a pass interference
    penalty. On the ensuing kick-off, BW con trolled the ball for 3 minutes and
    21 seconds before right end Tom Graham broke loose on an end around play and
    romped 63 yards for the score. Although the score was to remain unchanged,
    the Bisons threatened to tie that score after receiving the kick-off with
    less than one minute remaining. In those tense 55 seconds, Burke led them
    from their own 28 to the BW 28 with four passes for 44 yards before timeran
    out and the Yellow Jackets intercepted his final at tempt as the gun
    sounded. " Many teams would have quit but this group of boys didn't give up.
    They had enough character to come back. We simply had to get untracked
    offensively. This could be the beginning of it,"  empha sized coach Fred
    Prender. What led to that inspired come back? " We had several parsonel
    decisions to make,"  replied Coach Prender. " We played a lot of fresh
    players in the second half. Howie Burke did a great job; he's a fierce
    competitor, I couldn't have asked for anything more in his first per
    formance. He rushed for 69 yards and passed for another 206 yards. But there
    were 21 other players on the field who made the comeback possible. I was
    delighted that they Jay Griffin latches onto a Howie Burke pass for a
    substantial gain in the third quarter. (photo by Matt Kuehn) showed
    themselves what they can do if they don't give up. They have pride in the
    team; there are no great individual stars. I was also very pleased with the
    play of the sophomores. " The first two losses were frus trating for the
    team, the staff, and also the fans. I hope that the team is untracked now.
    In the future, the starting lineup is wide open. In Saturday's game, Burke
    was just learning the system. I expect im provement in him and the team as a
    whole." By ALAN GROCHAL Substituting for faltering senior quarterback Greg
    Doviak, junior Howard Burke led the varsity foot ball team to three second
    half touchdowns in their 29-21 loss to Baldwin Wallace. Howie had mixed
    emotions on be ing put into last Saturday's game in the second quarter. " I
    was somewhat leery. We were being beaten pretty badly,"  he said. Burke was
    very successful how ever, in his first varsity action for the Thundering
    Herd. He complet ed 17 of 34 passes for 206 yards and ran for 69 additional
    yards on roll outs. " Our main problem in the first half was that we weren't
    attacking the comers. We started to drive when we ran outside in the third
    quarter." Howard's effective running on the rollout also helped his passing
    game. " The linebackers had to watch me for the run as well as the pass.
    This kept them from moving im mediately into a zone." Burke credited
    partisan Bison fans with helping the team to its second half surge against
    Baldwin- Wallace. " It was gratifying that the fans gave us a standing
    ovation when we came out after halftime, al- though we were losing 23-0,"
    he said. Howard is beginning his first year as a Bison after transferring
    from Holy Cross after his sophomore year. " Most of the reasons that I trans
    ferred to Bucknell were academic, but I do think that football is put into
    the correct perspective at BU." " I like the coaches here and I feel that
    the fans are strongly be hind the team. Overall, I think there is a better
    football program here than Holy Cross,"  he added. Burke did not lose a year
    of eligibility by switching schools since he went to a Junior College for
    six months. As to his future amount of action, Howard felt that the time he
    played would be dependent upon the type of teams that the Bisons play and
    the success of senior Greg Doviak. When questioned about his run- nig as
    opposed to his passing ability, Burke modestly replied, " I really don't do
    either well."  Cer tainly, Bison fans who saw him play last Saturday will
    disagree with this statement.

Heading: Rugby
Content: Anyone interested in forming a rugby club should contact Profes sor Harry
    Staggers at Susquehan na University, Selinsgrave, Pa- 17870.

Heading: Penn State Loses to Colorado
Content: 

Heading: As Air Force Upsets Missouri
Content: This weekend's football saw the end of Penn State's 31 game winn ing streak.
    Colorado downed the Nittany Lions 41-13. Penn State had

Heading: Bison Stampede
Content: 

Heading: Frosh Nip Lycoming
Content: -- ... '-'--m m r

Heading: I P
Content: 

Heading: << a r a r
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: The Bison defense had their hands full Saturday against the powerful Baldwin
    Wallace running game. (photo by Bob Arnold) By DAVE COULTER Friday afternoon
    Coach Bill Lane's Baby Bisons powered their way to a 18-0 victory over Lycom
    ing in their season's opener. It was what Coach Lane called " a fine team
    effort,"  with 43 members of the squad seeing action. The coach further
    noted that " each one was important and did the job." Defensively BU's frosh
    held the opposition to 70 yds. total offense. Coach Lane had nothing but
    praise for the job done by the " whole front seven and secondary."  The
    defensive line of Baker, Carlisle, Nosal, Blokus and Denne with line backers
    Spirk and " Hondo"  Dailey held Lycoming to -44 yards rush ing. This
    devastating unit also alertly grabbed two fumbles and snared a stray pass in
    their debut. On offense Coach Lane comment ed that while the team was some
    times " erratic"  it showed that it could " move the ball when neces sary."
    Led by " promising"  Quarterback Will Pike, who passed for 16 com pletions
    in spite of a broken finger, the frosh rolled up 17 first downs and 260
    yards. Bill Stein Pike's leading receiver with 6 catches for 67 yards. Frank
    Torok pulled in 4 and Joe Bering 3 key receptions as the Bisons scored TD's
    in the first, second and fourth quarters. The running power was primarily
    supplied by what the coach termed as two " strong, fast, tough"  full backs,
    Paul Perik and Jim Gregor. Further development of the offense is expected by
    the coach as the season progresses, but he was ex tremely pleased over the "
    fine spirit and desire"  of his team. Having started the season on a winning
    note, the frosh must now look ahead to this Friday's home contest against
    Lafayette - a team they have never beaten. While look ing for a " tough
    game"  both coach and team are " full go"  and feel " the time has come to
    win." been ranked number three in the nation while Colorado was unse eded.
    Other upsets include Oklahoma St. over Houston (26-17), and Air Force beat
    Missouri. Purdue was killed by the Fighting Irish while Oregon State upset
    Oklahoma. Alabama 46 Florida 15- Air Force 37 Missouri 14 Arizona St. 35
    Kansas State 13 Arkansas 49 Tulsa _ 7 Boston CoUege 28 Navy Columbia Cornell
    Citadel Colorado Davidson Georgia

Heading: LSU
Content: Montana Mississippi Michigan 23 Lafayette 17 Colgate 31 East Carolina 41 Penh
    State 14 Richmond 38 Clemson 24 Rice 20 N. Arizona 20 Kentuckey 17
    Washington Michigan State 28 Washington S

Heading: BU
Content: Lycoming 17 First Downs 9 93 Yards Rushing -44 18-37-0 Pass comp. att. int.
    9-21-1 167 Yards passing 114 2-1 Fumbles-fumbles lost 2-2 Nebraska Notre
    Dame Ohio State Oklahoma Penn Pittsburgh San Diego St. Southern Cal.

Heading: SMU
Content: 

Heading: TCU
Content: Temple

Heading: UCLA
Content: Yale West Virginia 28 Army 48 Purdue

Heading: O
Content: 56 Texas A&M 13 26 Houston 17 24 Lehigh

Heading: O
Content: 15 Baylor 10 35 Los Angeles St. 0 48 Iowa 0 34 New Mevico S. 15 14 Wisconsin 14
    23 Holy Cross 13 12 Northwestern 7 10 Connecticut

Heading: O
Content: 47 VMI 10

Heading: !
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: | Now delivers to all Residence Lounges
Content: 

Heading: ;
Content: 

Heading: ORDERS TAKEN:--  Call GARY'S at 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: TO ORDER UNTIL 11:30 P. M.-- SUNDAY thru THURSDAY
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: (30332(r)
Content: ------ WHATS PLAYING? ------

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: STARTING WEDNESDAY
Content: 

Heading: NOW OPEN
Content: 

Heading: Sunday-- Thursday --  9 a.m. ---  12 midnight
Content: 

Heading: Friday and Saturday --  9 a.m. --  2 a.m.
Content: 

Heading: G A R Y ' S  F A R M H O U S E
Content: 

Heading: 323 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: Drop in sometime and meet Kate,
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: Tony's
Content: 

Heading: original Pizza
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: maker
Content: 

Heading: T R A I L  R I D E S
Content: 

Heading: Horses leave every
Content: 

Heading: evening 6:30. M onday
Content: 

Heading: through Thursday
Content: 

Heading: C all 523-0413
Content: 

Heading: LIG G ETTS
Content: 

Heading: RIDING STABLE
Content: 

Heading: 7
Content: 

Heading: otmWayne
Content: 

Heading: fbrestld<er-Christopher CeageBen Johnson-Boice Cabot
Content: 

Heading: OernGoibett-I^KncKvIes-A^
Content: 

Heading: Lynda Day-And lrtiodudng,Ceoffney [>ud&Pameb MfMyler
Content: Executive Producer M ichael W ayne * W ritten and Produced by Andrew (Fenady
    Directed by Andrew V  Mc Laglenj PANAVISION(r) TECHNICOLORS II** Warner

Heading: bros.
Content: [ R p *Kmney company I.VrL ti>

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: SEPTEMBER 29, 1870

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 7
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. OCTOBER 2. 1970
Content: 

Heading: TEhe Bnckncllian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Zeller Discusses Finances
Content: 

Heading: University Announces $300,000 Deficit
Content: By SUSAN PRESTON John Zeller, Vice-president of business and finance, announced
    in an interview this week that the University's financial deficit for the
    academic year 1969-70 is approxi mately $300,00. Because the Uni versity has
    had surplus funds in other years, the financial situation is still not
    critical, but this deficit will mean fewer dollars in this year's operating
    budget. Some of the reasons for the defi cit include the increased costs of
    operating the University, higher salaries for administrators, faculty and
    physical plant staff, fewer and smaller alumni gifts, fewer fed eral grants,
    and the additional cost for campus security during last year's strike week
    and bomb scares. Looking ahead into the future, Zeller noted that the cost
    of op erating the University Center and larger scholarships to meet tui tion
    raises will continue to make the financial picture tight for the next few
    years. He projected that if the spending pattern remains ap proximately the
    same for the next five years, the University will have deficits for the next
    three years and break even the last two years. " The best source of income
    for the University is tuition,"  stated Zeller. " Consequently tuition will
    continue to rise."  Other potential sources of income include increased
    enrollment, larger monetary gifts and endowments, and more federal
    government grants. Speaking about the larger enrol lment possibility, he
    said that un expected increase of 100 students this year will provide added
    income and a passible reduction of this year's deficit. The University is
    beginning to explore the ramifica tions of increasing its enrollment to
    2800-3000 students. " There are problems to be dealt with if more students
    are expect ed,"  said Zeller. " How many more faculty members will we have
    to hire? What degree programs have not reached their limit as to the number
    of students they can hand le adequately? What about over crowded physicel
    facilities? Will we

Heading: Bullet, Bison Grid Contest
Content: 

Heading: Highlights Weekend Events
Content: Three tralitional events -- the Homecoming Parade, the Home coming Luncheon and
    a football game with Gettysburg College -- will highlight Homecoming at the
    University this weekend. The parade, featuring floats en tered by
    fraternities, sororities, and residence halls, four marching

Heading: 1
Content: a 1 1 1

Heading: I-;* J - ic
Content: *IV.VVI,. .Tg] The Class of 1942 has rected a Bison costing $3000 in front of
    Davis Gym. It will be dedicated this weekend. See editorial page 2. bands,
    and the Homecoming Queen and her court, will begin at 10:30 a.m. in downtown
    Lewisburg and conclude on the campus. The par ticipating bands will be from
    Get tysburg, Lewisburg High School, and Shikellamy Junior High School in
    Sunbury, as well as the Uni versity. The luncheon in Davis Gymna sium at
    noon is open to alumni, faculty, students,' parents and guests will be
    followed by the un veiling of a gift of the Class ofl942, a statue of a
    Bison, on the mall in front of the gymnasium. The football game with Gettys
    burg, which begins in Memorial Stadium at 1:30 p.m., is the fifty- fifth
    meeting between the two teams in a rivalry that began in 1893. However, it
    is only the second time that the Bullets have provided the apposition in the
    Bison's Home coming game. Other athletic events scheduled for the weekend in
    addition to the varsity football game are a fresh man football contest with
    Lafayet te at 3 p.m. today and a varsity soccer game with Rutgers at 11 a.m.
    tomorrow. Other special events during the weekend include the semi-annual
    Bison Club Breakfast at 8 a.m.

Heading: Doscher Announces
Content: 

Heading: Disbanding o f MCC
Content: By SUSAN HELM The Men's Coordinating Council officially announced its decision
    to fold last week. Peter Doscher, the chairman, stated, " The major impetus
    for the decision to dis band came from last year's Coun cil, but the actual
    vote was taken last week." MCC included a representative and alternate from
    each of the men's residence hall councils, from the Interfraternity Council,
    and from the Independent Men's Or- ganiation, as well as one member at large
    elected by and from the #i outgoing council. According to Doscher a lack of
    interest in last year's Council contributed to the decision to fold." MCC's
    original purposes were to coordinate activities of men, to promote
    activities beneficial to the male members of the student body, to act as a
    medium through which male student opinion could be presented to college
    authori- War Death Statistics for the Indo china War (see page 4). ties and
    to allocate the funds col lected by the University for the Men's
    Coordinating Council. Doscher evplained that last year's Council had
    definite prob lems finding activities appropriate to the men's interests
    which didn't involve the entire student body or conflict with the
    jurisdiction of the Associated Bucknell Students. Doscher stated, "MCC spent
    the second semester of last year re flecting on their own purposes and
    projecting a view of what the sit uation would be this year.' MCC members
    decided their function no longer existed. They found them selves discussing
    the same topics as the ABS. MCC realized the absence of tan gible programs
    as only one project had been successfully completed during the first
    semester. This was an investigation of the University's hair policy for men
    participating in athletics. There was an un successful attempt to compose a
    letter to the parents of students concerning the moratorium. The Council
    forsaw even more (Continued on Page 4) Saturday, open house in all resi
    dence halls from 4-5:30 p.m. Satur- For pictures of the Homecoming Queen and
    her court see page 3. day, fraternity parties for alumni, the annual dinner
    of the Bucknell Engineering Alumni Association at 6:30 p.m. Saturday at the
    Holiday Inn in Shamokin Dam, and the homecoming Dance in Davis Gym at 9 p.m.
    Saturday. have to build new dorms to allevi ate housing bind we are in this
    year and possibly might face in other years?" More students could also have
    an effect on the education pro grams offered by the University. " Hopefully
    we have enough fat in the budget that we can cut back without hitting any
    muscle,"  he stated, " but the University may have to assess and reorganize
    its priorities in what types of pro grams it can offer. It may have to cut
    back on the number of courses offered in each discipline or increase the
    enroll ment in seminar courses. He hopes that a new governance system will
    be devised that give both the fac ulty and the students a chance to help
    make curriculm decisions. " The question one must ask," he said, " is upon
    what does the quality of education depend?" Concerning the possibility
    larger alumni gifts and endow ments, last year the University did not make
    its alumni fund budget by $9000. In the past few years fewer alumni have
    been giving University money and the gifts have been smaller. Zeller attri
    butes this to the fact that the eco nomy is in a state of recession and
    possibly that the alumni are some what disallusioned with today's col lege
    students. Other potential sources of income for the University are the state
    and federal governments. The Uni versity is participating in two sur veys at
    the present time, one con ducted by the American Associa- of John Zeller,
    vice-president of busi* ness and finances, explains possible sources of
    revenue discussing the University deficit. tion of Colleges and one by the
    state of Pennsylvania. The surveys are questioning how many private schools
    are facing a deficeit, the means they are em ploying to combat it, and the
    effect it is having on the quality of the educational programs they offer.
    The private schools are prepar ing to go to the state legislature as
    happened in Connecticut for money, according to Zeller. He thinks, however,
    that the possibil ity of procuring funds from this source is unlikely,
    mostly because the state has limited funds to give to institutions of higher
    education. Regarding giving aid to Pennsyl vania students, the Pennsylvania
    Higher Education Assistance Ag ency requires that University sub mit any
    student's name who is in volved in violating a law which " disrupts normal
    University act ivities,"  or is convicted of an act (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: *Hotline
Content: 

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: Officially Sanctioned
Content: 

Heading: Students Broaden Information Service
Content: By NICKI DREW The ABS has formally recognied the Student Information Service as
    a University organization, a status which makes it eligible for financial
    help. During the past year an infor mal " hotline" has been taking shape on
    campus. Devised and run by a few students, it was a phone number which could
    be called when someone needed help for problems dealing with drugs, birth
    control, or pregnancy. But because the " hotline"  was not sanctioned by the
    University and received no money from it, it remained an underground
    project, unknown to the vast majority of students. The Service, which is
    made up of a central committee of about seven students in addition to
    several other general members, will deal with many of the current problems
    facing college students in several ways. The core of the Service's work will
    deal with a telephone line that will be open to all students on campus and
    to anyone else who feels the need for it. During the day, the phone will be
    an information center and will be manned by someone who will ans wer
    questions regarding the cur rent workings of the University, such as
    scheduled events, campus news, current proposals, and in formation dealing
    with administra tion and faculty members. At night, from 8:00 pin. until
    6:00 a.m., the line will become a " Crisis Intervention Phone"  and will be
    open to any sort of prob lems. Two students will be available all night to
    offer assistance for drug problems and bad trips, questions dealing with
    birth control methods and problem pregnancies, and for severe depression due
    to anything from illness to male-female prob lems. The caller may remain an
    onymous and may hang up at any time. In addition to offering an in terested
    ear and personal advice, the Service will give out informa tion about many
    of these problems. Anyone calling in regards to birth control, venerai
    disease, preg nancy, etc. will be referred to an expert, usualy a doctor,
    who has the knowledge and the proper faci lities to give him the necessary
    help. He will be told which doctors are sympathetic to college stu dents and
    which are available for immediate help. Pamphets on drugs and on ven erai
    disease will be published by the Service itself and made avail able to
    anyone interested. It will also show a film on over population and
    population control (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Conference Planned
Content: 

Heading: SAE Aims to Improve Image
Content: This week, carving by Bill Bennett is one of the pieces in the exhibit by the
    students of William Lasan- sky on display in the second floor gallery of the
    Ellen Clarke Bert rand Library. By PAMELA MAY " It's been a long haul,"
    noted SAE President Maury Simon, " but the house will be back to full
    strength if we get a good freshman class." So indication have it as Zeta
    chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon prepares to host the providence workshop
    October 9 through 11. Two or three delegates from over fif teen chapters in
    neighboring uni versities, including Dickinson, Get tysburg, Penn State,
    Lafayette, Pitt and the University of Pennsylvania will congregate that
    week-end to discuss such common concerns as rushing, governance, and the ten
    tative acceptance of two new local chapters at Villanova and Drexel, now
    petitioning for chartered mem bership. Included in the guests will be ten
    representatives from the Alumnae Association and several others from
    National, including Russ Heuer, the Eminent Supreme Herald. Accord ing to
    Simon SAE is noteworthy as the " largest and wealthiest, i.e. most heavily
    endowed, national fra ternity." In recent years the local chapter has been
    the focus of many rumors and there has been much specula tion as to the
    possibility of its fold ing. Speaking to this, President Si mon remarks that
    he has been hearing sudi reports for four years and his reply, " It's still
    here and (Continued on Page 4) T a t e rags

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: Athletics: An Alternative
Content: 

Heading: p u i k n e l l i a n
Content: 

Heading: Due to the financial crisis at the Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity, scholarship funds for the 1970-
Content: 

Heading: 1971 academic year were cut back. In
Content: 

Heading: spite of this, grants to athletes remain
Content: 

Heading: ed at their previous level of $216,000
Content: 

Heading: (16 scholarship/class
Content: 

Heading: @
Content: 

Heading: $3350).
Content: 

Heading: This
Content: 

Heading: constitutes between 16-26% of the year
Content: 

Heading: ly scholarship aid offered by the Univer
Content: 

Heading: sity.
Content: 

Heading: Robert Latour, director of athletics,
Content: 

Heading: maintains that the intercollegiate athlet
Content: 

Heading: ics budget cannot be cut since it is al
Content: 

Heading: ready at rock bottom.
Content: 

Heading: The underlying
Content: 

Heading: assumption here: in order to uphold the
Content: 

Heading: University's present caliber of intercol
Content: 

Heading: legiate competition the budget cannot be
Content: 

Heading: reduced. (Latour says that our yield per
Content: 

Heading: dollar is already greater than our oppo
Content: 

Heading: nents) .
Content: 

Heading: Here are the pertinents for 1969-70:
Content: 

Heading: $261,000
Content: 

Heading: Direct Costs of Inter
Content: 

Heading: collegiate Athletics
Content: 

Heading: 216,000
Content: 

Heading: Aid to athletes
Content: 

Heading: 94,000
Content: 

Heading: Salaries of coaches
Content: 

Heading: $571,000
Content: 

Heading: TOTAL
Content: 

Heading: It is true that athletic derived income
Content: 

Heading: has steadily risen. During the last five
Content: 

Heading: years it rose from $58,000 to $80,000 a
Content: 

Heading: year. This, however, has been more than
Content: 

Heading: offset by an increase in primary expend
Content: 

Heading: itures to $248,000/year, more than $100,-
Content: 

Heading: 000/year greater than five years ago.
Content: 

Heading: The per centage of cost not recovered by
Content: 

Heading: income is 6 8 % ; this per centage of loss
Content: 

Heading: has also increased.
Content: 

Heading: The Bucknellian Editorial Board con
Content: 

Heading: curs with John Zeller, vice-president of
Content: 

Heading: business and finance, in his statement
Content: 

Heading: that "it's not a matter of dollars and
Content: 

Heading: cents, but whether or not one thinks it
Content: 

Heading: is justified." Certainly, it is inordinate
Content: 

Heading: for a university in 1970 to over-empha-
Content: 

Heading: size intercollegiate athletics.
Content: 

Heading: Alternatives
Content: 

Heading: For a beginning, why not reduce
Content: 

Heading: our football team to club status. It would
Content: 

Heading: then
Content: 

Heading: serve
Content: 

Heading: more
Content: 

Heading: students,
Content: 

Heading: including
Content: 

Heading: those who would like to participate but
Content: 

Heading: cannot due to time and size. And with
Content: 

Heading: the saved expentitures why not expand
Content: 

Heading: and diversify our intramural program,
Content: 

Heading: thereby providing a viable and non-man
Content: 

Heading: datory alternative to our anachronistic
Content: 

Heading: physical education program.
Content: 

Heading: NOTE: Statistics researched from
Content: 

Heading: FACT
Content: 

Heading: BOOK
Content: 

Heading: SECTION /  BUSINESS
Content: 

Heading: AND FINANCE and ADMISSIONS OF
Content: 

Heading: FICE data.
Content: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY Established 1897.
    Published twice weekly during the coUege year. Member of Associated
    CoUeglate Press. Annual subscription, >> 7 .M. W a h le m an- vance. Entered
    as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at tne poas office at
    Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any Issue and take a stand we deem to the best Interest at the
    University, to treat every Issue with the responsibility that Is accorded us
    in a free society to be constructively critical when necessary as well as
    laudatory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and in
    tegrity. Editorials appearing on this page reflect the majority opinion of
    the editorial board and that of the editors. Signed columns present the
    views only of the authors. All letters should be addressed to the Editor,
    and must be received no later than Saturday noon for publication In the
    Tuesday edition and Wednes day noon for publication In the Friday edition.
    AU letters must be signed and typed double-spaced: however, names may be
    withheld upon request. The Editor reserves the right to choose all letters
    for publication, and to edit any letter chosen for reasons of space
    restrictions, grammatical change and offensive language. Office: Focht
    Printing Co., 129 Market Street. 513-4211 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221

Heading: The Bison
Content: 

Heading: The Class of 1942, in a magnamimous gesture of
Content: 

Heading: support for their Alma Mater, has constructed a
Content: 

Heading: "granite statue of our beloved Bucknell Bison."
Content: 

Heading: The Class rejected suggestions on how to spend
Content: 

Heading: their class gift from a list of priorities offered them
Content: 

Heading: by John F. Zeller, Vice-President of Business and Fi
Content: 

Heading: nance and Ronald J. Pedrick, Development Director.
Content: 

Heading: We don't " want to be told by students what to do
Content: 

Heading: with our money," said, one of the class leaders, in a
Content: 

Heading: correspondence with the Alumni Office.
Content: 

Heading: They decided to make " some physical contribution
Content: 

Heading: to the campus,
Content: 

Heading: cuid so invested some $3000 in a large
Content: 

Heading: pi6C6 of stone. The Beloved w&s installed on the nuill
Content: 

Heading: in front of Davis Gym last week.
Content: 

Heading: FEEDBACK: 'Miles'
Content: 

Heading: "
Content: don

Heading: '
Content: t wu think W e ' re being too PERMISSIVE WITH THOSE FUZZV, EGG STEALING,
    MAMMALS?

Heading: CM ...
Content: , \ WCMIO4T

Heading: LET IT WORRY
Content: 

Heading: YOU...THEYVE
Content: 

Heading: JUSTA NEW
Content: , UFE-STYLE FAD,

Heading: . FROM THE
Content: 

Heading: INTERIOR, GIVE
Content: 

Heading: 'EM VME-THEY'LL
Content: EVOLVE OUTOFIT...." #1 >> PS ! 9 .>> !1 (r)

Heading: *Mm
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: m m m m ! wmmm

Heading: Letters to
Content: mmsm.

Heading: The Queen
Content: To the Editor: I freely admit to liking Home coming weekends. The building of
    the floats gives me an annual ex cuse to be sociable with my fellow workers.
    The introduction of the old-time Bison football heroes (Class of '21) sends
    quivers through my trick knee (from my Class of '67 high school football
    days). But most of all, I suppose, I like gazing at the Homecoming Queen,
    voted fairest of the land by one and all. But, alas, this crown, fair est by
    popular acclaim is but an other of my delusions (my first delusion being
    that a Northeast jet crashed over Bucknell; its yellow tail section falling
    into the quad. The Physical Plant set me straight when I called them to
    remove it.) The Queen and her court are not indicative of any such thing. It
    merely indicates who is a member of the largest sorority. I discover ed this
    while innocently wandering through Hunt Hall. On a door in the Delta Zeta
    suite was a sign which said "Let's go DZs, Every body vote ten times for
    ............ " This shocked my young mind, so I walked through the other
    sorority suites to see if this was standard procedure, this stuffing of the
    ballot box as a part of sisterhood. If it is standard, no such flagrant evi
    dence as above was to be found elsewhere. Girls talked to on other suites
    said they didn't know who to vote for. I was left in a state somewhat like
    the boy who hears for the first time that there is no Santa Claus (even
    though he is 21 years old.) Then it occurred to me to view it all another
    way. Maybe the DZs (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 2, 1970

Heading: Con. . .
Content: To the Editor: I am seldom moved to attack an individual's views on an artistic
    performance, but the review of Sat urday's concert (especially the re view
    of Miles Davis) pissed me off enough to write a letter. Enough
    subjectivism-- let me plunge into the matter at hand. The blame of the
    failure of Mr. Davis's performance lies not with " ...the much to
    sophisticated..:" Mr. Davis, but with the totally un sophisticated audience.
    The " vibrations" (to use an over worked cliche) in Davis Gym that night
    were terrible. One of the im portant vehicles for a good jazz performance
    are the vibrations-- the give and take between musician and musician,
    between individual musician and the group, and be tween the musician and the
    audi ence. The artist uses these vibrations to construct his music. Maybe it
    was the fact that Davis Gym is and will always be a gym complete with its
    extremely poor acoustics and its non-concert at mosphere. Maybe it was the
    fact that Miles had the spot normally reserved for the lowest billed group.
    Maybe it was the heat and humidity. I'm sure that all of these were
    contributing factors to the 'bad vibrations' present that night. But, the
    most important factor which made the concert what it was, was the audience.
    The group of pseudo-hip, Wood- stock children was just not ready for any
    real music of the caliber that Mr. Davis is capable of pro ducing. I doubt
    if the majority of the audience (sepecially the re viewer, assuming that he
    was at the concert) had ever listened-- and I mean really listened--to any
    of Miles Davis's albums (especial ly Bitches Brew). One can not just fall
    into his music as one can to the music (here I use the term loosely) of "
    It's A Beautiful Day." One must let Miles work on you by devoting your self
    totally to what Miles is doing. You have to empty your mind (a seemingly
    easy task for some of the members of the audi ence) of any and every precon
    ceived notion and let Davis and his music into your mind as what dom inates
    your being. Once he's got you and is putting you through his changes, you'll
    find that it was well worth the effort on your part. Miles was trying to
    reach for something that night and, to my mind at least, the audience kept
    him from reach ing it. I must agree with the reviewer's suprisingly astute
    observation that the concert lacked something. But what it lacked could not
    have been remedied by a " better" (if that is possibde) musician thanMr.
    Davis. What it lacked was audience par ticipation. It lacked, on the part of
    the audience, any receptivity to and respect for Mr. Davis's music. This
    ultimately was the reason why Mr. Davis did not come off. Miles must -be
    approached cere brally while that other group can be approached
    animalistically be cause of its rythmic primitivism. What this concert
    reaffirmed in my mind was that Bucknell, for all its faults, can make a good
    animal out of a human being. Fred Wildnauer

Heading: and Pro
Content: To the Editor: As a long-term devotee of Miles Davis, I hate to admit it, but I
    too was disappointed. The last time I heard Miles in concert was ten years
    ago with Sonny Stiff, and on that occasion he gave us a two-hour feast
    rather than 45 minutes of the same thing. For those who first taste of Miles
    came on Saturday night, I would like to make a plea not to give up! Listen
    to his records, starting with the 1947-1948 Charlie Parker dates on Savoy
    (although here Bird's contribution is more interest ing than that of the
    21-year-old Miles). Then the Christmas 1954 session with Milt Jackson and
    The- lonious Monk on Prestige. Miles probably reached his peak between 1955
    and 1960 when John Coltrane was in his group and un- (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: :THE SIDESHOW
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: The Big lie
Content: By DAVID WEINBERGER;

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: The 1970 Homecoming Queen and Her Court
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: -* . m m m m m

Heading: #
Content: S jjlH Sggil fee*(r) m m m m

Heading: I
Content: Wh. iimmE

Heading: Renee Ronyecs
Content: Sandie Ould

Heading: H U
Content: ; 1 "* #H N I IH iB ii Agnew is at it again. On the David Frost Show he said
    that he is " against allforms of violence." The Big Lie is at work, and we
    had better watch out. Hitler, of course, was the man most famous for the use
    of the Big Lie. Say something loudly enough and with enough conviction, and
    the people will believe it. There is a crummy movie in which a man is caught
    by his wife with his mistress, he sits there calmly as his mistress gets
    dressed and leaves the house, answering his wife's shocked question of " Who
    is that girl?"  with "What girl?" . "That girl,"  the wife says pointing. "
    What girl?,"  he answers again innocently. He wins. The Big Lie. Agnew says
    he is against all forms of violence. We point to the war. " What war,"  he
    says from his machine-gun nest. The Big Lie. Agnew's bag lie, of course, is
    not quite comparable to the o ik in the movie. The wife believes the husband
    because she trusts him more than she does her own sense perception. We
    believe Agnew, if we do, bceause his Big Lie is our Big Lie. It rolls so
    easily off the tongue. It has been said so many times before. We have never
    doubted it. It is equivalent to our sense perceptions. H the Big Lie is
    inconsistent with our actions, we deny our own actions. Even if we want to
    interpert Agnew's statement so that it is true-- that is, we could say that
    violence is any offensive action Mid the USA is acting defensively in
    Vietnam--we still have to swallow an even big ger lie: Lako away an evil
    sounding name and you take away evil. Don't call it violence and no one is
    getting hurt. Call it pacification and we can accept tarture. We begin to
    live in a world of words. Our world is so full of Big Lies that we have to
    really keep on our toes. Nixon says that the message of Kent State is that
    violence breeds violence, ignoring the reality that it was not the students
    who were vio lent. The Chicago demonstrations were not a police riot. Nixon
    tells us to forget what we saw on the set and to believe him instead of our
    eyes. If the Big Lies are consistent with each other, if we can fit them
    into a meaningful view of the world, then we live in a world of
    generalities, of gross sentences, which have no relation to a real world.
    This is one form of insanity, to live in one's own world, to disbelieve that
    you know sensibility. Where do Nixon and Agnew think they are? Do they
    really believe that we exist? The Big Lie of the Silent Majority. What
    clever one th% is, for its lack of substantiality by definition cannot be
    proved for it is silent. It ik just like an invisible playmate. " It's not
    there,"  you say to the little kid who believes in it. " Oh, he's there all
    right," the kid will reply, " but "you can't see him because he's
    invisible." The Big Lie of Middle America of the 1900's life-style. Is that
    where our " leaders"  live? If so, they've forgotten that they created that
    section of town To be sure, that neighborhood has become somewhat real be
    cause of its fictional existence, Middle America reads about itself in Time
    magazine and for the first time says " Hey, that must be us!"  Jerry Rubin
    would say that this makes them Yippies, except the Yippies know that as
    Yippies they are fictional. That is what keeps them sane and Heartland USA
    insane. . . .  . It would be nice to just free ourselves of their Big Lies,
    but I know, for example, that me and many of my friends live by our own Big
    Lie: We are peaceful. It's always so much easier to see their big lies than
    ours. 1

Heading: 4
Content: .

Heading: W EEESEI
Content: The Queen -- Veda Ward AU Homecoming photos by Tom Hagerty psl. -.-r Cindy Bland
    Heidi Blair

Heading: Ite
Content: m ? s Sue Conn

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 2, 1970 PAGE THREE

Heading: M
Content: J fe r ' ^0gggg0gjgggfHEigjgH/ggjtilim
    KtKNEEIEEEBIHIEIHItlEEaEEEEl1tKEtEEEKEElHEEEEEEKEEE1& w

Heading: ings o f N ote
Content: 

Heading: Peace
Content: There will be an organizational meeting of the Students for Peace Sunday at 7
    p.m. in the backroom of the Bison to map out political activities for the
    month.

Heading: Sleepout
Content: There will be an all-campus sleep-out on the Freshman quad to morrow night
    beginning at 1 a.m. The purpose is to protest hours for freshman women.

Heading: ABS
Content: 

Heading: Notes
Content: 

Heading: Slogans
Content: For a prize think of a slogan for the football game against Lafayet te. On
    Thursday, October 22, at 8:30 p.m., there will be a pep-rally and sign
    contest. All hallgroups, houses, fraternities, sororities, any groups, or
    individuals are invited to enter. Appropriate prizes will be awarded based
    on originality of slogan and sign. Slogan must be given to Sue Unger (Box
    W-304) by Tuesday, October 20. Signs must be present ed at the pep-rally.

Heading: Oops! ! !
Content: Editor's Note: In regard to Steve Becker's column " Here We Go Again"  in THE
    BUCKNEIXIAN, 9-29-70, some textual mistakes in the galleys were not picked
    up by our proofreaders. We regret this error.

Heading: ARE
Content: There will be a meeting at 10:00 Monday night in Coleman 211B for students and
    faculty interested in participating in an A.R.E. study group. (Assoc, for
    Research and Enlightenment, connected with Ed gar Cayce Institute.)

Heading: University Dencit
Content: ABS has appointed Lou Buccari as the new recording secretary to fill the
    unexpired term of Sharon Fetter Four students have been appoint ed to the
    Student Affairs Commit tee. They are Cathy Evans, Karen Kovacs, Mike
    Holoszyc, and Don Thompson. Two students have been appoint ed to the
    Curriculum Committee of the College of Arts and Sciences: Dennis Schmidt '74
    and Donna Trip- tow '73. One position is still open for a student in the
    junior class. Interest sheets may be obtained at the Dean of Student Affairs
    Office and must be returned no later than Tuesday at noon. to (Continued
    from Page 1) involving " moral turpitude," this agency. " Our university is
    complying with this request at the present time. We are awaiting, however,
    the de cision on the test cases submitted by Haverford and other
    institutions before making any decisions on this matter,"  he said. Zeller
    feels that the federal gov ernment's attitude toward provid ing universities
    with money is not a hostile one. " As much money is available now as in the
    past, but due to inflation it does not go as far. The amount of money has
    not increased under the Nixon ad ministration because Nixon is try ing to
    fight inflation by keeping

Heading: SAE Troubles
Content: (Continued from Page 1) I'm still here. These people must be misinformed and I
    wish the mis informed would become enlight ened." He further commented "
    It's rum ors like this that hurt fraternity and hurt the system. It's unfair
    to the brothers in the house, all of whom came after the fall'." He declared
    their major effort has been to create a new image away from the old, when
    the house was closed down. Maury acknowledged that lately the house has had
    " one trouble: size. Even if all the brothers put through maximal effort,
    it's still hard to compete with a house twice your size." However, this year
    the brotherhood is already up to thirty members, pledges and actives. Maury
    stated, " Freshman rush is 'going well.' All we need is, a good class and
    we'll be right back. He continued, " Providing housing for eleven transfer
    students, upon request of the University, has helped membership: three have
    pledged, including star quarter back Howie Burke."  Mr. Gerald Commerford,
    Assistant Dean of Men, extended a special thanks to SAE for helpin ing to
    President Simon, has been the " 100 percent backing of alum na."
    Financially, the chapter is well-established; the house itself is almost
    entirely out of martgage. All improvements made in the house within the past
    four years have been done by the brothers themselves. SAE will break with
    tradition for the third year in four and, in place of building a Homecoming
    float, will donate $100 to the Unitel Fund. In this way it is felt the money
    will be more profitably directed, and better community relations will be
    developed. Also of note, SAE received the trophy for greatest academic im
    provement. The spirit in the house is opti mistic. Enthusiasm seems to be a
    major factor as President Simon states, 'This is a key year to us, and the
    brothers realize it's a key year."

Heading: Letters...
Content: the federal budget under control," Zeller stated. The federal government also
    has laws concerning student conduct and the financial status of the
    University. The University has a tax exempt status under section 701C3 of
    the Internal Revenue Ser vice act because it is a non-pro fit organization.
    Any texpayer who contributes to the University there fore can deduct that
    sum from his income tax return. " We must maintain this tax ex empt status
    if we want to continue receiving gifts from the alumni, Zeller said. The
    catch in the 1RS law is that universities may not devote any substantial
    portion of their act ivites to lobbying or trying to in fluence the course
    of legislation or participating in the election of a political candidate. In
    other words the school year may not be shortened for participation in po
    litical activites nor may the Uni versity use its assests for this pur pose.
    " We have not yet devised guide lines in this area as have Prince ton and
    Williams nor decided or not to bill people engaged in po litical action for
    the use of Uni versity facilites. But we have not violated this rule as yet.
    We will only be in trouble if anyone decides to sue to take away our
    status,"  he stated. The University is not yet in the financial crisis faced
    by many in- stutitutions of higher education across the country although it
    does have deficits. Though the methods outlined above, especially through
    continued tuition rises, the Univer sity will hopefully meet and defeat the
    problem successfully,"  he con cluded.

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Friday, October 2 . Homecoming Week-end (See Detailed Program) 3:00 p.m.
    Freshman Football vs. Lafayette Memorial Stadium 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services
    Meditation Chapel 8:00 p.m. Hilltop: " Nosferatu" Vaughan Lit. Aud.
    Saturday, October 3 . ~  M 11:00 a.m. Freshman and Varsity Soccer vs.
    Rutgers West Field 1:30 p.m. Football vs. Gettysburg Memorial Stadium 9:00
    p.m. Homecoming Dance Davis Gymnasi SW ^ ya .m tdeg beChapel: The Rev. Mr.
    James E. Gardner Rooke^ * * 2 00 p.m. Punt-Pass-Kick Competition Memorial
    Stadium 4:00 p.m. Catholic Mass Chapel Monday, October 5 4:45 p.m. Bucknell
    University Faculty Meeting Family Swim Nite ' Bucknell Wives , m English
    Dept. Film: " Ten Days That Shook The World Vaughan Lit. Aud. Tuesday,
    October 6 rhanel Catholic Mass m Rw ke Uiapei Bucknell-Russian Series Film:
    " Ivan The Terrible, Part I Visual Aids Aud. American Institute of Chemical
    Engineers Panel Discus- sion University Lounge Intercollegiate Debate
    Society Vaughan Lit. 203 History of Mathematics Film Series: " What Is An
    Inte- gp gj,>> Olin Science Aud. Reception for New and Faculty
    Administration Hunt Hall Living Room 11:00 pm . Panhellenic Serenade 7:00
    p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 4:45 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m.
    8:00 p.m. Vaughan Lit. Aud. Freas-Rooke Pool University Lounge

Heading: C & D  Begins Season
Content: 

Heading: With 'The Alchemist*
Content: 

Heading: M CC
Content: ing crisis. One of the fortes of SAE, accord-

Heading: Buy Her A Pizia
Content: 

Heading: FOR HER BIRTHDAY
Content: ________ (Continued from Page 2) during the hous- - really need " one of theirs"
    elected Homecoming Queen. It seemed like a good idea to help them. I
    scribbled a sign that read " Come on DZs, Everybody vote 20 times for
    ................. "  a1"1 was about to carry the victory bringing weapon
    upstairs when I was stopped by the receptionist. It was after hours, it was
    too late. Richard Gordon '71

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: IMPORTANT NOTE: --  WRITE HOME TODAY
Content: 

Heading: Write home today and tell your folks
Content: 

Heading: to subscribe to this year's award win*
Content: 

Heading: ning BUCKNELLIAN as soon as possible.
Content: 

Heading: The deadline has been extended two
Content: 

Heading: weeks.
Content: (Continued from Page 1) problems this year with the advent of the new co-ed
    lviing arrange ment, which would complicate the system of representation.
    Doscher said, " MCC thought of a combination with AWS to find a validity of
    purpose. The project failed as the AWS was not interest ed and such a
    combination would have created two student govern ments." Doscher feels the
    abandonment of the MCC is a wise decision. He stated, "The end of the Men's
    Co ordinating Council appropriatelyy adds focus to the ABS.' As a final
    action, MCC allocated its $3,000.00 in funds to the Co operative Committee
    for Funding Student Programs, which is gath ering funds from various sources
    for financing student programs. By SUE BOLSTRUM Cap and Dagger will present
    this year's first dramatic production, Ben Johnson's The Alchemist, on Oct.
    16, 17, 22, 23, and 24. Dr. Den nis Baumwoll, professor of English, is
    directing this Jacobean comedy. "The play, written in 1610 by one of the
    greatest satirist of the tim es" according to Baumwoll, " is a 'period'
    farce. Its language, cos tumes, and technology gives one a sense of the time
    separating use and Ben Jonson, but the theme and humor of the play makes a
    modern audience feel its contemporary character, its universal flavor." All
    of the .action takes place with in the house of " The Alchemist," played by
    Charles Pollock, or on the street immediately outside the house. Along with
    his two accomp lices, Face (Snoozy White), and Doll Common (Sandy Martin),
    the Alchemist attempts to dupe sus ceptible individuals who some to him for
    his services. He claims the power to change any metal into gold, and to tell
    fortunes as well as other magic powers. " Clients, upon entering the house,
    leave the complexity of their characters behind, and ex hibit all the greed
    and lust within them without the cloak of hypoc risy usually masking these
    baser qualities. Just as the alchemist strips away the inessentials of
    metals and gets to their heart of gold so the playwright strips people of
    their hypocrisy and poses their greed and lust under the masquerade,"
    Baumwoll said. " Besides the complicated inter actions between the con men
    and their victims, these three import ant characters are pitted against each
    other," he continued. The difficulties involved in pro ducing the play
    result mainly from the complexity of the characters and the language
    employed by them. Though all of the con games have actually been described
    in documentaries of the times and are easily comparable to some of the
    quackery of modem times, a major challenge to the actors com es in
    convincing the audience that they believe in alchemy. Another problem arises
    with the changing of roles for each new vic tim that enters the world of the
    Alchemist. Then too, although the victims are often seen as one di
    mensional, they must be treated realistically. The Jacobean blank verse also
    makes it hard for characters to speak and act naturally while at the same
    time retaining the rhythm. Because of the nature of the work there as a
    tendency to play for broad slapstick laughs and sight gags. Director
    Baumwoll tries to get the actors to preserve the style of the speeches
    without get ting static or artificial.

Heading: Information Service
Content: 

Heading: The W ar
Content: ___ -- +

Heading: E U R O P E
Content: H your student group, campus organization, or student government is considering
    any foreign travel, Uni-Travel Corp., as the agent of many Transatlantic air
    carriers, can arrange low-cost charter trans portation and land arrangements
    for your University group. Your group must have a minimum of 40 passengers
    consisting of only students and educational staH of your university and
    their immediate families. To offer the best travel services to your
    university, contact: 12 pine street swampscott, mass. 01907 phone (617 )
    599-0287 U.S. Department of Defense 9-25-70 (ACP) Total U.S. Dead ARVN Dead
    Other U.S. AUied Dead North Vietnamese and NLF dead Grand total 52,061
    114,096 4,060 668,874 839,091

Heading: t r a i l
Content: 

Heading: r i d e s
Content: 

Heading: Horses leave every
Content: 

Heading: evening 6:30. Monday
Content: 

Heading: through Thursday
Content: 

Heading: Call 5234)413
Content: 

Heading: LIGGETT'S
Content: 

Heading: RIDING STABLE
Content: (Continued from Page 1) entitled " Beyond Conception" Octo ber 22 in Vaughan Lit
    Auditorium, in addition to a variety of speak ers planned for a later date.
    A pregnancy test is in the process of being set up by the Student In
    formation Service in a clinic inside a near by doctor's office. The clinic
    will be operated two nights a week by a young register ed nurse. For a
    nominal charge, she will administer a very simple test that will determine
    pregnancy, and she will talk to each girl about any physical or emotional
    problems she might be experiencing. The Service is, at present, look ing for
    a headquarters with a bed room, a kitchen, and a bathroom, to house the
    service all night long and be equipped to deal with any emergencies that
    arise. It is hop ed that the headquarters will have a comfortable atmosphere
    and that people will feel free to come there anytime they want someone to
    talk to. . . Although the program is still in the organizational stage, it
    has progressed considerably since the first conception of the idea. he ABS
    has already allotted sub stantial sums for it and the pro posals have been
    put on President

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 2, 1970 Watts' desk. A birth control center has been set up and is
    functioning now under the chairmanship of Jeff Sengstack. One difficulty of
    the Service lies in determining the training pro cedure for those who will
    work at the headquarters. The committee members have been working with the
    Williamsport Telephone Hot line Service, although they are making many
    changes in the pro cedure. The success of the entire project, according to
    Sengstack, one of the leaders of the Service Committee, " means one
    telephone call a day, or just being able to help someone who hasn't been
    helped before. There is no question that it will succeed."

Heading: FEEDBACK
Content: (Continued from Page 2) doubtedly the most exciting record produced by them is
    the famous Kind of Blue album on Columbia dating from 1959. Miles as a
    soloist against the backdrop of first-rate big-band arrangements is typified
    by his cooperation with Gil Evans on Miles Ahead (Columbia). Finally, of his
    more recent work, I recommend also on Columbia, Miles Smiles. These records
    represent the great Miles Davis. Don't write him off without having heard
    them. Once you have heard them you won't be able to write him off. John Gale

Heading: HUMAN
Content: 

Heading: ! ! ! E l -
Content: 

Heading: '% *
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: '
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: fe s >> S a* (photo by Dave Hill) 1 1

Heading: l l p i
Content: 

Heading: Eppijg
Content: i \ . : v ; All uncredited Colloquy photos by Chris Uhlinger

Heading: IIP
Content: (photo by Dave Hill)

Heading: P O T E N T I A L
Content: .-!<<-..,,*c MPfc-Afr* A H * >> * SS!!p

Heading: SAPP
Content: fe u fl # # # # W SEmSEmSmm wEmiEm EEiEtEtEEaKtEtiEimEEMm m tm im Em

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: Major 'Gripes' Seem at a Minimum
Content: 

Heading: Candid Conversations Concern Transfers' Adjustments
Content: By DAVID HAMMER The following interview reveals that, while many transfer
    students are unhappy about the lack of specific orientation programs upon
    their arrival, at least three are quite content and find it relatively easy
    to adjust to this University's atmosphere. A considerable effort was made to
    obtain unbiased rep resentation for the transfer stu dents, yet gripes
    seemed at a mini mum. Pete Stover, a transfer from last year, Chip DelCoro
    and Howie Burke (last Saturday's football hero) participated as guests in
    this week's feature interview, discuss ing openly their former schools,
    adjustment periods and social life, among other subjects. * * * BUCKNELLIAN:
    Which schools did you attend before transferring to this University? STOVER:
    The University of Rich mond. DELCORO: Citadel, Charleston, South Carolina.
    BURKE: Holy Cross. BUCKNELLIAN: What were the the circumstances which made
    you consider transferring? S: It (Richmond) was a southern Baptist, private
    institution, com posed of all middle class Virginian boys. It was too
    sterile an atmos phere for me. BUCKNELLIAN: How do you characterize this
    University's at mosphere? S: There's a real contrast. For instance, open
    dorms, drinking -- there's none of that down at Rich mond. D: It's
    completely different here. You're free to do anything you want. I was going
    to a military school (Citadel) and the people were very closed-minded and
    had a considerably conservative out look. I didn't go for that. B: I
    transferred athletically, for football reasons, and I thought this
    University put football in its proper perspective. Also, part of the at
    mosphere has to do with faculty, and I have four doctors for my teachers
    here--professionalism

Heading: I
Content: didn't have at Holy Cross. BUCKNELLIAN: Isn't there a problem in transferring
    distribu tional requirements along with the transfer student? Do you have to
    retake any courses here which you may have already had at your former
    schools? D: I had a problem. I lost some credits because some of the courses
    I had taken at Citadel weren't con sidered 'up to par' here. I'll have to go
    to summer school, probably,

Heading: lrivia
Content: The Music and Arts Building was at one time the chemistry building. The average
    American uses gallons of hot water each day. 40

Heading: >>
Content: 

Heading: mm
Content: "Trivial' Man of the Month: The (K)night Clerk (photo by Tom Hagerty) And from
    our Trivial laborator ies: It takes 15 seconds for the elevator in the
    library to go from the basement to the second floor. Please send all
    Trivialities to Box B-729, c /o  Trivial. to make up the two courses I'm
    lacking. But this school has so much more of a prestige graduat ing than the
    Citadel would and, for that reason, I don't mind the re quirement of making
    the courses up. S: Coming here after only one year at Richmond, I had no
    prob lem regarding requirements. The only course I did have to retake was an
    algebra course which was below the level given here. B: There was no problem
    for me. BUCKNELLIAN: One of the rea sons for having you, transfer stu dents,
    interviewed is that the 'Bucknellian' has received many complaints about
    lack of orienta tion programs specifically for trans fer students. Do you
    similarly feel such a need for this kind of pro gram during the adjustment
    period? D: I didn't have much of a prob lem, because most of the people
    around here are just really nice about my transfer situation, will ing to
    help out-- BUCKNELLIAN: Of course, two of you are living at SAE-- D: That's
    a big help. Any time you did have a question or need some help, they were
    there to give you the answer. BUCKNELLIAN: Then you don't feel you needed an
    orientation pro gram? D: No, I don't. But maybe it's be cause I've been out
    on my own for a couple of years. B: Being in college for two years, you sort
    of know the ropes. Every body here, in addition, seemed to want to help out
    right away. I had no problem adjusting, either. BUCKNELLIAN: On another side
    of adjustment, how would you characterize the toughness of courses here
    relative to those of your former schools? S: Across the board, they're a lot
    tougher here. I find I have to work a lot more at this University. D: It's
    been quite a bit tougher. B: I don't think it's been so bad. Here, there's a
    greater variety of courses than I had at Holy Cross and I've been able to
    select courses I really want to take. Maybe it's not easier--but it is a lot
    more en joyable for that reason. BUCKNELLIAN: What are your respective
    majors? S: English. D: Economics. B: English. BUCKNELLIAN: And none of you
    has any major gripes? D: No, I'm very happy. S: Well, in the beginning, it's
    almost expected that it will be rough getting adjusted. But after about
    three weeks, when you get oriented to the place, I see really no problem.
    BUCKNELLIAN: Do you feel more lost than you did as fresh men in your former
    schools? D: Definitely not. You're used to it. You're a college student
    already, which certainly aids your adjust ment. B: As far as meeting people,
    I'd rather be a freshman because everybody's walking around trying to get to
    know each other. S: I agree. These guys (Burke and DelCoro), living at SAE,
    have the benefit of all the transfers liv ing together. I was stuck in
    Swartz Hall without any students in the similar situation of just having
    transferred. That made it a little rougher. B: I can see that problem. If it
    hadn't been for those at SAE, I would guess that I might not have met as
    many people as I have, just from attending parties and the like.
    BUCKNELLIAN: How have you changed since coming here after, in your case,
    Howie, attending an all-male college like Holy Cross? B: Here, your manners
    sort of come back to you in this coed at mosphere. You get to socialize a
    lot better. Even in the classroom, it's a good feeling to have girls around
    --it helps both intellectually and visually. BUCKNELLIAN: What do you think
    those transfer students who have gripes about this school are talking about,
    since all three of you seem contented here? S: Probably there was just no
    special attention paid to them. This school doesn't go out of its way in
    orienting transfer students. There wasn't one program last year where any of
    us got together. BUCKNELLIAN: What specific programs seem possible and neces
    sary to you? D: Maybe a dinner reception. A big brother program might be a
    good idea in helping during adjust ment. S: I will say that just the fact
    that they have transfer students living together is a big improve ment over
    last year. BUCKNELLIAN: Continuing with a theme of adjustment, how do you
    cope with it academically? D: The graduate students who tutor in math, for
    instance are really a big help. The teachers also, generally, are more
    willing to help you out here--they'll fit their of fice hours to your
    schedule. B: I have a 'gripe' regarding academic adjustment, in that, at
    Holy Cross, one could get a B + or C-- and so on as a final grade. And that
    eliminated the rounding off problem. It helps you a lot. BUCKNELLIAN: Do
    either of you have any questions of Pete, who has been here a year? D: How
    long did it actually take you to get adjusted, both socially and
    educationally? S: After I started meeting people and going to frats, I felt
    part of the place. You, Howie, with the foot ball team, have a good
    opportunity for meeting-- B: Yes--I have no gripes about a big brother
    program because I, personally, have those on the team and at SAE to help me
    orient my self. Socially, meeting girls though, is a big hang-up here.
    BUCKNELLIAN: I thought that, being transfer students, you could just walk up
    to some girl and say 'Hi, I'm a transfer student and . . . ' S: Yeah, I
    tried that-- D: Just try that--it doesn't work. 'That's too bad' is probably
    the re sponse you'd get. S: Most girls are on a pedestal here, and act like
    it--I guess it's due to the ratio of male to female at this University. B:
    Personally, I haven't had too hard a time, but I don't know how long it will
    last. BUCKNELLIAN: How difficult Is it transferring to this University? And
    what is the procedure which is followed in applying for a transfer? B: It is
    difficult to get in here. The other two schools I was going to go to are
    Duke and Colgate, and this was the hardest one to transfer into. D: It's
    like transferring to high school, procedure-wise. You write and tell them
    you'd like to come here. They send you slips, you have to get
    recommendations. Then I came for an interview, and so on. BUCKNELLIAN: Is
    the competi tion as 'heated' for transfer stu dents as it is for potential
    incoming frosh? D: I think it's harder, because they only take a limited
    number of transfer students. There were only around thirty this year. B: I
    don't think this University asks for transfer students, either, so you can
    see how much harder it would be to get accepted. S: And there were even less
    transfer students accepted last year. BUCKNELLIAN: Do any of you feel that
    you could not have been accepted to this University directly from high
    school? B: I probably wouldn't have been. D: I couldn't have, either.
    BUCKNELLIAN: Why were you accepted as transfers, then, if the competition
    was so much more 'heated'? B: I think they saw by the records, that we could
    do college work. BUCKNELLIAN: Do you have any closing comments? S: One point
    you should make is that those kids who do gripe about this University should
    look into other places and compare them with this one--then they'll appreci
    ate it here. D: I laugh when somebody gripes about this place. The
    difference be tween here and other colleges is like the difference between
    black and white. B: My brother's at Notre Dame, and he drove down the
    weekend be fore last, and he wanted to transfer here next year--just after
    one weekend.

Heading: Junior Year
Content: 

Heading: AbroadProgram
Content: 

Heading: Includes Difficulties
Content: 

Heading: and
Content: 

Heading: Merits
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 2, 1970 By SHARON DOUTON After the excitement and adven ture of studying
    and travelling for a year in Europe, including ad justment to numerous
    cultural dif ferences, there is a period of re adjustment to the " known"
    culture that was quitted for a time. At least, in the view of four of the 18
    University seniors who partici pated in the Junior Year Abroad Program, the
    task of returning to the American, and more particular- > ly this
    University's educational sys tem, has proved more or less dif ficult
    according to individual per sonality and experience. Chris Petersen and Liz
    Smith, who were among seven University students in England last year, and
    Debbie Waldren and Art Mielke, who studied in Scotland (along with one other
    Bucknellian) discussed their experiences. What they had to say points out
    the differences that had to be accommodated on their return here this fall,
    as well as the similarities of the systems. One aspect the group in Great
    Britain cited was the absence of a constant pressure of assignments and,
    instead, an emphasis on in dependent work. Chris, who studied in the
    politics department of the University of Reading, indicated that she took
    the same courses through three terms (into July). " I had a list of about 80
    books to choose from, to delve into a certain period of history, according
    to what interested me," she explained. Chris continued, saying that she
    wrote papers instead of doing a lot of " memory work,"  like preparing for
    multiple choice tests. She at tempted to pursue this trend here by taking a
    Continuous Progress course, and found herself faced again with multiple
    choice exams. Debbie, who was at the Uni versity of Edinburgh, also agreed
    that the courses allowed more in dependent study and echoed the others'
    assertion that they had ac tually learned more." " It is up to you,"  Chris
    added, "because there is no one to tell you what to do." Art emphasized the
    freedom "to pursue a personal interest" that was deemed worthwhile, without
    the threat of grades. He spent the year commuting into Glasgow to the
    university. Liz, however, pointed out that there was more pressure, at least
    in terms of having a single exam at the end of the term to deter mine
    success or failure in the course. Art, agreeing that third year students and
    those seeking an honors degree were under greater pressure, also noted,
    however, that tlje student at Glasgow was allowed to retake final exams at
    least three times. Liz commented that there should be a happy medium between
    the " continual assessment" more com mon in the United States, and the "
    all-or-nothing" system, while she credited her school (University of
    Manchester) with giving the stu dent a choice among essays on exams. As a
    footnote, Liz related that one of her professors expressed surprise at her
    ability to take an essay exam. He had assumed, she said, that all American
    university exams were of the multiple choice variety. Several other
    impressive fea tures of the program, which the four urged present sophomores
    to look into seriously, were the tutor system, the opportunity for travel,
    and, in general, the different social attitudes they encountered. The group
    also stressed that they would be willing to discuss the program with
    interested sophomores or with any group on campus. Meeting with a tutor once
    a week, often on a one-to-one basis, after lectures and individual research,
    contrasted, in the group's view, with the too frequent problem here of not
    being able to find a professor when a question arises. The tone and purpose
    of the year's education and summer va cation following are also different,
    the group noted. Students specialize by the time they are 16, Chris said,
    adding, " they know more, and they're not worried"  about what to do at grad
    uation. Americans tend to get more of a " smattering" in many disci plines
    whic allows cross referenc ing of courses which is perhaps an advantage, but
    which also may lack the depth the English student reaches. Chris also noted
    that few actually graduate from universit ies; most go on to specialized
    schools, especially for teachers, or technical schools. Money earned through
    summer employment is a means of travel, since the government gives finan
    cial grants to all students. Parents pay very little of the educational
    costs. In relation to using money earned for travel, there is a resulting
    de- emphasis on possession of material goods. One senior noted that an
    English girl would be overwhelmed to see a room like some here, com plete
    with stereo and a closet jam med with clothes and overflowing with
    shoeboxes. Social life, while influenced as here by proximity of the school
    to a city, was characterized as " more open,"  even if the school popula
    tion was predominately commuters. Liz said that there was " more of an
    effort to meet people, not just ' because we were American stu dents,"
    adding that " we never used telephones, just walked over to visit, even if
    you've met a person only once."  Chris added that she also noted a greater
    willingness to help others--especially in giving directions to a newly-
    arrived for eign student. The " pubs" were social centers of discussion, and
    not too much about politics, especially among girls. The predominant topic
    often was the level of violence in the United States, which groups found to
    foe depicted as something worse than it is. Still, while abroad, each found
    that there was nothing to fear on the city streets late at night. No stigma
    was attached to a girl going alone to a pub because it was the place to meet
    people. Bring- your-own parties were organized often, and if dates were
    arranged, the girl usually paid her own way. The proximity of other cities,
    like London, afforded the opportun ity to pay regular visits to art mu
    seums, the theatre, and innumer able restaurants. The student is able, as
    Chris said, to visit " other than the main tourist attractions," in fact,
    these were mostly avoided. In addition, there are extended vacations at
    Christmas and Easter (three to five weeks) for travelling on the continent.
    Perhaps most significant is the chance to remove oneself from the culture
    that has enveloped an in dividual for 20 years and to look at it more
    objectively. To notice that American cars look monstrously large; to notice
    that the volume of American speech is appreciably higher; to see America
    through its own films; to not understand what " strike week" meant. Instead,
    to enjoy and take pride in little events, like getting along without
    necessary conveniences like automatic washers; to pick up delightful new
    phrases of speech; to be an independent thinker and learner; to bear the
    frustration of readjusting to the old and more familiar ways; to look
    forward to planning the return trip.

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Harmon's
Content: 

Heading: Forecast
Content: 

Heading: Second in the East
Content: We've often thought what a fan tastic turn of events would foe (and imagine the
    double-takes!) if, after a football Saturday, the top five teams in the
    country would read: 1-Wake Forest, 2-Brown, 3-The Cit adel, 4-Northem
    Illinois, 5-Baylor. How abolt that! I don't suppose it'll ever happen as
    long as the football " foundries" continue to grind out powerhouse teams
    year after year. However, Demon Deac ons, don't give up- And speaking of the
    foundries, they're all fighting for position again this week. There are a
    couple of newcomers in the group. Purdue and Florida fell by the wayside,
    making room for Colorado and - as expected - Ohio State. Some changes took
    place too as Penn State, Houston, and Missouri all took large-size nose-
    dives Ohio State and Texas are climb ing on each other's backs up at the
    very top. Ohio State has a power quotient of 124.0 . . Texas, 123.6. They're
    both favored to continue their winning ways this week, though the Longhorns
    run into a little tougher competition. The top-ranked Buckeyes will probably
    decimate Duke by 40 points, while runner-up Texas is favored by 25 over
    20th-ranked

Heading: U.C.LA.
Content: The bright new face in 5th place, the Colorado Buffaloes, will clip Kansas State
    by 18 points. The Big Four in the Midwest, other than Ohio State, are Michi
    gan, rated 12th . . Notre Dame-3 . . Nebraska, ranked 9th . . and the Air
    Force in 7th. Upsets could be in the making for possibly two this week as
    Nebraska is only seven points tougher than the Gophers of Minnesota, and
    Michigan is rated 15 points over Texas A & M. Notre Dame will chop up
    Michigan State by 38 points, and the Air Force should blast Colorado State
    by about 40 points. In the West, it's still 4th-ranked Southern Cal and
    lOth-ranked Stan ford. The Trojans battle Oregon Air Force 40 Colorado St.
    Arizona 20 Iowa Arizona State 41 Wyoming Arkansas 28 T.C.U. Arkansas St. U
    26 The Citadel Auburn 26 Kentucky Boston College 29 V.M.I.

Heading: Water Polo Club Opens
Content: 

Heading: 970 Season
Content: 25 Rice 31 Kansas State 13 17 Lehigh 0 83 Holy Cross 0 27 Trinity U 6 22
    Villanova 21 25 North Texas 24 27 N. Mexico St. 21 22 N. Carolina St. 10 27
    Mississippi St. 16 23 Clemson 7 20 Idaho State 12 23 Utah 14 24 New Mexico
    14 30 Baylor 0 21 Dayton 17 26 Xavier 6 21 Buffalo 20 27 Tulsa 6 24 Maryland
    6 35 N. Illinois 12 21 Texas A&M 6 23 Alabama 21 25 Oklahoma St. 20 21
    Minnesota 14 California Colorado Cornell Dartmouth Davidson Delaware Drake
    El Paso Florida Georgia Georgia ech Idaho Iowa State Kansas

Heading: L.S.U.
Content: Louisville Marshall Massachusetts Memphis Miami, Fla. Miami (Ohio) Michigan
    Mississippi Missouri Nebraska ->>

Heading: -
Content: ------------- North Carolina 20 Vanderbilt Northwestern 17 S.M.U. Notre Dame
    Ohio State Oregon Pacific Pennsylvania Penn State Pittsburgh Princeton
    Richmond Rutgers Stanford Syracuse Tennessee Texas Texas Tech Toledo Tulane
    Utah State Virginia Washington West Texas West Virginia W. Michigan Yale St.
    45 Michigan 40 Duke 0 22 Washington St. 13 20 Fresno State 13 20 Brown 7 34
    Wisconsin 14 21 Kent State 10 37 Columbia 7 15 S. Mississippi 14 _ __ 20
    Harvard 15 San" Diego St. 26 Brig. Young 7 San Jose St. 25 Long Beach 15
    South Carolina 20 V.P.I. 10 Southern Cal 24 Oregon State 7 30 Purdue 15 22
    minois 16 28 Army 6 31 U.CX.A. 6 42 San. Barbara 0 21 Ohio U. 7 27
    Cincinatti 7 33 Wichita

Heading: C
Content: 19 Wake Forest 1! 28 Navy ( 27 E. Carolina ( 38 Indiana 1! 30 Bowl. Green l: 25
    Colgate ' By MARK KNODERER The 1970 edition of the Bucknell Water Polo Club
    will be unveiled this Saturday morning as Rens selaer Polytechnic Institute
    invades the Big Blue's Freas-Rooke nata- torium R.P.I.'s first team and the
    Bi son's starting seven will tangle at 10:00 a.m., while the second team
    from both squads will meet at 11:15. R.P.I. is an unknown quantity as far as
    ability is concerned. Like Bucknell, R.P.I. just recently start ed the
    sport. The Bisons did not play them last year, although they did participate
    in the West Point Invitational last fall, an which the Bisons finished
    third. For the Bisons, the replacement of stellar goalie Tyler Walthers, of-
    fenseman Greg Olson, and defense- man Jeff Wilkinson is the biggest task.
    However, the club has plenty of firepower remaining. Foremost among the
    returnees is Junior Paul Landes. Landes scored 66 of the club's 164 goals
    last year, including six crucial scores in the climatic 8-7 triumph over
    Cornell in the West Point semifinals last year. The most ferocious player on
    the squad is Senior Rob Worthen, who is taking over Wilkinson's place as the
    "monster man" on defense. Worthen also scored 16 goals last season. Also
    returning will be start ers Dyke Edwards (11 goals), Mike Huffman (10
    goals), and Pete O'Ke effe (12 goals). In all, the Bison's returnees scored
    127 goals last year. Coach Russell cited the teams " improved passing" and "
    better defense" as the greatest improve ments over last year. He termed
    overall team speed as the same as last year, but that is no drawback when
    compared with last year's explosive arsenal. For now, however, the Bisons
    will play them one at a time, and hope to improve on last year's 8-3 record.

Heading: The Numbers Racket
Content: 

Heading: Gilewicz, Burke Lead in Bison Grid Stats
Content: State in league play . . they'll win by 17. And Stanford will be the second team
    in two weeks to battle Purdue in a revenge match. The Indians should succeed
    this time . . they're favored by fifteen. Sixth-ranked Mississippi meets
    Alabame, 13, in a Southeast con ference feature, and Auburn, rated 8th, runs
    into tough Kentucky. The Rebels will nudge the Tide by just 2 points, and
    Auburn will claw the Wildcats just a bit . . 13 points worth.

Heading: Linksmen Win MAC Sectionals;
Content: 

Heading: Linderman Declared Ineligible
Content: 1970 BUCKNELL TWO-GAME

Heading: FOOTBALL STATISTICS
Content: 

Heading: RUSHING LEADERS
Content: Name 1 H. Burke

Heading: QB
Content: D. Giacomelli

Heading: HB
Content: M. Farbstein

Heading: FB
Content: J. Newman

Heading: FB
Content: R. Diez

Heading: FB
Content: G. Wright

Heading: HB
Content: P .Gilewicz

Heading: FL
Content: G. Doviak

Heading: QB
Content: 

Heading: PASSING LEADERS
Content: Name A lt Cpt In yd>> Td G. Doviak 46 23 1 206 H. Burke 34 17 2 205 1 D.
    Giacomelli 1 1 0 9 0 T. Lucadamo 1 1 0 -8 0

Heading: PASS RECEIVING LEADERS
Content: Boyer K 0 1-1 Griffin

Heading: TE
Content: lp

Heading: TEAM TOTALS
Content: 19 3.6 Name Pos Ci Y d Td 60 4.0 p. Gilewicz

Heading: FL
Content: 13 129 0 48 2.8 j . Griffin

Heading: TE
Content: 10 114 0 40 2.2 j . Cassidy

Heading: SE
Content: 8 79 0 19 9.5

Heading: D.
Content: Giacomelli

Heading: HB
Content: 6 48 0 17 2.8 G. Wright

Heading: HB
Content: 2 25 0 -7 -7.0

Heading: D.
Content: Biden

Heading: SB
Content: 2 22 0 -39 -5.6 J. Newman

Heading: FB
Content: 1 -5 0 0 By DAN MILLER This is a big week as far as the Bison linksmen are
    concerned. Tuesday they handily won the MAC Western Section fall golf tourna
    ment over Delaware, Gettysburg, and Rider. This weekend they travel to Navy
    for the ECAC Regional Qualifying round. In spite of the grueling 7,052 yard
    par 72 course, none of the golfers turned in inflated scores. Of the five
    competitors sent by BU, Junior Co-captain Mark Reddy shot a 76 which was the
    low score for the tournament. In addition the Bison number two finisher,
    Dave Maier pulled a 79 that was good enough for a second place tie. . The
    other participants in the tournament were sophomores Dan Stetz who notched
    an 80; Keith Anderson shot 81, and Greg Mor- das who hit the ball 82 times.
    In addition, the Herd fielded three exhibition linksmen, who be tween them
    ,put on quite a show. Tex Linderman shot a 78, George Farrantelli a 79, and
    A1 Shif tier required 82 strokes to negotiate the circuit. Coach Brad Tufts
    was pleased with his tema's performance and attributed their play to the
    fact that they had played " more this fall than ever before." This Saturday,
    October 3, Coach Tufts will take five golfers to the

Heading: "History is a nightmare
Content: 

Heading: from which I am trying
Content: 

Heading: to awaken."
Content: 

Heading: Joyce
Content: l e w is b u r g f r ie n d s m e e t in g 11:00 A M . SUNDAY

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: u s r r r r r r r r - " - -  * ................. ....

Heading: ECAC
Content: Regionals in Annapolis, Maryland. The players to go will be Reddy, Stetz, Maier,
    Farrantelli, and either Anderson or Mordas. The name of Tev Linderman is
    conspicuously absent from this list because he has been declared in eligible
    by the NCAA for intercol legiate competition. Tex is a re cipient of the
    Tony Lema Scholar ship administered by the Tony Lima Foundation. The
    position of the NCAA is that the scholarship is not administered by the
    University and thus does not meet NCAA requirements. Coach Tufts feels that
    it is " un fair and a pity that the NCAA wastes its time on such trivial af
    fairs"  and said that the ruling will be appealed at the January meet ing of
    the NCAA.

Heading: The Top
Content: 

Heading: Twenty
Content: 1-- Ohio State 2-- Texas 3-- Notre Dame 4-- Southern Cal 5-- Colorado 6--
    Mississippi 7-- Air Force 8-- Auburn 9-- Nebraska i&--Stanford 11-- Arkansas
    12-- Michigan 13-- Alabama 14-- Missouri 15-- Houston 16-- Tennessee 17--
    Penn State 18-- Arizona State 19-- West Virginia 20-- U.C.L.A.

Heading: SASSAMAN'S MUSIC STORE
Content: 

Heading: 3 Miles South of Mifflinburg --  On Route 104
Content: 

Heading: PHONE MIFFLINBURG 9664)834
Content: 

Heading: PIANOS
Content: --

Heading: COMBO ORGANS
Content: 

Heading: AMPLIFIERS --  GUITARS
Content: 

Heading: Other Stringed Instruments, Books and Most
Content: 

Heading: Musical Supplies
Content: 

Heading: PIANO TUNING SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: OPEN EVENINGS 4 TO 8 --  SATURDAYS 1 TO 8
Content: 

Heading: IT COULD HAPPEN TO YOU
Content: 

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: CANNOT ALWAYS
Content: 

Heading: PUBLISH ALL THE "HAPPENINGS OF
Content: 

Heading: NOTE" IT RECEIVES. TO INSURE TOP
Content: 

Heading: PUBLICITY FOR YOUR EVENT,
Content: 

Heading: WHY NOT ADVERTISEI
Content: 

Heading: PUNTING LEADERS
Content: Name Puni>> Yd* A vg B. Lane 11 384 34.9

Heading: KICKOFF RETURNS
Content: Name N o Yds A vg D. Giacomelli 4 68 17.0 J. Newman 2 21 10.5 B. Ciperson 1 28
    28.0 M. Farbstein 1 12 12.0 R. Diez 1 0 6-0

Heading: PUNT RETURNS
Content: Name P deg T F9 << G. Luccarelli 2 10 5.0 D. Giacomelli 1 3

Heading: INTERCEPTIONS
Content: Name N o Yds G. Luccarelli 2 6 J. Cassidy 1 0 T. Lucadamo 1 0

Heading: SCORING LEADERS
Content: First Downs

Heading: BU
Content: 

Heading: OPP
Content: Rushing 11 25 Passing 25 10 Penalties 8 3 Totals 44 38 Rushing

Heading: BU
Content: 

Heading: OPP
Content: Times Carried 86 96 Yards Gained 284 250 Yards Lost 77 59 Net Gain 267 461 3.0
    Name H. Burke M. Farbstein G. Wright No QB 1 FB 1 HB 1 Yi* Avg. Per Game
    Passing Attempts Completions Had Intercepted Net Gain TD's Avg. Per Game
    Total Offense Total Plays Net Gam Avg. Per Game Puntig Kicked Yards Average
    Scoring Summary Touchdowns PAT Kicked Other Pat FG's Points OCTOBER 2, 1970

Heading: THF. BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SEVEN
Content: 

Heading: E >>
Content: iraraNNMOMHi

Heading: S S S
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: a w i m n

Heading: put
Content: 

Heading: stopped Bison Ground Game K ey
Content: 

Heading: Bisons Stomp Pittsburgh;
Content: 

Heading: For Battle of Gettysburg
Content: 

Heading: Soccermen Face Rutgers
Content: By BOB WENDEL Those spectators at Wednesdays soccer game saw a very good in
    dication of why B.U. won a league championship last year, and why they might
    do it again. In a word, hustle. It is not unlikely that given prac tice
    session will start with t two- mile run, and end with ten 70 yard sprints.
    It sounds hard, and it is, but the rewards are reaped in every game. As was
    the case in the 4-2 victory against Pitt. By examining the statistics, the
    contest was a very close one. Both teams had about 15 shots on goal.
    Concerning saves, Lloyd Ryysylain- en had 12, while his counterpart had
    nine. The margin of difference was in something other than statistics; i.e.,
    position. Better field position usual ly means the opportunity for a better
    shot. By controlling midfield, and hav ing the inside linemen pull back on
    defense, B.U. retained posession and ultimately scored four goals because of
    it. Simply examining who scored shows a great deal. All of the scor ing was
    produced by the three in side linemen. This is pretty good indication of
    game control. Early in the first period, with only 4:45 gone, sophomore Bob
    Young put the ball in the net from the left comer of the goal area. Then
    with only 2:48 gone in the second quarter, sophomore Joe Steinmetz scored
    from the oppo site corner of the area, a shot of 15 yards. B.U. continued to
    dominate play throughout the first half, until at 12:27 in the period,
    freshman Philip Campbell scored from right in front of the goal. At this
    point it was 3-0. Pitt began to come back, and us ing ball control
    reminiscent of South American style soccer, scored with 4:30 left in the
    half. The third period saw the re mainder of the scoring. At 4:25, senior
    captain Glen Mars scored his first goal of the year. It came on a rather
    unique play. Mars had the ball deep in the left comer, and arched the ball
    toward the net. The goalie caught the shot, but fell into the net for the
    tally. The final score came on what is commonly referred to as a " gar bage"
    play. The ball was in the Bison end, and the ball was being kicked between
    many people who could not gain control of the ball with little chance for
    the goalie to retrive it. Eventually, the ball slowly rolled across the
    mouth of the net, and Pitt lineman Adi Rdissi tipped it in to score his
    second goal of the game. The most unique thing about the Pitt team was the
    very ethnic quality of the players. Most of the players names were
    unpronounc- able, and the team was very ob viously, finely tuned. The
    aggres- ive nature of the Bisons however, prevented the Panthers from get
    ting off the really good shot. The win was a very important one for the
    Bisons, since Pitt was, in the eyes of Reynolds, close to the best opponent
    of the season. His other pick is Rutgers. In tomorrows contest, the Herd
    meets the Scarlet Knights in what could be the biggest game of the year. The
    game starts at 11:00 a.m. In last years contest, Rutgers was ahead by one
    goal going into the last quarter, but the Bisons scored two goals in the
    final moments of the game. By JAMES NORTHRIDGE The Thundering Herd will look
    for their first win of the season this Saturday as they take on Gettys burg
    Bullets. The Bullets, 1-2 on the season, will prove to be a for midable foe
    but the Thundering Herd hopes to continue the im provement shown in last
    week's game for this Homecoming high light. Head football coach Fred Prender
    plans to start junior Howard Burke at quarterback after his exception al
    performance last Saturday, and his ability to run to daylight could be the
    key to a Bison victory, es pecially since Burke will find it much toughter
    to pass against the Bullet's defense. Don Beekman, an all conference safety
    last year, heads defensive secondary that has allowed only nine completed
    passes in fifty five attempts in their first two games. The strong
    Gettysburg secondary has also intercepted eight aerials Opponents of
    Gettysburg have been able to run successfully against the Bullet's defensive
    line. Charles Seidenstrickes, a first string defensive end, is out due to an
    injury and therefore the Get tysburg defensive should be even further
    weakened. The Thundering Herd appears to be in fine physical shape with only
    senior Don Giacomelli still showing traces of an injury from last Sat
    urday's ball game with Baldwin Wallace, but Prender is confident that his
    big back will be ready and willing on Saturday. Coach Prender is looking for
    ward to a tough game but he feels that the Big Blue can win it. "We're now
    0-2 and every game is a big one for us. We need sixty

Heading: Players of the Week
Content: 

Heading: Susquehanna Succumbs
Content: 

Heading: To Field Hockey Team
Content: The girl's field hockey team op ened its 1970 season with a 3-1 win over the
    Crusaders of Susque hanna University on the Tustin Gym field Thursday. The
    scoring in the first half came off the sticks of center forward Sue Styer
    and right winger Widget Crane. Then in the second half Lisa Cordier tallied
    after an ex plosive fast break. For the first game of the season Coach Marge
    Peck was happy with the style of play of her team. "Their conditioning was
    good," she said and in spite of the fact that it was the first contest of
    the season it was a fast, wide open

Heading: IND Undefeated,
Content: 

Heading: Untied in Soccer
Content: 

Heading: LCA
Content: 

Heading: SAE
Content: 

Heading: KDR
Content: 

Heading: SX
Content: 

Heading: SAM
Content: 

Heading: IND
Content: 

Heading: TKE
Content: 

Heading: PGD
Content: 

Heading: RAM
Content: 

Heading: TX
Content: 

Heading: KS
Content: 

Heading: PKP
Content: 

Heading: DU
Content: 

Heading: TDX
Content: 

Heading: SPE
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: E
Content: League I 2

Heading: }
Content: 1 1 0 League II 4 3 1 1 0 League III 3 3 2 0 0 League IV 2 1 1 1 0 0 0 2 3 0 1 2
    3 3 0 1 1 3 3 0 0 1 1 2 3 3 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 2 2 1 1 game." "The
    basic strategy of passing to the open girl was well executed." Also on the
    bright side is the fact that there were no injuries, attributed by the coach
    to the sup erb conditioning of her players. Coach Peck felt that the game
    was " a little rougher than it should have been. There should be zero body
    contact in field hockey." The other noteworthy fact about this opening
    contest was the size of the crowd. Coach Peck com mented that it was " the
    largest crowd to attend a BU field hockey game." Junior Winger, Kathy
    Kellogg said that it was an encouraging factor to have a crowd cheering the
    team on." It makes all the dif ference in the world." The next game for the
    girls is Wednesday, October 7 when they take on Lock Haven State. Last
    year's match was a 7-0 set back for the team but this year's result feels
    Coach Peck "could well be a little different." Howard Burke of White Planes,
    N. Y. and Tony Lucadamo of Haz leton have been selected by the coaching
    staff as players of the week for the Baldwin-Wallace game which the Herd
    lost, 29-21. The two Orange and Blue team mates were honored by the Lewis-
    burg Touchdown Club on Wednes day. Chosen as the offensive player of the
    game, Burke entered the con test early in the second quarter with the Bisons
    down, 23-0. From his quarterback position the 6-4, 190-pound junior carried
    the ball 19 times for 69 yards, including an eight-yard touchdown run. He
    completed 17 of 34 passes for 205 yards, and tossed a 15-yard scoring aerial
    to halfback Gregory Wright. Burke also passed to tight end Jay Griffin for a
    two-point conver sion. The game marked the first appearance of Burke in a
    Bucknell contest after graduating from Nor walk (Conn.) Community College.
    Prender said, " Howie got us go ing. He seemed to give us the necessary
    spark to move the of fense and he sure had us excited the rest of the way."
    Lucadamo was operating as a starter at safety for the first time this
    season. The 5-9, 165- pound senior was in on a number of tack les and gave
    excellent coverage on pass defense. Tony Lucadamo

Heading: WHEN HUNGER STRIKES
Content: 

Heading: STRIKE BACK ! ! !
Content: 

Heading: CALL 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: THF. BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: OCTOBER 2, 1970

Heading: PLAIN
Content: 

Heading: WITH EXTRA CHEESE
Content: 

Heading: MEATBAJ.L
Content: 

Heading: PEPPERONI
Content: 

Heading: SAUSAGE
Content: 

Heading: MUSHROOMS
Content: Small (12" )

Heading: $1.60
Content: 

Heading: $1.80
Content: 

Heading: $1.80
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: Lge. (16" )

Heading: $2.45
Content: 

Heading: $2.80
Content: 

Heading: $2.80
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY'S AT 523-9251 TO PLACE ORDER.
Content: 

Heading: ALL ORDERS C. O. D.
Content: In the first quarter Lucadamo made a splendid interception to stop a Baldwin-
    Wallace drive on the Bucknell 13. Coach Prender said, "We changed our
    defense thinking and used two safeties for B-W. Tony became a starter and
    did a great job." The Bisons (0-2) will be looking for their first win of
    the season this Saturday at home against Get tysburg College before an
    antici pated large Homecoming crowd.

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: Menu-
Content: Bison Coach Fred Prender is look ing for 60 minutes of solid football from his
    team this Saturday. minutes of solid football from our team and I suspect
    it's coming pretty soon." Prender didn't add many new variations to his
    team's offense this week but rather, " polished up the basics." He hopes to
    be able to proceed with a balanced attack but the Bison backs could find
    themselves doing extra duty be cause of the Bullet secondary. Gettysburg has
    high hopes to even their record at 2-2 but the Thundering Herd should put on
    a strong show for their Homecoming fans.

Heading: Send Her A Piiza
Content: 

Heading: C. P. D. S.
Content: Howie Burke

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: s N ow  d eliv ers to  all R esid en ce L ou n ges
Content: 

Heading: ORDERS TAKEN:-- Call GARY'S at 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: TO ORDER UNTIL 11:30 P. M.-- SUNDAY thru THURSDAY
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: ___ WHATS PLAYING? -----

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOAKD
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY --  SATURDAY
Content: 

Heading: North Front Street
Content: 

Heading: 17 Bound Avenu
Content: 

Heading: 742-9392
Content: 

Heading: 742-8818
Content: 

Heading: DAN'S
Content: 

Heading: USED
Content: 

Heading: FURNITURE
Content: HOURS: MON.. TUES., THURS., FRI., 1:00 TO 9:00 P.M. SAT. 9:00 A :M : TO 5:00
    P.M.

Heading: CLOSED ALL DAY WED.
Content: 

Heading: John Wayne
Content: 

Heading: s"Qiij$iinf
Content: 

Heading: FonestTxkerQiristDpher George-Benjohnson Boice Cabcf
Content: O e rn C o rtie ttP ^ K n c^ A n d re w P rin e -

Heading: Lynda Day-And NnxJudr&Geoffrey Deuel & Pamela MCMyter
Content: Executive Producer Michael Wayne * Witten and Produced by Andiewtfewady Directed
    by Andrew YMCLaglem rax Warner bros. ^1 AKim uiurom nanu I I I PANAVISION(r)
    TECHNICOLORS *Kiriney company

Heading: SUNDAY --  MONDAY --  TUESDAY
Content: 

Heading: Malon Brando
Content: 

Heading: -in
Content: 

Heading: "A STREETCAR
Content: 

Heading: 'NAMED DESIRE
Content: 

Heading: Dean of Men Reports
Content: 

Heading: Assaults on Students
Content: By NICKI DREW and PETE BALAKIAN Several incidents of violence involving
    University students and residents of Lewisburg have been reported during the
    past week by Dr. Thomas J- Risch, Dean of Men. The first incident which
    occurred the weekend of September 26, involved a series of upperclassmen
    who, under the influence of alcohol, verbally intimidated several freshman
    gifts. One girl was accosted by four upperclassmen and taken forcibly to one
    of their rooms where they harrassed her until she escaped. Although the girl
    is not pressing charges against the assultants she did remark shortly after
    the incident, " I hope something can be done about the situation. It was a
    horrible experience and shouldn't happen again on a campus like ours."
    Another example of violence took place in Lewisburg last week end when three
    male students were harrassed by local teen-agers. Several fights broke out
    after the youths shouted insults concerning the students' long hair and
    clothing. The result was that some of the students were physically harmed,
    particularly a freshman, who is in the hospital with a broken jaw. Other
    less dramatic instances of this sort that have been taking place during the
    past few weeks include a car which was vandalized on campus last week-end.
    In addition, groups of unauthorized people have have been selling
    unsolicited goods in the dormitories, especially in Roberts Hall. The
    freshman girls have complained about the "disturbing"  presence of male
    students upstairs in the dormitories after 2:00 a.m. Unfortunately,
    according to Dean Risch, University officials are finding it hard to combat
    the problems because the victims, in most cases, refuse to cooperate by
    pressing charges. He feels that the students are probably afraid to continue
    their prosecution be cause of possible reoccurrences which might endanger
    them. By BILL WHITNEY The "Students for Peace" will sponsor Arthur L. Berger
    to speak here Wednesday, October 7 at 9 p.m. in Coleman 101-B. Berger,
    Democratic candidate for United States Representative from the nineteenth
    Pennsylvania dis trict, is a Peace and New Priorities candidate, endorsed by
    such nation wide groups as the Movement for a New Congress and Referendum
    '70. ' " He will discuss the war in Viet nam, environment, education, trans
    portation, and other contemporary issues," according to organizer Dave
    Logan. October 10 and 17, a contingent of about 24 BU students will travel
    to Berger's district to leaflet, tele phone, and canvass in his cam paign.
    In related events, workers led by Marian Payack, for the nationwide
    Congressional Action Fund, will so licit funds on campus this week for Peace
    candidates. Money collected nationwide will go to ten marginal Peace
    campaigns selected by the contributors from 25 CAF endorsed candidates, of
    which Berger is the only Pennsylvania selection. Golding has been ranked as
    the most conservative member of Penn sylvania's Congressional delega tion by
    the Americans for Consti tutional Action, a conservative po litical group.
    It is hoped by the " Students for ' .Peace" organizers that Berger is among
    the ten CAF recipients in order for him to conduct an eleventh-hour radio
    campaign. Schmidt said that the "Students for Peace" can be called the "
    first surfacing of post-Strike political activity on campus."

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 8
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY. OCTOBER 6. 1970
Content: 

Heading: #Che
Content: 

Heading: Uurtmcllian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Faculty Takes Action On
Content: 

Heading: Revised Senate Proposal
Content: 

Heading: Democratic Candidate
Content: 

Heading: Will Speak for Peace
Content: Future activities of the group will include sponsoring Norval Reece, a Quaker
    who lost the Democratic Senetorial nomination to party- backed William
    Sesler in the May primary, to speak here October 15. By SUE PRESTON The
    University faculty passed a motion which states they will re convene on
    October 19 at 4:45 p.m. to debate for one hour, the newly revised senate
    proposal. This will be the first step in a four part ra tification process.
    Any amendments to the proposal must be submitted to the secretary of the
    faculty, Dr. Lester Kieft, by October 14. Faculty members must vote on all
    new amendments at that time or the time for debate may be extended. The
    motion was made by the committee of four appointed last May to draw up the
    new document. The committee includes Dr. Ralph Spielman, professor of
    sociology; Dr. Edward Staiano, director of computer activities; Dr. John Pe
    eler, assistant professar of political science; Dr. Ralph Walker, profes sor
    of electrical engineering. The rationale behind their motion to give them
    time to include any new amendments or editorial changes in the final
    document and to dis tribute these copies to the faculty for this meeting.
    The other four stages of the rati fication process include considera tion,
    amendment and ratification by the Association of Bucknell Stu dents;
    revision by a conference committee to resolve faculty-stu dent differences;
    final faculty and then student acceptance or rejec tion; and finally
    presidential ap proval. Stephen Becker, associate profes sor of physics,
    presented a motion stating that only a simple majority of faculty members
    present and voting, as opposed to the two thirds requirement passed last
    May, be required for the adoption of any new form of governance. Dr. Peeler
    spoke against the mo tion on behalf of the Committee of Four for three
    reasons. They feel that as large a majority and con sequently a small
    minority should (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Lindsay Announces
Content: 

Heading: Urban Fellowship
Content: Mayor John V. Lindsay announc ed today that New Yory City is launching the third
    year of its Urban Fellowship Program. With the cooperation of selected
    colleges and universities, the City will conduct a nation-wide competi tion
    to choose twenty exceptional students as Urban Fellows for full time
    internships in City govern ment from September 1971 to June 1972. Urban
    Fellows work directly with heads of New York City govern ment agencies and
    with top Mayoral assistants. Their assign ments involve administrative prob
    lem-solving, research, policy plan ning, and related management areas.
    Fellows also take part in weekly seminars with top City officials and with
    local and national leaders in urban affairs and other relevant fields of
    interest. For the 1971-72 Urban Fellowship Program the City is greatly widen
    ing ist campus coverage to include some 400 colleges and universities
    accross the nation. For a year's service in New Yory City, each Urban Fellow
    will re ceive a stipend of $4,000 from the City, and an additional minimum
    of $500 from his school, plus ap propriate academic credit and wai ver of
    tuition costs. The first group of Urban Fellows completed its tour of duty
    here in June 1970, and a second group has just begun its work. Fellows have
    carried out such diverse assign ments as Assistant to the Deputy Mayor,
    Assistant to the President (Continued on Page 3) Homecoming Queen Veda Ward
    poses in front of the float constructed by Theta Chi fraternity and Delta
    Delta Delta sorority. The float won first prize in the Weekend's parade.
    Second prize went to the float made by Kappa Sigma and Roberts Hall with
    third place honors going to Delta Upsilon and Pi Beta Phi. The float made by
    Phi Gamma Delta fraternity and Phi Mu sorority gained an Honorable Mention.
    (photo by Guy Wylie)

Heading: Three Year Success on Broadway
Content: 

Heading: Susquehanna Series Presents 'Charlie Brown'
Content: 

Heading: Local Merchants Donate
Content: 

Heading: Money for Homecoming
Content: The Lewisburg Merchants' As sociation donated four hundred dol lars for use in
    last week-end's f Homecoming activities. Lewisburg merchants & busines sman
    contributing to Bucknell Homecoming Parade: Hopp's News, M. J. Gundy Shoppe,
    Foss Jewelers, Mensch Agency, Donehower's, Reish Brothers, Sunbury Daily
    Item, Lewisburg Credit Bureau, J. J. Newberry Co., B. O. Dauberts, Inc. The
    Lyons Shop, MacIntyre In teriors, Rea & Derrick Drugs, Sil- cos, Brough's
    Menswear, Lyons Gift Shop, Gary's Restaurant, Bendt's, Lewisburg Card
    Shoppe, Union County Journal, Burrey's Warehouse, Busser Supply Co.. Bechtel
    Brothers Dairy, Lewis burg Builder's Supply, The Pizza Hutch, Lewisburg
    CATV, Moore Business Forms, D & H Electric Co., R. Fetter, Ross Studios. The
    Children's Center, Kugler's, Brunos, Brozmans, Grenoble's Bakery, Lewisburg
    Trust - Co., Union National Bank, WUDO Radio, Buffalo Valley Telephone Co.,
    Lewisburg National Bank, Law son's Shoes. Wagner's Stationary, Grenoble's
    Jewelers, Heim Agency, Stamm's

Heading: TV,
Content: Matrey's Foodtown, Focht Printing, Troutman's Drugs, Meck- ley Markets, Merit
    Loan Co., The Wardrobe arid Prowant's Menswear. By PAMELA MAY This Friday
    night the " cynical wisdom of Lucy, the straight-for ward philosophizing of
    Linus " as well as the familiar antics of all the other " Peanuts"
    characters will be brought to the stage of Susque hanna University as the
    National Performing Arts Company presents " You're a Good Man Charlie Brown"
    under the University Artist Series. The delightful musical, which has
    enjoyed a three year success in New York City, is the " comic strip
    characters brought to life." Through a series of short, well- constructed
    scenes the audience will view the simple, yet strikingly clear-cut and
    insightful reflections of children, the quality responsible for the
    continuing popularity of Charles Schultz's cartoon. Spectators will witness
    Charlie Brown's frustration on the baseball mound, the concentrated toil of
    Schroeder as he labors over a book report on Peter Rabbit, and the ec-
    stacies of Snoopy in his exhuber- ant dance celebrating the ritual of
    suppertime. Show time will be 8 p.m., Fri day. Tickets are $2.00 for
    students and $3.00 for adults. A sell-out is expected, so all those wishing
    tick ets are encouraged to call for res ervations at 374-1251. "You're a
    Good Man Charlie Brown marks this season's open ing of the Susquehanna
    University Artist Series. Comparable to the Artist Series, the program is
    designed to " expose students to different cultuhal forms they may not be
    familiar with -- theatre, dance and concertsj" states Director Clyde
    Lindsley. " This year's series is particularly well- varied." Director
    Lindsley continues. Scheduled for November 11 is Emlyn Williams as " Charles
    Dick ens," to mark the one-hundredth anniversary of the death of the
    literary figure. The second semester will see "The Tamburitzans" of Duquene
    University February 9, the Sastman Philharmonica March 6, and Richard Dyer
    Bennet, folk- singer and balladeer on March 25.

Heading: Ondishko Enters Hall of Fame;
Content: 

Heading: ROTE Grads Earn Distinction
Content: Colonel J. Ondishko, professor of military science at the University, was
    recently inducted into the In fantry Officer Candidate School Hall of Fame
    at Fort Benning, Georgia. To be eligible for this honor an individual must
    have graduated from Infantry Officer Candidate School and attained the rank
    of Colonel. He must also have served in a position of national prominence.
    Since 1941 more than 106,000 men have been commissioned through Officer
    Candidate School. Only 483 of these men have been accorded the honor of
    induction into the Hall of Fame. A graduate of the University of Omaha, Col.
    Ondishko is a veteran of 25 years of military service. He has seen duty in
    Japan, Korea, Germany, and Vietnam and joined the University faculty last
    November. In other ROTC news two Uni- cently graduated with distinction
    centdy graduated with distinction from Officer Basic Courses. Second
    Lieutenant Jeffrey

Heading: W.
Content: Moorman completed the Infantry Officers Basic Course at Fort Ben ning, Georgia
    as number one in a class of 203 newly commissioned officers. Moorman, an
    ROTC scholarship winner while here and a member of Theta Delta Chi social
    fraternity, holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry. He is now on
    leave enroute to an assignment in the Federal Republic of Germany Second
    Lieutenant Charles

Heading: L.
Content: Amao graduated in the upper fifth of the class of 120 attending the Signal
    Officers Basic Course at Fort Gordon, Georgia. He is presently in Ranger
    School at Fort Benning, Georgia, prior to reporting to his permanent duty
    station at Fort Carson, Colorado.

Heading: I
Content: Sk

Heading: Student Action: Three Contrasting Views
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: 

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Peace Politics
Content: By JACK SCHMIDT (The following are excerpts from " The Politics of Peace" which
    appeared in the August issue of THE WASHINGTON MONTHLY. Its author, Sam
    Brown, left Harvard Divinity School to organize Students-for-Mc- Carthy and
    was coordinator of the Vietnam Moratorium. He has just returned from a trip
    to Vietnam.) " When I visited the North Vietnamese and NLF rep resentatives
    in Paris last February, they made it clear that they had never counted on
    the American left to end the war. Madame Nguyen Thi Binh, the foreign
    minister of the Provisional Revolutionary Government (of the NLF), remarked
    that she found student radicals very sectarian and reluctant to touch
    political power. She continued that the confused assortment of political
    objectives on the left--from legalizing marijuana to overthrowing the gov
    ernment to providing free abortions--dilutes the political impact of the
    peace movement . . . Insofar as unrelated issues are tied to the peace
    movement, weakening it, Vietnamese people and American soldiers die every
    day because the peace movement has exported the costs of America's social
    problems to Asia. " . . . The significance of our acts in the peace move
    ment is politically determined, not privately defined. Every time a 16-year-
    old high school student steps off the curb for a demonstration, there is a
    political effect. The war may .be nearer or further from its end, according
    to the political impact of his action. This places an awe some
    responsibility on those who lead others into action. "The responsibility
    will be increasingly important as it becomes clearer that President Nixon is
    committed to some kind of non-defeat in Indochina which he calls" win- ning
    the peace."  There is no evidence in his history that he could withdraw all
    troops from Vietnam and stop all bombing if doing so would be described as a
    defeat. This means that building peace politics is not superfluous.
    American, Cambodian, and Vietnamese bodies are still being blown apart every
    day, and only a peace movement which reaches Richard Nixon's constitutency
    can stop it... "The outline of a successful anti-war strategy, it seems to
    me, is clear: Hie appeal must be made in such a way that Middle Americans
    will not ignore the substance of the argument because of an offensive style.
    Support for such an appeal exists. After all, immediate withdrawal is not a
    radical proposal in this country today, and careful an alysis of the polls
    shows that all political stances on the war must be couched in terms of
    reaching the quickest possible termination. This indicates (hat a quick
    political settlement or immediate withdrawal can become a major ity position
    if the message is presented in a strong but palatable fashion. "While peace
    activists should not underestimate po tential support for an anti-war
    position, we should also avoid underestimating President Nixon's commitment
    to some sort of victory in Southeast Asia . . . The President has read the
    history books and knows that the great Pres idents of the United States won
    wars. He even knows what (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: La Pastiche
Content: -La Pastiche: Apology to Burt Bacharach By RICK VANCE Oh Scott, great,
    uninhibited Scott. There you walk, boldly barefoot on Bucknell grass, the
    quad of last year's mass meetings between us, empty, resting, awaiting the
    reincarnation of another Cambodia. You move in long, casual strides, humming
    to a transistorized tune as you glide toward the fountain where you will
    pause for pre cisely five minutes and pretend to watch the sunset. Pre
    tension. How convincing is your freaky existentialist fa cade: your Jesus
    beard and long hair teased to wind blown-like perfection, your granny
    glasses and sunlamp tan, your timeworn bells, your army field jacket and bor
    rowed, unfathomed philosophies. Yoyr jacket swings open and closed as you
    walk, alternately whispering and stifling your t-shirted claim to collegiate
    status and know ledge whose presupposition is not wisdom. (Irony: the
    targets of your verbal spewings, the hardhats, are no less wise and far
    nobler than yourself, for they are sincere; you are not). Ah, but how
    completely you gave of yourself. How loudly you supported the cancelling of
    classes. How extensively you enjoyed the extra Bison breaks and bull shit
    sessions that precious time afforded . . . You wear a chain. It is a large
    exclamation point which rims your fashionably thin neck. Its dot is a peace
    sign that dangles close to your unfashionably empty heart. P-e-a-c-e or p-i-
    e-c-e? Your pagan sex shouts your reveren- cy: worshipping sex -for the sake
    of sex alone. Your marijuana rationale, your obscuring Bible, defies love.
    Drugs make love irrelevant, don't they? Bad becomes better; primitive carbon
    suddenly, miracuously seems like diamond, and wrong becomes . . . well, who
    of us can say what is right and what is wrong, ("Conceived in con cupiscence
    we die unrepentant.''#'Updike). Oh, Scott, poor, misguided Scott. You see
    several others by the fountain; your pace quickens, and a prac ticed,
    toothpaste smile flashes onto your lips. It will vanish when you are alone,
    when your performance is without audience, but now it is there, mocking you,
    dis torting you . . . you, a professed constituent of the " let it all hang
    out"  set . . . you, a self-proclaimed member of the " love generation." . .
    . to whom love is irrelevant??? The look of love is not yet the look of the
    "love gen eration," because most of us are merely imitators, and that which
    we have chosen to imitate is not love.

Heading: Editorial Board
Content: Bucknellian editorial board meeting 6:30 p.m., Fri day, October 9, New Dorm Pit
    meetings are open to all. Topics: the structure of a University in relation
    to the Proposal for a University Senate January Plan scholarships? (Members
    are requested to formulate written po sitions on topics prior to the
    meetings)

Heading: Plugged Channels
Content: To the Editor: As I mentioned last evening, at the great risk of being
    immediately labelled a typical reactionary administrator, I would like to
    propose that the Bucknellian publish Dr. Toole's letter. Though basically
    liberal, I do adhere to the somewhat hackneyed aphorism that " action speaks
    louder than words."  He strips away the bull, acknowledges our areas of
    greatest need and suggests that this volatile body of 42 million, " get on
    with it" . . . and my observation is that they will be startled at the large
    number of other en lightened people who will join forces. Jack E. Brothers
    Director of Alumni Relations Dear Waiting Student: If you haven't discovered
    it yet, now is the time. Upon what meat does the violent rockthrowing,
    building- burning campus militant feed? On yours, Sir, your very own flesh.
    You, the standers-by; the doubters concerning the question of whether the
    American system can work. It is very late and there are some things you
    should know -- and you should know whether you like them or not. You are
    standing by basically because you say you are frustated; the channels are
    plugged; you cannot make your voices heard. You are idealistic and you love
    your country, but maybe the violent ones are right. Maybe you will join
    because the only course left to you, you say, may be violence. It so happens
    that you are wrong, dead wrong. Across America there is growing wrath about
    college violence. Not anger; wrath. Call it middle America, call it " those
    people out there,"  call it the " silent majority" -- call it what you will,
    but every act of violence by the left on any campus in America feeds the
    fires of the right. ** And the power's there on the right; the power that
    will force legislatures and Boards of Regents to devise iron clad rules of
    conduct for students and faculty; a suppres sion which will put the 1920's
    to shame. It will destroy academic freedom and it will destroy your own
    oppor tunity to get an education. I am sick to death of your drumbeat,
    overblown rhe toric, the monotonus litany, "We cannot make our voices heard.
    No one will listen to us."  The violent left is heard. But you are correct
    in thinking that very few people listen. That is because the violent ones
    have nothing to say. So the channels are plugged? You have no way to go? The
    wires are cut? You are powerless? Here again, the bull horn rhetoric. The
    channels to change in America are not plugged. You simply do not know how to
    use them. I, for one, am sick of the fact that you haven't done your
    homework or tried very hard. Just as a simple example: There are 31,000,000
    voters in America under thirty. As former Chief Justice Warren put it, "
    Youth can lead a crusade anytime it wants to." If the 18-yeor-old vote
    stands the test of constitutionality. 11,000,000 more youths will be added
    to the roles. That is* (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: FEEDBACK: Becker
Content: 

Heading: The Doctor's Bag
Content: To the Editor: Due to the lack of accuracy and the abundance of unfounded opini
    ons and implications in Steve Becker's column "Here We Go Again," I feel it
    necessary to give a fuller picture of the situation. In reference to
    American motives of military action in Jordan, Mr. Becker states that "the
    first thing that comes to mind is U.S. business interests-oil," as well as
    American opposition to the formation of a Marxist Arab state, inherently ben
    eficial for the Palestinians. Mr. Becker lacks both facts and infor-

Heading: iElj
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: 

Heading: Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL, STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member at
    Associated Collegiate Press. A n n u a l subscription, $7.00, payable In ad
    vance. Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the post
    office at Lewlsburg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: BILL UVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any Issue and take a stand we deem in the best Interest ol the
    University, to treat every issue with the responsibility that Is accorded us
    In a free society to be constructively critical whan necessary as well as
    laudatory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy ana in
    tegrity. Editorials appearing on this page reflect the majority opinion o f.
    the editorial board and that of the editors. Signed columns present the
    views only of the authors. All letters should be addressed to the Editor,
    and must be received no later than Saturday noon for publication In the
    Tuesday edition and Wednes day noon for publication In the Friday edition.
    All letters must be signed and typed double-spaced: however, names may be
    withheld upon request. The Editor reserves the right to choose all letters
    for publication, and to edit any letter ehoeen for reasons of space
    restrictions, grammatical cnange and offensive language. O ffice: Fochl
    Printing Co., 22$ Market Street, 8*8-4X11 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 824-1221

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 6, 1970 matiion. The state of Jordan was set up after WWI due to a quirk
    of history. It is a chunk of land arbitrarily chosen in reference to natural
    bor ders. It is almost totally devoid of natural resources, dependent to a
    great deal upon financial aid from other countries for its viability, thus a
    poor target for 'American imperial exploitation'. The inherent benevolence
    of a Marxist state set up for Palestini ans frankly escapes me. First of
    all, a small percentage of the ter rorist forces are Marxist in ideal- ogy,
    while the total number of ter rorists make up a small % of the Palestinian
    population. The Arab people, by tradition (Islam) are not Marxist and, if
    anything, are opposed to its ideology. Further more, neither the ability nor
    the desire of the terrorist command to take over the government of Jordan
    has been shown. To me, American interest in the Hussein monarchy is obvious.
    The Arab bloc in the Middle East makes up an important portion of the wordl
    population, size and influence. The U.S. has no diplomatic rela tions with
    Egypt, Syria and Iraq. Lebanon cannot truly be consider ed an Arab state.
    Thus, Jordan is the U.S.'s only tie with this im portant bloc. Should the
    Palestini ans gain control of Jordan, the U.S. would have no diplomatic ties
    with the Arab Middle East. Nasser, him self, supported Hussein, in part, to
    keep an open channel between him self and Washington. Blatant statements of
    Israeli policy toward the Palestinian refu gees' policy toward Israel put
    forth in the column only go further to in dicate how misinformed Mr. Beck er
    is. Steve Billig By ARNOLD WERNER c 1970 CPS Address letters to Dr. Arnold
    Werner, Box 974, East Lansing, Michigan 48823. QUESTION: I have just had a
    baby. It is two weeks old and I am breast feeding her. If I were to return
    to taking mescaline or amphetamines, would my milk be harmful to my baby in
    any way? ANSWER: A variety of drugs do appear in mother's milk. Usually they
    are not there in a very high concentration. Accurate data is difficult to
    come by on the subject of amphetamine and mescaline excretion in milk. But
    there is little reason to doubt that some drug gets through. The sit uation
    is complicated by the fact that " street" drugs vary tremendously in content
    and some contain fairly potent poisons, which may enter the milk in large
    amounts. An important consideration should be the potential difficulty that
    could arise for your helpless infant if you were to be out of commission on
    a bad trip. In addition, amphetamines markedly decrease one's ap-' petite,
    and the nursing mother needs a fair amount of food above her own
    requirements to keep the milk factory running. It is very important that the
    mother have an adequate amount of milk, fruit, vegetables and pro tein in
    the form of meat, poultry or fish. Nursing mothers are also given vitamins.
    Breast-feeding has been gaining in popularity again in recent years. It has
    tremendous practical advantages as you always carry the food supply with you
    and there is no fussing with bottles, etc. It is economical and many women
    find it very gratifying. My own careful observation of babies at the breast
    makes me think that they have a good thing going for them and they know it.
    La Leche League is an association of volunteer breast-feeding mothers. Check
    your local telephone directory. QUESTION: I live off campus and have a
    limited amount of refrigerator space. Which of the following types of things
    would be safe to keep out of the refrigerator without spoiling (as long as
    months): catsup, peanut butter, barbeque sauce, jelly, pickles, relish,
    mustard, pickled beets?. . ANSWER: My, but you have a limited diet. Many
    food containers are marked indicating whether they need to be refrigerated
    after opening. Pickles, relish and pickled beets probably should be
    refrigerated after opening. Some mustards should be as well, but this is
    easily beaten by using dry mustard and mixing as much as you want each time.
    The other items on your list that do not require refrigeration include dried
    fruits, halvah and certain types of salami. You can also save refrigerator
    space by using dry milk and mixing a serving at a time; it's also very
    cheap. Processed cheeses (ask your local grocer) also do not require
    refrigera tion. Most things made from milk, cream and eggs, such as
    mayonnaise, custards and cream pies as well as potato salads, etc., must toe
    refriger ated at all times. Many people get serious food poisoning from
    these products which are easily contaminated by dangerous bacteria in warm
    weather.

Heading: 1
Content: 3% Wednesday, October 7 12 Noon

Heading: * * ? 2
Content: 

Heading: Joseph B-
Content: 

Heading: Imagining, Part I
Content: 

Heading: Tustin Field
Content: 

Heading: Fipld Hockev vs. Lock Haven
Content: 

Heading: rusun rieiu
Content: Bucknell-Russian Series Film: "Ivan T ^ T e m b te ^  Part o Meetiiui Coleman
    Hall 102A S p >>.sh  Student _ Merck Lecture: Dr. Edward L. Engelhardt: "The
    Chem istry and Stereo-chemistry of D i b e n z o ^ ^ c  o^ p - Central Penn
    Psychology Lecture Series: Dr. Edith Nie- maik 'S g s  Are Sometimes What
    They Seem: A Cau tion On The Seductions of 'Simplicity' '

Heading: J
Content: g j And. Drug Program ^ Thursday, October 8 Rooke Chapel 4*45 um Catholic Mass ,
    ,, 4.4>> p. . 1Q7. _ j 1973 Film: Sandpebbles 8:00 p.m. Classes of 1971 and
    v m  rum . *vaughan Lit. Aud. 9 00 pm " ICHTHUS"  (Informal Worship) Rooke

Heading: 3  iTss ysr a ssa r
Content: 

Heading: University Co-operates
Content: 

Heading: In Electricity Reduction
Content: 4:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 7:30 pan. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m.

Heading: Military Plans
Content: A meeting to discuss action to be taken against military recruitment on campus
    will be held on Tuesday, October 6, at 7:00 p.m. in Coleman 101B.

Heading: Exams
Content: The Graduate Record Examina tions, including the Advanced Tests in major areas,
    will be offered at the University on October 24 (the registration forms must
    be in Princeton by October 6). The tests will also be offered December 12,
    January 16, April 24, and February 27 (at Penn State, Pittsburgh, and
    Philadelphia). Further information about these examinations may be obtained
    at the Department of Ed ucation office in Coleman Hall B115. By NANCY GRDEN
    The University co-operated last week with Pennsylvania Power and Light and
    Citizens Electric Com pany in Lewisburg by reducing their electrical power
    load in or der to prevent a blow-out due to the unseasonable hot weather.

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: Faculty
Content: (Continued from Page 1) be behind any new form of govern ment for it to be
    effective. He also felt that if a two-thirds majority is not reached, the
    committee can try again, and that if the document were passed by a less than
    this majority, it would cause a breach of faith with some faculty members.
    Becker's motion was defeated 70 to 34. . , . Other business at Monday s fac
    ulty meeting included the addition of one more class day to next year's
    academic calendar by short ening freshman orientation week. Dr F. David
    Martin, professor of philosophy, was nominated to serve on the committee on
    schedul ing for one year. The ABS will vote upon the ap pointment of Mr.
    Alan I. Leshner, assistant professor of psychology, and Owen Mahon,
    asssitant profes sor of accounting to the Board of Review of Academic
    Responsibility. Dr. 'Edward Cotter, assistant pro fessor of geology, was
    nominated to serve on the student affairs com mittee. , , Dr. Douglass
    Candland, professor of psychology, motioned that the faculty elect a
    parlimentanan and vice-parlimentarian to answer pro cedural questions that
    arise during meetings. His motion was tabled until the November faculty meet
    ing.

Heading: Fellowship
Content: Mr. Walter Geiger, head of the physical plant, reported that the University
    reduced the amount of electricity used in various campus buildings, as well
    as the air-condi tioning load in these buildings. They also cut off the
    lighting of the library and chapel at night, and the band practice in the
    foot ball stadium with only half the usual amount of lighting. Geiger also
    said that the Uni versity has an electric generator, and they offered its
    use to local utilities should it be needed. Pennsylvania Power and Light,
    which feeds Citizens Electric Com pany and the University, reduced its
    voltage situation up to 5 per cent of the usual amount of volt age last week
    in order to prevent any brown-outs or black-outs such as those experienced
    in the rest of the northeastern section of the United States, from New
    England through North Carolina. (Continued from Page 1) of the Board of
    Education, Urban Fellow in Comprehensive health Planning, and others of
    comparable responsibility and interest. Several outstanding Urban Fel lows
    have accepted career positions of high responsibility and challenge in
    agencies of the City government and in the Office of the Mayor while the
    majority have gone on to continue their education. In describing the work
    perform ance of Fellows, Mayor Lindsay said: _  , "The accomplishments of
    the mel lows have already outpaced our high evpectations. These young people
    have not only performed their assigned tasks well, they have also, to a
    surprising degree, altered the climate of our City government.

Heading: " . '.many people even in a
Content: 

Heading: time of crisis, yearn for
Content: 

Heading: tolerance
Content: a n d

Heading: reason and
Content: 

Heading: simplicity
Content: o f

Heading: life: . .
Content: 

Heading: --KENNETH CLARK
Content: l e w is b u r g f r ie n d s m e e t in g 11:00

Heading: AM.
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY
Content: 

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: m n w w fW f !# ......... ....

Heading: Prices Reduced
Content: 

Heading: On Play Tickets
Content: University Students attending Cap and Dagger productions this year will discover
    reduced ticket prices for many performances. For example the stulent theatre
    goer will find lower prices in effect for three of the five productions of
    "The Alchemist." This service has been made pos sible by a subsidy granted
    by the

Heading: ABS.
Content: Upon presentation of a University ID, a student will receive a one dollar
    discount on either the $1.75 or $2.00 ticket for any student dis count
    performance. One discount ticket may be pur chased for each ID presented,
    with a maximum of two discounts per person. Tickets for all productions are
    on sale in advance at the Bookstore and at the door. "The Alchemist," C&D s
    first production, will be presented Octo ber 16, 17, 22, 23, and 24. October
    16, 17, and 22 have been designated as' student discount nights (Continued
    from Page 2) room of the White House was used to announce the great wartime
    de cisions. . . The President's personal commitment to the war helps ex
    plain why he goes for the political groin to justify his actions. He uses
    patriotism and the flag, which are deep-seated loyalties for most Americans,
    to stimulate support for a war which clearly calls forth no loyalties . . .
    I think the President has won a large part of the Viet namese debate in the
    past merely by naming teams. When it's the Silent Majority versus the Loud-
    Mouthed Militants, the Silent Ma jority wins every time . . * Increase
    Dovish Appeal " . . . In addition to establishing a tone acceptable to
    Middle Ameri ca, renaming the teams, and de stroying Presidential myths, the
    peace leadership should use the media to make becoming a dove more
    psychologically attractive to Middle Americans .Prior emphasis on the moral
    aspect of the war has m o r e m o r e m o r e m o r e m o e ment that the
    first psychological step toward an anti-war position has of necessity been
    the admission that the United States is somehow evil. To the extent that we
    in the peace movement have played down the pragmatic arguments for peace, we
    have weakened our case--and lessened our chances of ending the war. It is in
    no way inconsistent with our moral opposition to the war to lay much greater
    stress than most of us have as yet on the great practical benefits of peace.
    "This new peace leadership should be composed of Senators, Congressmen,
    governors, mayors, businessmen -- all the straight people who are willing to
    make a firm and unequivocal commitment against the war. The spokesmen should
    be those most visible and most attractive to Middle America, those who can
    speak intelligently about the war with strength rather than condescension or
    aloofness. Strengthen Voice of Youth " . . .  If the focus of the peace
    Students seeking fellowship awards for 1971-72 will need the re-' suits of
    the examinations as early as possible.

Heading: Pre-Cana
Content: Couples who plan to marry in a Roman Catholic ceremony between now and spring
    1971 are invited to attend the Pre-Cana Conferences in the Sacred Heart
    Parish Hall, Lewisburg. They will be held No vember 1, 8, and 15 at 8:00
    p.m. People of other faiths are welcome to attend.

Heading: Burger Speaks
Content: Arthur Berger, Democratic can didate for U.S. House of Represen tatives, will
    speak on Vietnam and other contemporary issues Wednes day, October 7, at
    9:00 p.m. in Cole-

Heading: 'Politics of Peace
Content: 

Heading: 9
Content: movement could be shifted to the new and long-awaited leadership, young people
    would be far more ef fective politically. I don't think we have to hide who
    we are, or even what we say. We should merely recognize the fact that the
    political balance on the war is held by people with different life styles.
    Students could be a left, moral pres sure on the coat-and-tie leadership.
    Students could make it clear to Richard Nixon that THEY will write his
    history and that all wars are not heroic . . . <<. . . But the system"
    should not be applauded even if the war were to end tomorrow. For five
    years, it has provided no real way for people to express their views on a
    war which was presented to them as a test of manhood. The system provided no
    public debate over whether we should enter the war man 101B. The " Students
    for Peace"  are sponsoring the discus sion.

Heading: Upward Bound
Content: There will be a meeting for all University undergraduates interest ed in serving
    afs Upward Bound volunteers Thursday, October 8 at 7:00 p.m. in Coleman Hall
    103B. Tutoring sessions will begin Satur day, October 10 at 10:00 a.m.

Heading: Drug Lectures
Content: There will be a lecture on "The Legal Aspects of the Drug Prob lem"  Wednesday
    night, October 7, at 8:00 p.m. in Vaughan Lit Audi torium. All interested
    students are urged to attend this presentation given by three lawyers from
    the Lewisburg area. but instead permitted our leaders to involve us by
    stealth. This cri tical failure gave inertia to the pro pagation of the
    Vietnam war and sneaked the flag onto the battle field-leaving the peace
    movement at an enormous political disadvan tage. The system has provided
    poor information to voters and little active leadership for a position of
    obvious principle. " If the war is now ended by po litical action, as I
    believe it can be, some will undoubtedly argue that the system has
    vindicated it self. That argument, however, is self-deceiving; for in many
    crucial respects our system has already failed and requires radical recon
    struction. "But that is premature retrospec tion. If the war can be ended
    only with such self-delusion, we should end the war now and fight the de
    lusion later."

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: W A R D R O B E
Content: 

Heading: 234 Market Street.
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: (Continued from Page 2) 41,000,000 out of 120,000,000 register ed voters.
    Consider Eugene McCarthy and his supporting youth: It was largely the power
    of the youth that forced an incumbent President, in effect, to resign. And
    what then? Did you go on working? Did you apply your selves to the hard
    pragmatism of political power? Indeed not. You sulk off because you had been
    de- fsdtsd You have no power? Tell me, how many of you went to Woodstock?
    Nearly 460,000. What did you do there? What you really did was in dulge
    yourselves, en masse. What if, instead of an orgy of self-in dulgence, you
    had appeared 400,000 strong in a slum with scrub brushes and each with a
    bottle of one-a-day vitamins? What if you had joined one fawn eyed man named
    Cesar Chavez, picked the grapes and given the proceeds to his union? What if
    you

Heading: Buy Her A Pizza
Content: 

Heading: FOR HER BIRTHDAY
Content: 

Heading: Channels
Content: gathered to help the migrant workers in Florida? And if the giant citrus
    companies had refused to let you work, could they stand there naked in the
    light of your effort and in the bright eye of television? I think not. Why
    Woodstock and not Watts? How about facing up to the fact that what stands
    athwart man's chances for a better life is not tech nology, machines and the
    military industrial complex--it is man him self who stands there. It is you.
    Get the facts and forgo the rhet oric Stop confusing bloviation with the
    truth. And, remember, the building you bum will be your own.

Heading: COLE'S
Content: 

Heading: HARDWARE
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg. Po. 17837
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1284
Content: aaiaraiBigiaiaraiaraigraiEiEiaiai Small (12" ) Lge. (16" )

Heading: PLAIN
Content: 

Heading: $1.60
Content: 

Heading: $2.45
Content: 

Heading: WITH EXTRA CHEESE
Content: 

Heading: $1.80
Content: 

Heading: $2.80
Content: 

Heading: MEATBALL
Content: 

Heading: $1.80
Content: 

Heading: $2.80
Content: 

Heading: PEPPERONI
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: SAUSAGE
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: MUSHROOMS
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY'S AT 523
Content: 

Heading: -9251 TO PLACE ORDER.
Content: 

Heading: SASSAMAN'S MUSIC STORE
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: 104
Content: 

Heading: PIANOS --  COMBO ORGANS
Content: 

Heading: AMPLIFIERS -- GUITARS
Content: 

Heading: Other Stringed Instruments. Books and Most
Content: 

Heading: M usical Supplies
Content: 

Heading: PIANO TUNING SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: OPEN EVENINGS 4 TO 8 -- SATURDAYS 1 TO 8
Content: 

Heading: IT COULD HAPPEN TO YOU
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN CANNOT ALWAYS
Content: 

Heading: PUBLISH ALL THE "HAPPENINGS OF
Content: 

Heading: NOTE" IT RECEIVES. TO INSURE TOP
Content: 

Heading: PUBLICITY FOR YOUR EVENT,
Content: 

Heading: WHY NOT ADVERTISE!
Content: 

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: Watch Repairing & Engraving
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: : i

Heading: MAAAAAAAM
Content: OCTOBER 6, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: wM

Heading: Clie^% yttcfenelltan
Content: 

Heading: >>PO R TS
Content: 

Heading: Thundering Herd Flattens
Content: 

Heading: Gettysburg Bullets, 14 to 6
Content: 

Heading: Bisons Run Over Knights;
Content: 

Heading: Colgate Raiders Next Foe
Content: By KEN DOAK The young Bison soccermen won a big one Saturday, as they ripped
    Rutgers 3-0. BU dominated play throughout, as freshmen Phil Campbell and
    Richard Collins, and captain Glen Mars notched the scores. Lloyd Ryysylainen
    played a steady game in goal as he shutout the Scarlet Knights. The contest
    was barely a minute old when Campbell deflected the ball past goalie Erwin
    Goovaerts to put the Bisons out in front. They continued to apply the pres-
    sude, showing tremendous hustle and consistently beating Rutgers to the
    ball. As a result, Bucknell con trolled the play at midfield and set up
    several good shots. With 5:05 gone in the second period, Joe Steinmetz
    lofted an ac curate pass to Glen Mars, behind the Rutgers fullback, and Mars
    put the ball in the upper-right com er of the net for a 2-0 lead. Several
    minutes later, Collins bo oted one by the diving goalie for the contest's
    final goal. The second half, although produc ing no scoring, had its
    exciting mo ments. The Bisons consistently pressured the Rutgers defense,
    but could not find the net. The Knights had one point-blank shot, but mis
    sed wide to the left as Ryysylainen dove desperately for the ball. The
    statistics tell the story, as Bucknell outshot Rutgers 23-8 in this half,
    and 35-17 for the game. Goovaerts made 20 saves for the Knights, and
    Ryysylainen had 12. Coach Craig Reynolds was pleased with the hustle his
    squad displayed. He cited halfback Bob Reed, and fullbacks Tom Cronin and
    Mike Novak for their excellent work. Having defeated two strong op ponents
    already, the Bisons must be given an excellent chance of defending their MAC
    crown. They have another tough contest Satur day, playing at Colgate. The
    Herd figures to improve throughout the season, as the many young players
    develop. With only seven juniors and seniors on the roster the future is
    very bright. The Bison B Team also showed much potential, beating Rutgers
    4-2, as Mike Abemethy led the way with two goals. By ALAN GROCHAL Heavy
    rainstorms sent many people scurrying for the exits, but those who stayed
    saw the Bisons score two fourth period touchdowns to defeat Gettysbury 14-6
    for their first victory of the season. In front of a large Homecoming crowd,
    the Thundering Herd showed, for the second consecutive week, the ability to
    come from be hind. Trailing 6-0 throughout most of the game, the Bisons
    rallied for their first score after a blocked punt by tackle Gene Depew, mid
    way through the last quarter. Quarterback Howie Burke capped a short
    touchdown march with a seven yard pass play to flanker Paul Gilewicz. Dave
    Boyer's placement gave the Thundering Herd the lead for the first time all
    season. Any Gettysburg comeback hopes were quickly ended as Bullet half-

Heading: Baby Bisons Fall to Leopards;
Content: 

Heading: Frosh Gridmen Meet Big Red
Content: By JEFF QUINZER The Leopards of Lafayette con tinued their hex over the Bison
    frosh as they downed the Blues by a score of 27-14. The game was much closer
    than the final score would indicate however; only a Leopard touchdown in the
    final min utes staved off a Bison comeback attempt. The Thundering Herd
    registered the game's initial score. A blocked punt gave the Bisons good
    field po sition and they scored two plays later, on e short pass from Will
    Pike to flanker Bill Stein. The extra point attempt failed but we owned a
    quick 6-0 lead. The Bisons were not to score again though until the Leopards
    had tallied 3 times and rolled up a 20-6 lead. Two of the scores

Heading: BU Polomen Sink RPI;
Content: 

Heading: Winings Leads Scoring
Content: By MARK KNODERER The BU Water Polo Club put on one of the most explosive perform
    ances ever seen in Freas-Rooke natatorium last Saturday, as they crushed
    RPI, 26-2. The twenty-six goal set a Bison water polo scoring record,
    topping the 25 scored against Cathedral last year. There was just no
    stopping the club once the game began. After sputtering around for the first
    two minutes, the polomen broke out to a 5-0 lead after the first quarter. At
    half time the score was 10-0. In the third period the Fighting Engineers had
    a hard time keeping the ball out of their own net, as the Bisons poured in
    eleven more goals. In the final quarter, RPI was saved from a complete
    whitewash as they scored two belated goals. Leading the assult were freshman
    Steve Winings with six goals and Paul Landes with five. Dyke Ed wards had
    three goals, as did Peter O'Keeffe, while Dean Hunt, Duke Otto, and Buck
    McPhail had two apiece. Rob Worthen, Mike Huf fman, and Mark Delano had one
    apiece. Coach Russell places a great deal of emphasis on the short passing
    game, where an open man gets the ball quickly and shoots.

Heading: CAM PUS PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG INN
Content: Luncheon--12:00 to 2:00 Dinner 5:30 to 8:00 p.m. Sunday Dinner 12:00 to 2:30
    only --Early American Atmosphere-- 101 Market Street, Lewisburg, Pa.

Heading: CLOSED MONDAY
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: OCTOBER 6, 1970 Such tactics were not needed against RPI, as frequently three or
    four men broke free to participate in an unstoppable fast break. This
    weekend the team travels to Cornell for their first stiff com petition of
    the year. Providing the opposition will be Cornell, who fini shed fourth in
    the Easterns last year, Army, who finished third, and Villanova. BU, as the
    second place finisher, will be the team to beat. The tournament should see
    some excellent games. Last year the Bisons lost to Army, 18-12 and 23- 11,
    and beat them 13-10. The club also lost to Cornell, 15-12, before defeating
    the Big Red, 8-7.

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe, Legal (N.Y.) and Inexpen sive. Please call
    Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All in quiries confidential. NEED
    place for band to practice. Must have locked storage area for equipment.
    Will offer Vi-pric ed band party as payment. Call Win Win Free 524-3411.
    FREE KITTENS for good home. 568-5117. came on passes, although they com
    pleted only a total of four in the game. In the fourth quarter, the mo
    mentum switched to the Bisons. They drove upfield and scored as Pike again
    hit Stein with a scoring toss, this time good for 25 yards. The 2-point
    conversion was good as Joe Bering made a diving catch in the end zone to
    close the gap to 20- 14. When the Blues again got posses sion of the ball,
    they drove to in side the Lafayette 10 and had first and goal but the drive
    stalled. A fourth down from the one failed to put the ball across. The drive
    ended and with it went the chance for a tie and possible victory on the
    extra point. The Leopard's offense then took over and drove quickly for a
    touch down and extra point which put the game out of reach. Naturally, after
    such a tough loss there is little for a coach to say, but Coach Lane did
    have some ob servations to make. As he put it, " Lafayette has a fine
    football squad this year. We could tell by the game films that they were
    well drilled. Our boys stayed right in there and didn't give up. If we could
    have scored that one touch down, I think it would have chang ed the whole
    complexion of the game. We could have tied the score and with the extra
    point gone ahead. But instead we lost the ball and the momentum. We had a
    good passing game and outgained them in passing yardage 2-1, but we just
    couldn't stop their running game. It was just a tough gam e."

Heading: W HEN HUNGER STRIKES
Content: 

Heading: STRIKE BACK ! ! !
Content: 

Heading: CALL 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: tnjiiiHraiaraiErafgiiJBJEjaiHiajziB
Content: 

Heading: JOAN OF ART
Content: 

Heading: BEAUTY SALON
Content: 

Heading: 212 Market St.
Content: 

Heading: 523-4875
Content: 

Heading: gfflaraBizrazigfgjBiaizignjziin
Content: 

Heading: IMPORTANT NOTE:
Content: 

Heading: WRITE HOM E TODAY
Content: 

Heading: Write home today and tell your folks
Content: 

Heading: to subscribe to this year's award win
Content: 

Heading: ning BUCKNELLIAN as soon as possible.
Content: 

Heading: The deadline has been extended two
Content: 

Heading: weeks.
Content: back Barry Jacoby fumbled on the first play after the kickoff. C. B. Mansfield's
    recovery gave the Bisons the football on the Gettys burg 33. Running back
    Rick Diez sprinted around left end for 23 yards, and two plays later scored
    on a 7 yard burst over the left side. The con version made the score 14-6
    with only 4 Vi minutes remaining. Gettysburg made a spirited ef fort to
    score however, and moved the ball down to the Bison 16 before losing it on
    downs. The Bullets re gained the football once more deep in Bison territory,
    but time ran out before they could mount a threat. In the early stages of
    the game, the hundering Herd showed almost familiar inability to score from
    in close. Early in the second quar ter, they drove from their own 33 to
    inside the Gettysburg 10, only to be stalled on the 1. A fumble by Howie
    Burke on third down from the one was the key setback in the scoring op
    portunity. Throughout the first 3 periods, that drive was the Bisons' most
    serious scoring threat although a long touchdown run on an inter ception by
    Jim Cassidy was nul lified by an offside penalty. The only other Bison
    offensive highlight before the fourth period scores was a 37 yard run on a
    keeper by Howie Burke. Burke's run brought the ball to the Gettys burg 24,
    but the Herd failed to capatilize. Overall, the Bisons exhibited an
    impressive running game both out side and up the middle. They amas sed 200
    yards rushing as compared to only 71 for Gettysburg. Bison linebacker Tarras
    Onishenko has been sidelined for the past two games with a stubborn injury.
    Coach Fred Prender hopes his big linebacker will be ready for action against
    Davidson this Saturday. (photo by Bob Arnold) Individual running stars for
    the Thundering Herd were sophomore fullback Rick Diez with 87 yards and co-
    captain Don Giacomelli with 57 yards. The Bison passing attack was not quite
    up to par Saturday as Quarter backs Howie Burke and Greg Dov- iak combined
    to complete only 11 of 26 passes. Defensively, the Thundering Herd played
    well, as Gettysburg's 6 points will attest. After permit ting the Bullets to
    score the first time they had the football, the Bisons held them scoreless
    for nearly the next 55 minutes.

Heading: Penn State
Content: 

Heading: Texas, Ohio Roll
Content: A number of upsets this weekend will juggle the national football rat ings. Penn
    State's 29-16 loss to Wisconsin will drop the Nittany Lions far down the
    ladder. Other upsets this week were re gistered by Purdue with a 26-14
    victory over Stanford and Kansas State, who eked out a 21-20 win over
    previously unbeaten Colorado. Teaxs and Ohio State continued their drive for
    national recognition with strong victories while Notre Dame shut out
    Michigan State 29-0 for its second consecutive white wash. Air Force 37
    Colorado State 22 Arkansas St 24 Citadel 7 Auburn 33 Kentucky 15

Heading: C orsages -
Content: 

Heading: Stein's
Content: 

Heading: Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: Now delivers to all Residence Lounges
Content: 

Heading: ORDERS TAKEN:--  C oll GARY'S at 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: TO ORDER UNTIL 11:30 P. M.-- SUNDAY thru THURSDAY
Content: ------ WHATS PLAYING? ------

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: WEDNESDAY-THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY
Content: 

Heading: Jack Lemon
Content: 

Heading: Sandy Dennis
Content: 

Heading: "THE - OUT - OF - TOWNERS"
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY _ M O NDAY _ TUESDAY
Content: 

Heading: "PAINT
Content: 

Heading: YOUR
Content: 

Heading: WAGON
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: H u

Heading: #m
Content: Bucknell 14 Gettysburg 6 Cornell 41 Lehigh 14 Florida 14 N. Carolina St 6
    Grambling 57 Prarie View 6 Harvard 39 Rutgers 9 Illinois 27 Syracuse 0
    Kansas State 21 Colorado 20 <(# Lafayette 19 Drexel 14 Lebanon Valley 52
    Ursinus 13

Heading: LSU
Content: 31 Baylor 10 Michigan 14 Texas A&M 10 t . Mississippi 48 Alabama 23 Mississippi
    St. 7 Georgia 6 Missouri 40 Oklahoma St. 20 i ,,# North Carolina 53 Maryland
    20 Noare Dame 29 Michigan St. 0 Ohio State 34 Duke 10 Princeton 24 Columbia
    22 Purdue 26 Stanford 14 So. California 45 Oregon St. 13 pe

Heading: TCU
Content: 42 Arkansas 14 Temple 10 Boston U 7 Tennessee 48 Army 3 *' Texas 20 UCLA 17 vip
    Trinity 20 Davidson 6 West Virginia 16 Indiana 10 Wisconsin 29 Penn State 16
    Yale 39 Colgate 7

Heading: -T
Content: * ' life-

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 9
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. OCTOBER 9. 1970
Content: 

Heading: TEhe BuckntIlian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: AWS Changes Structure, Three-Fo|d Purpose
Content: 

Heading: Emphasizes New Function
Content: 

Heading: Pregnancy Clinic Opens;
Content: By LYNDA ROSCOE In a statement issued to The Bocknellian this week Ann (Stuie)
    Oliver, President of the Associated Women students has redefined the role of
    AWS in the University com munity. The statement emphasizes the de cision of
    the Senate to change from a governing body to one of schedul ing events
    aimed at the female pop ulation on Campus. In the past the AWS has been the
    sole governing body for women students, but with the advent of the no-hours
    policy and the adoption of a new judicial procedure for the University's
    student body, the duties were taken over by other univers ity structures.
    The text of the statement fol lows; " The members of AWS Senate have in the
    past year felt the need to re-examine the present structure and role of the
    Associated Women Students organization, in the ex tensive co-ed orientation
    now emerging. " With such a co-ed emphasis, however, it is thought that a
    need for a body to encourage women's interest in different areas, thereby
    enriching their college experiences, still exists. Creating a new-means of
    effectively serving these in terests now faces the present Sen ate. " A
    shift in emphasis from gov erning to programming is seen in

Heading: Dr. George Minard
Content: 

Heading: Dies of Hemorrhage
Content: Dr. George W. Minard, 55, pro fessor of chemical engineering at the University,
    died Wednesday evening in the Evangelical Com munity Hospital, Lewisburg,
    after becoming ill while conducting an oral examination at the University.
    Death was attributed to a cerebral hemorrage. A native of Chicago, Professor
    Minard received a bachelor of sci ence in chemical engineering de gree from
    the Armour Institute in Chicago and master of science and Ph.D. degrees in
    chemical engine ering from Ohio State University. Prior to joining the
    faculty as an associate professor in 1951 he served as an assistant
    professor at the University of Utah in 1943-44 and 1945-47 and as an
    assistant pro fessor at the University of Toronto from 1947 to 1951. Author
    of several scholarly papers, he was a member of Sigma Xi, national
    scientific society; the American Institute of Chemical En gineers. He is
    survived by his wife, the former Hertha Araed, two sons, Charles, Lewisburg,
    and George, a (Continued on Page 3) the new role of AWS. It will, there
    fore, be necessary to discover the needs and interests of the women students
    which a co-ed government may not be prompted to meet, and program
    accordingly. Any overlap- ing of programming effort with other campus
    organizations will be avoided and, at no time will AWS become a committee of
    ABS. " The AWS Constitution commit tee has recently initiated efforts to
    write a new constitution. The future role of the AWS will require a
    different platform of elected of ficial positions. The nature of such a
    platform, the means of election, elgibility requirements, and respon
    sibilities of its members are all questions which the new constitu tion will
    seek to resolve. The doc ument, if passed when presented to the women
    students, will go into effect next year." (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Doctor Offers Services
Content: By PAMELA MAY A clinic will be open to uni versity students to handle problems
    of birth control and pregnancy, be ginning October 13. Its purpose will be
    three-fold: 1. ) to administer pregnancy tests, 2. ) to provide counselling
    to girls for handling pregnancy and 3.) to help girls who have missed a
    period but are not pregenant. The clinic, located at 22 South 5th Street,
    will be open every Tues day and Thursday night from nine to eleven. It has
    been set up under the supervision of an accredited physician, Dr. Jack L.
    Fairweather. A registered nurse will always be on duty. All pregnancy tests
    will be given free of charge, although a two dol lar contribution is asked
    to defray the cose of the test kits. The test itself is extremely sim ple
    and, quite valid: it is reliable one month after conception, usu ally two
    weeks after the scheduled time of the menstrual period. Girls are advised to
    take the test as early as possible if in doubt. (M y  a urine sample is
    required. Abortion counselling will also be available to those who desire
    it. Gidls will find advice on all al ternatives to handling a pregnancy,
    i.e. keeping the child, putting it up for adoption, or obtaining an abor
    tion. Girls who have missed a period and are not pregnant will be refer red
    to another doctor for consulta tion. None of the counsellors or nurses will
    be paid.

Heading: Sponsors School Construction
Content: 

Heading: Raffle Supports Partnership Program
Content: By JUNE CAFFREY A " unique"  program of foreign aid is being sponsored by the
    junior class. The project, planned in cooperation with the Peace Corps, is
    called the School Part nership Program. It is designed to support school
    construction in de veloping countries in Africa, Latin America, the Near
    East and Asia. The Partnership works on a school-to-school basis whereby a
    school in the United States raises $1,000 to found a school in an emerging
    country. The money covers the cost of building materials; however, all
    construction is done by the people in the village. The project empha sizes
    the idea of self-help, a con cept basic to Peace Corps organi zation. In
    order to raise money for this University, a student raffle will be held.
    Tickets may be purchased in all dining halls and the library (from 161 p.m.,
    Monday thru Fri day, Oct. 22-30) for 50 cents apiece and five for $2.00.
    Prizes include a $50 gift certificate, a copymate (donated by toe
    Bookstore), and a meal for two at toe Lewisburg Inn. University
    organizations will be asked to contribute to toe cause. Tom Scurrah,
    chairman of the project, explained that a model of the " new"  school will
    be construct ed in the Bertrand Library, as a means of emphasizing that "
    buy ing a raffle ticket is the same as buying a brick." The school in toe
    village will be a means of cultural exchange; the village people will report
    on toe progress of its construction. Scurrah further stated, " The school
    will become toe center around which community life will revolve." Winners of
    toe raffle will be an- nounced Friday night, October 30, at a coffee house
    sponsored by the junior class in Swartz Lounge. Any extra money recognized
    through this project will be donated to the World University Service, a non
    governmental organization with the same aims as toe School Partner ship
    Program. The anonymity one expects in a doctor's office will also be main
    tained at toe clinic. Parents will not be contacted; age makes no
    difference, according to organizer Jeff Sengstack. The opening of toe clinic
    is furth er evidence of toe visible progress of the Student Information
    Service Committee. Spokesman Sengstack noted, " In the beginning, doctors
    were willing to help, but unwilling to commit themselves because they
    thought nothing would happen."  Yet toe service has already proved its use
    fulness in eliding several students according to Sengstack. Sengstack adds,
    " Dr. Fairweather is an ex tremely busy phisician and cannot take too many
    more patients. How ever, he is talking to other doctors in toe area for
    further help." The information office now has a physical location in toe
    back room of the Bison, adjacent to theL'Agen da office. It will have a
    listed telephone number, not yet determined, to be used during toe day for
    advice and personal references concerning birth control, problem pregnancies
    and venereal disease. It will also serve as a general information center
    providing all the news students may desire concern- in what's happening on-
    or-off-cam- pus, and drug information--includ- (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Dr. Powers Discusses
Content: 

Heading: Theatrical Technique
Content: By DAVID HAMMER The following interview is the first of a two-part series with
    Harvey M. Powers, associate pro fessor of English and director of the
    University theatre. This week, Mr. Powers discusses the difficul ties in
    casting a play, toe experi ence he feds a critic must harve in

Heading: Intercollegiate Tournament Ahead
Content: 

Heading: Debaters Reorganize After Year of Inactivity
Content: By LINDA CAPUTO The Intercollegiate Debating So ciety has undergone a period of
    re organization and has resinned its former position as a University
    supported activity. This Society, which remained in active last year, has
    been re-estab lished as an extracurricular acti vity as a result of student
    interest. The objective of this program is to provide the opportunity of in-

Heading: Clarification
Content: A great deal of reaction has resulted from an article which ap peared in the
    last issue of The Bucknellian (Tuesday, Oct. 6) con cerning several
    incidents of violence or near-violence on and around the University campus.
    The Bucknellian staff feels it necessary to make a few corrections in toe
    article and to clear up some of the misunderstanding which seems to have
    resulted from it. Because of toe wording of the article, toe impression was
    given that Thomas J. Risch Dean of Men was responsible for all of the
    information related in the story. Although much of it is taken from an
    interview with him, some details were obtained from other sources. In
    addition, there appears to have been a misunderstand ing between the
    reporters and the Dean concerning the complete ness and finality of the
    information, and therefore, the appropriate ness of publication at toe time.
    _ The article seems also to imply that it is impossible to take any action
    against these types of offenses or against offenders involved. This is not
    true. There are difficulties involved sometimes due to the injured
    individual's understnadable hesitancy to formally pursue a matter for
    various reasons. But there are actions the University can take. terested
    students to become in volved in competitive events out side of athletics.
    Membership in this newly struc tured coed organization is open to any
    interested student. Past debate experience is not required for ac tive
    participation. This year's debate topic deals with the following issue:
    whether toe Federal government should or should not adopt a program of com
    pulsive wage and price controls. In addition to this selected issue, other
    intercollegiate debates will be scheduled on various topics of general
    interest. In addition to ac tual intercollegiate debating, indi vidual
    speech events, such as ora tory, individual and extemporan eous speeches,
    will be scheduled. Another aspect of toe Society, its organization, allows
    students to act as research assistants, publicity members, and clerical
    aides. Therefore, this program is gear ed to issues beyond the scope of the
    selected topic and operates on several levels, intercollegiate and
    collegiate. According to Steve Valenti, act ing student director, " by
    partici pating in this organization, one can extend his knowledge in various
    areas, one can strengthen his ability to think logically in develop ing an
    argument, and one can de velop ease and self-confidence in public speaking."
    The Society will hold weekly meetings on Tuesday evening at 7:00 p.m. in
    Vaughan Lit. Rm. 203. Professor Frank W. Merritt and Mrs. Mary J. Spaid are
    faculty sponsors. Professor Merritt has served as the advisor for toe De
    bating Society for more than twenty years.

Heading: Students Planning
Content: 

Heading: Peaceful Protest
Content: By JENNY CHEN

Heading: A
Content: peaceful protest movement against military recruitment is planned for next
    Wednesday when an U.S. Army official will be on campus. The group which is
    raising ob jections will locate themselves out side of Carnegie Building
    with signs and buttons hoping to thwart some response to the recruitment
    program. At an organizational meeting earlier this week, sophomore Gradie
    Frederick said, "We will (Continued on Page 3) toe theatre and, among other
    topics, his own experience in the theatrical medium, both as an actor and
    director. And it is with this subject that the interview opens. * * *
    BUCKNELLIAN: I have seen yon perform at least once as an actor. How many
    times have you per formed on this University's stage and, if it came between
    acting and directing, which would you prefer? POWERS: I acted last year in
    The Rimers of Eldritch, and toe last time I acted prior to that was in
    Krapp's Last Tape in 1961. If I had to choose between the two, I suppose I
    would choose di recting because I recognize my limitations as an actor.
    While I enjoy acting very much, I feel I can make more of a contribution to
    the work in toe theatre through directing. B: Have you ever directed your
    self in a production? P : Yes, in Krapp's Last Tape. That was one man and a
    tape re corder-- B: It must be difficult obtaining an objective viewpoint as
    an actor- director. How did you go about di recting yourself in that play? P
    : Not very successfully. Serious ly, I think if I were to do anything of
    that sort now, I would have re hearsals videotaped, and then watch them. At
    the time of Last Tape, I simply had to rely upon toe judgment of a few close
    friends-- students and faculty colleagues who would come in, watch,
    criticize and make suggestions. B: Did you feel at any time that you were
    objective enough to over rule any of their criticisms? P : Their criticisms
    weren't really of the nature that I would need to override them. They could
    see what I was trying to do; what they were trying to do was to judge
    (Continued on Page 4) 11 p s ~i'r'U WM

Heading: WEEE
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: i!^ i AE
Content: 

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: AWS !s Useless
Content: 

Heading: Although the Men's Coordinating
Content: 

Heading: Council has dissolved itself, the Associ
Content: 

Heading: ated Women's Students continues to
Content: 

Heading: exist, groping to find a new role for it-
Content: 

Heading: AWS is revamping its Constitu
Content: 

Heading: tion so that it may become a program
Content: 

Heading: ming organization which will bring
Content: 

Heading: speakers to campus, sponsor a bus trip
Content: 

Heading: to New York, and hold other activities
Content: 

Heading: primarily directed towards women. In
Content: 

Heading: addition, AWS plans to retain control
Content: 

Heading: of freshman women's hours.
Content: 

Heading: AWS is thus following the lead of
Content: 

Heading: two of its own committees --  Challenge
Content: 

Heading: committee (handles lectures) and In
Content: 

Heading: digo (sponsors Student-Faculty picnic).
Content: 

Heading: Could not these activities be better
Content: 

Heading: handled by one organization, namely the
Content: 

Heading: ABS?
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: The
Content: Bucknellian

Heading: has already ac
Content: 

Heading: knowledged the absurdity of women s
Content: 

Heading: hours. We further feel that it should
Content: 

Heading: be the right of dorm councils, and not
Content: 

Heading: the moralistic AWS, to set dorm visita
Content: 

Heading: tion policies for their own residence
Content: 

Heading: halls.
Content: 

Heading: From a budgetary standpoint, AWS
Content: 

Heading: is allotted one dollar per woman student
Content: 

Heading: per semester. Eighteen hundred dollars
Content: 

Heading: per year is an excessive amount for an
Content: 

Heading: organization which has to go out of its
Content: 

Heading: way to find a role for itself within the
Content: 

Heading: University community.
Content: 

Heading: AWS stands as an anachronism to
Content: 

Heading: the recent movements toward stream
Content: 

Heading: lining campus government and uniting
Content: 

Heading: the campus into a community.
Content: 

Heading: We call on the AWS to disband. If
Content: 

Heading: failing to do so, the ABS should hold a
Content: 

Heading: referendum among women students who
Content: 

Heading: would then, in fact, decide the fate of
Content: 

Heading: such a provincial organization.
Content: 

Heading: FEEDBACK: Vance
Content: By HEPDY MATTHIAS Well, I guess the time has come to tell of my summer
    experiences, for they seem to take on more meaning with each passing edition
    of The Bucknellian and its attending inculcations of, " Come on, you peace
    faggots of the Cambodian vintage. Get off your asses and do something." The
    arguments range from doing nothing (or the inability to do anything) to
    explicit direc tions for working on the November campagins. The arguments
    are old, and yet we seem to be inevitably caught between optimism and pes
    simism. The June escapade was in itself a manifesto to me. I had been torn
    to inaction because of the enigmas. I could not say to my elders that I had
    tried and failed, or even if the ability to answer this question one way or
    another wasa valid re flection upon the problem. Ivy !League vintage and
    class.. Op erating expenses alone came to about $20,000 for the first month.

Heading: D. C.
Content: Nevertheless, I packed my bags, left the lucrative offerings of my summer job
    far 'behind, and tramp led into Washington, D.C. But I took with me a
    special framework: I was trying to ascertain not if the "system" would work,
    but if look ing upon the solution of the prob lem in this yes-or-no manner
    was even the correct perspective. I bedded myself down into a two- room
    apartment with three other girls and proceeded to study just what the
    Washington Summer Cru sade was about, and what the Washington Peace People
    were about. Upon arriving,

Heading: I
Content: immediately nestled myself into a nice, cozy, legitimate - looking organization
    <<ailed "Project Pursestrings."  The " new" citizens' lobby was com posed of
    late-twenty-yr. old law and graduate school workers: Sam Brown; Greorgy B.
    Craig (my boss confidante) of the famed Agnew- Frost Show; Jim Johnson, the
    super-boy of Princeton fame; Mar tha McCahill of the Lindsey-type Ripon
    Society (liberal Republi cans); Tony Podesta (Rev. Duffy's #rampaign manager
    in the Conn. Senate race); and a staff of about fifty able well-established
    bodies of What we did You might now be wondering just exactly what we did. I
    wish that I could adequately tell you. When people asked us this question we
    answered, "We are working on The Amendment to End the War." But I'm not sure
    exactly what we were doing or did do. Greg spent his whole summer raising
    money (vast amounts to me) in order to run the lobbying campaign. His
    travels took him across the country, and into many strange beds. Most of
    all, he de tested his job in the organization, ami constantly felt like a PR
    man, which he was. He raised around $50,000, a dirty $50,000, I think. I
    can't divulge the exact sources, but many dollars came from officials and
    diplomats that got us into the vortx of the cold war to begin with. Dirty
    money, reparations and offerings to the gods for forgiveness. Their money
    they donated, rather than their public word, a word which would have carried
    far more weight. But no, they remained si lent in their guilt, and slipped
    the penance under the table. Enough of this. The operation was a long way
    from an ad-hoc crusade. These Ivy Leagers have been in the game a long time;
    connections with the lower " powers-that-be" are'old and well-established.
    We worked with the offices of the peace Senators, organizing ad campaigns in
    swing states, etc., applying silent and overt pressure on men of " power."
    We had strategic meetings every day to keep caught up on the hap penings on
    the Hill, briefings from legislative assistants, and planning sessions. The
    organization began slowly (or perhaps by its own birth) to resemble its
    adversary. There were ruling cliques, power plays, coups d'etat, snobbery,
    and elitism. The (growth was almost impercept- able, and yet evident. We
    began the old "means-justify-the-ends" game. I talked to many of the workers
    regarding the evolution of means employed. Perhaps I was right when I hinted
    that these structures of ruling came part-dn- parcel with the founders. Yes
    for some, no for others; but a seem ingly overwhelming majority of yeses.

Heading: V w u
Content: 

Heading: i t <<
Content: 

Heading: GOOD AFTERNOON,
Content: * SIR--  WWIBE _ _  ^ \  OF ANY ASSISTANCE? Hi {?s.**ss7e usuai 1 I: ) SUMAMOS
    flRJSOnSREQSV(r) L Atm. mmmMm

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: Course Guide
Content: Our Leaders I'm afraid that I have little good to say for our great peace Sena
    tors & Represenatives themselves. I met many personally during the summer.
    Of these, I can note only two that struck a common chord with me. Allard K.
    Lowenstein, from Long Island, seems honest, idealistic, and absolutely mad.
    Senator Eugene McCarthy provides a living example, to me, of what it's all
    about, for he shall resign this fall to write and read books about Camus and
    other related sub jects. I believe that Senator George McGovern (feed-the-
    babes McGov ern) is an absolute prick. The con firmation came with his name
    on the top of the list requesting Nixon to waste no time in sending arms to
    Israel. He seems to be running his hopes for the 1972 election on his
    Vietnam followers. The war is not an end in itself, but a means to a career.
    They are all frauds, and they come In toto with one's first acceptance of
    the " system." I guess it comes down to the plain, horrible truth of the dis
    tribution of power; either " for" you or " against" you. Washington equals
    power. Political careers as certain that power by scrambling and squeaking
    and scratching. It's not inherent in the men themselves, but in the
    relationships that they must have with each other. So I guess if one is
    willing to have one's relationship with other men defined by power (slavery,
    subservience, ect.) then Washing ton (and Harrisburg, Albany, et. al.) is
    the correct place to have as a focus this November. To the Editor: I would
    like to address an open letter to Charles A. Mussman, Edi tor of the
    Bucknell Course Guide. Apropos your recent appeal for recommendations and
    opinions con cerning the Bucknell Course Guide and professor and course
    evalua tion generally, let me say that while I agree with your belief, ex
    pressed in your letter of September 20, that clearer and fuller descrip
    tions of courses should be available to students, including a list of read
    ings and some hints regarding writ ten and oral assignments, I am
    nevertheless convinced that such abstractions can never be wholly
    satisfactory. Furthermore a method of evalua tion such as that used for the
    Buck nell Course Guide has proven woe- fuddy inadequate, resulting, accord
    ing to the opinion of many, in what could only be regarded as gross
    misrepresentations of many cour ses. Polling the class membership and
    abstracting a majority or average opinion can never produce an evaluation
    useful to all students, particularly not to the best stu dents The surest
    guides to a given pro fessor and course appear still to be die traditional
    ones: recommenta tions of fellow students and pre registration interviews
    with the in structor. These, to be sure, are not fool proof, but in the case
    of the former one has, after all, an estimate of the intelligence and taste
    of one's friends and can thus weigh their recommendations; and by recourse
    to the latter one diminishes the risk of surprise and disappointment at
    expecting a reputedly amiable Dok- tor Faust and finding instead a cynical
    and mocking Mephisto. William G. Holzberger to our university when we allow
    such hypocrites to become our lead ers?

Heading: I
Content: urge that this service be boycotted by the student body until such time as both
    its head and the Abortion Referral Service are re moved. Koenraad Vandegaer
    '74

Heading: fSlnckneUian
Content: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING T H I BUCKNELL COMMUNITY Established 1887.
    Published twice w<<*Uy <lu|^ toe c^ e <<e  y w . Itonber of Associated
    Collegiate Press. Annual subscription, *7 00 paysble m ad vanceK itered as
    iecond clan matter on September 21. 1822, at the post ffiS f et l^ triu g g
    . Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: RTT.T. LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: -.awa-tsya s r  ^,'tSAsSsW ?<<."!^:
Content: only o f this author>>. O ffice: Fochi Prlntlno C o- * >>  * ^ > " *

Heading: SST1, "*'4"
Content: Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: OCTOBER 9, 1970
Content: The Answer It seems that at this time the correct question to ask is not " Can
    it work?" , but rather, " Do we even want to verify its very existence by
    asking the first question?" Reformers will live, work, and die, but
    prepetrate exactly that which needs to change. Of course, I haven't THE
    answer. But I do know now that there is absolutely nothing worth " saving"
    or work ing for in a system which defines men and their relationships to
    themselves and each other as ours seems to do, with its peculiar em phasis
    on screwing before you get screwed. On the other hand, I think it unfair of
    Rick Vance (and also evidence of hisown guilt, paranoia, and inability to
    act) to chastize freaks for being hypocritical. I do not know exactly (or
    even close to exactly) what to do now. But the first thing I think I must do
    is not to recognize the validity of the existing "reality."  And unfort
    unately (for you, Mr. Vance), tins first " positive"  negation of " real
    ity"  as a non-reality appears as no action at all. Ride, I belive you to be
    wrong. Struggling for meaning, I remain peacefully, Heddy Matthias

Heading: Murder
Content: 

Heading: UC
Content: To the Editor: The primary concern of the Uni versity Committee on Dining Halls
    should not be the question of inter mixing freshmen Mid upper classmen, but
    rather the alleviation of the severe overcrowding of the cafeterias.
    Symptoms of this overcrowding include the unplesantly noisy, include the
    unpleasantly of U.C., the waits of twenty minutes or more to be served, and
    the long, often chilly, lines extending out the doors of Larison and U.C. A
    solution to the problem would be the extension of lunch and din ner hours
    fifteen minutes on each end of the present hours. For ex ample, Monday-
    Friday lunch would be served from 11:30-12:45. One excuse for not
    implementing this plan would be the cry lack of funds for the extra labor
    required. I see two possible sources of re venue. First, unnecessary
    personnel, such as U.C.'s "bread lady"  should be eliminated. Secondly,
    Bucknell over-accepted 150 freshmen. These students have paid for board, and
    part of this board money was allocated for labor. I have not noticed any sig
    nificant increase (if there has been any increase at all) in the number of
    cafeteria staff members, so this money should still foe available for
    overtime for the existing staff. I recommend implementation of this plan
    immediately, as current conditions make eating at the Uni versity Dining
    Halls something less than a culinary delight. Sandy Fishel To the Editor:
    There can be heard at this time a multitude of pleas for humanity. Protests
    against the war in Vietnam can be heard from everywhere. People are
    constantly shocked by stories of babies burning in napalm fire and dying in
    massacres. Mean while even more shocking events are occurring at home. On
    our campuses a service is being set up from which a girl can get informa
    tion on how to obtain an abortion at a reasonable price. This service
    carries out a program of death even more ruthless than that of the
    underworld's Murder Inc. since it is aimed at the defenseless fetus. This
    service puts a black mark on a basically good organization the Crisis
    Intervention and Birth Con trol Information Service. The head of the
    service, also president of the senior class, tosses off such phrases as, " I
    helped a, girl an abortion to day" with as little emotion as say ing he
    helped her with her home work. Yet this person would de nounce the
    accidental killing of babies during warfare as inhumane. Murder is murder no
    matter what it is called. From the moment of conception a human being is cre
    ated and has all the rights of the already born. What has happened

Heading: ' (
Content: 

Heading: SSs
Content: 

Heading: W '
Content: life again the news another sun eclipsed to dark so soon. she tried to
    concentrate her and did--until the end. perhaps her visions *were enough to
    make the end worthwhile and maybe, in the final breath she hailed it with a
    smile . . . but we, in losing now her light have lost another sun. and in a
    world of dark and ice have savored every one -- it's wasteful -- sam is sad.

Heading: Peace Candidate Emphasizes
Content: 

Heading: Nation's Economic Recession
Content: By JAN WILLIAMS This Saturday the Student Move ment for Peace is sending a group
    of students to Camp Hills, Penn sylvania to campaign for Arthur Berger,
    Democratic candidate for congress from the Nineteenth Con gressional
    District. The movement has chosen to ex pend its primary effort in the sup
    port of Berger. He is also supported by the Movement for a New Con gress &
    Referendum '70. All students interested in going should meet in New Dorm at
    8:45 a.m. Saturday morning. Various similar trips will occur during the next
    few weeks. Berger addressed a group of stu dents here Wednesday night in re
    gards to his campaign. He spoke briefly about his basic policies and
    beliefs, and then fielded questions from the audience. Over-spending in the
    nation's military programs and the result ing economic recession are the pri
    mary issues on which he is basing has campaign. He feels that neither of
    these problems are going to be solved until we are out of Vietnam. Once we
    are out of Vietnam, the first job to be done is to "dismantle the third-
    largest country in the world: the U.S. pentagon." On the issue of the war
    itself, Berger resents the insincerity of President Nixon in trying to get
    us out of Vietnam. He feels that it would be just as easy to leave now

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: (Continued from Page 1) Recent changes in the present constitution will be voted
    on shortly by all women students. During this year, AWS will operate with
    the re vised constitution and its present membership, as both a regulating
    and programming body. During the past two weeks, Sen ate members have
    visited fresh men women's hallgroups to ac quaint them with AWS, past, pres
    ent and future. The AWS Senate within the past month has developed a series
    of programs for the coming year. Thursday, Nov. 5, a one-day bus excursion
    to New York City will be sponsored for any wonman student interested in
    shopping, touring, theatre going, etc. The student's time will be her own.
    The transportation cost is $5 and a maximum of 41 students can be
    accomodated. A second trip for the following Thursday, Nov. 12, will be con
    sidered if interest is as great as expected. The time and place for sign-ups
    will be announced shortly. Plans are underway for WOT Weekend, Women of
    Today, to be sponsored by the AWS chapters of Susquehanna, Bloomsburg, Lycom
    ing, and this University. A series of speakers will deal with the problems
    women face in society and with opportunities for women after graduation.
    Other projects include a typing and shorthand class and the Fresh men
    Women's Sex Lecture to be presented this Sunday at 2:00 p.m. Also, a
    reference booklet will be compiled of the majors, present jobs, and salary
    ranges of women who have graduated from the Uni versity in the past three
    years.

Heading: Military
Content: (Continued from Page 1) not be blocking the exit or entrance with people. It's
    only a peaceful movement . . . standing there as a protest." A suggestion
    was brought up by Frederick for protestors to sign up to talk with the
    recruiter in hopes of delaying actual recruitment. An other idea which will
    develop along with peaceful demonstration is a debate to be started out in
    front of Carnegie Building during the day. In this way, interested
    participants and bystanders can make their opinion known, pro or con. At the
    meeting, Frederick com mented, " I'm just frustrated, not only because of
    the military, but also I'm upset with a lot of things both inside and
    outside."  About the movement, he said, "It's only one thing I can do now. I
    can see stu dents doing a lot more."  He went on in retort to a question
    raised against the group's objectives, " I would like to see change. We need

Heading: Minard
Content: 

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: as it will bein several years. Another of the important issues that Berger
    emphasizes was that "we are having constitutional crisis without realizing
    it." Two problems point this out, ac cording to Berger, the Cambodian
    invasion last spring raises the serious questions of who is really running
    the country and making the important decisions. The frustrating slowness of
    the workings of Congress is the second problem. If elected, Berger plans to
    join those Congressmen who are trying to eliminate the seniority system from
    Congressional proce- dlre. On foreign policy, Berger stated that the United
    States definitely learned something in the Middle East situation: that we
    don't have to send troops into every troubled area to preserve world peace.
    How ever, our basic foreign policy trends definitly needs a revision. Now,
    according to Berger, we have no workable foreign policy rules. Berger is a
    Democrat running in a historically Republican dis trict. His opponent is 74
    year old incumbent George Goodling. Ac cording to Berger, "Goodling is an
    old-school politician, and completly out of touch with American poli tics."
    Finally, despite his liberal lean ings, Berger stressed that he is
    definitely a flag waver. He be lieves that our tradition of freedom is very
    meaningful, " one of those sacred things." It was also announced that stu
    dents will be collecting money for the Congressional Action Fund in the
    dorms this week. All donors will also be requested to vote for a candidate
    that they would like to see supported by this fund.

Heading: Innovations
Content: Academic Innovations Committee (of A.B.S.) has openings for fresh men interested
    in the process of making education happen. For in formation contact Karl
    Fritz, 1878 or at Box B 168.

Heading: Law
Content: 

Heading: Workship
Content: Professor William Wilks, Dickin son School of Law will be on cam pus October 13,
    at 3:30 p.m. room 206A Coleman Hall to visit with students interested in law
    school.

Heading: Mini-plan
Content: " Bucknell In Russia"  a 35-minute color movie with sound produced by the
    program in Russian here will be shown Thursday night at 7:30 in 102-A
    Coleman. The film de picts the activities of the 1970 Jan uary cultural tour
    of Russia. After the showing there will be a discussion of this January's
    tour. Anyone who is interested in the tour but cannot make the meeting
    should contact Prof. Beard in Cole man B-210-D.

Heading: Black Studies
Content: There will be an all-campus meet ing Monday, Oct. 12, at 3:30 p.m. in 102A
    Coleman Hall, concerning the urgent need for concrete de velopments in the
    field of Black Studies. The members of the two Black Studies committees
    shall be there to answer questions concern ing the progress and problems of
    the Black Studies debate.

Heading: ABS
Content: 

Heading: Notes
Content: Any freshman or off-campus stu dent interested in running for ABS Living Unit
    Representative should submit his or her name and dorm to Craig Eby B-17 or
    1535 by Wed. Oct. 14. Positions are now open for the new University
    Committee On Stu dent Conduct. Members of this com mittee will have the "
    authority and responsibility to adjudiciate student violations of University
    conduct regulations." If interested in such a position - obtain interest
    sheets from the Dean of Student Affairs Office. Deadline for interest sheets
    is 3 p.m. Wednesday October 14. If interested plan to attend the ABS meeting
    at 7:30 p.m. in 102A Coleman next Wednesday also.

Heading: Information Center
Content: (Continued from Page 1) senior here, and a sister, Helen, in Chicago. Funeral
    services will be at the convenience of the family, and the family has asked
    that in lieu of flowers donations be made in Dr. Minard's memory to the
    cardiac unit of the Evangelical Community Hospital or Geisinger Medical Cen
    ter in Danville. (Continued from Page 1) ing effects of specific drugs,
    which are physically or psychologically addictive, and how to determine an
    overdose. From midnight to 6 a.m. a hot line office will be in operation in
    the front storage room of the Bison, complete with telephone, bed and
    coffee. This is a " crisis intervention ser vice."  A caller may remain
    anony mous, and seek help for any im mediate crisis. Potential suicides may
    find aid, or a person on a bad trip may be brought down to change the trip
    to a good one. At least two people will be on duty at all times: one to
    answer the telephone and another for em ergencies. Currently twenty-eight
    people are being trained. The physical plant has already begun work on the
    telephone line, and the telephone company is also taking action. A number
    will be published shortly and, according to Sengstack, " The service should
    be in total operation in two weeks." . The SAE providence workshop scheduled
    lor Saturday morning from 10 a.m. to noon is open to anyone interested in
    discussing fra ternity topics with national officers.

Heading: Fellowship
Content: Anyone interested in more infor mation on the New York City Ur ban Fellowship
    program contact Dave Laicy or Sue Preston.

Heading: Pre-Cana
Content: Couples who plan to marry in a Roman Catholic ceremony between now and spring
    1971 are invited to attend the Pre-Cana Conferences in the Sacred Heart
    Parish Hall, Lewisburg. They will be held No vember 1, 8, and 15 at 8:00
    p.m. People of other faiths are welcome to attend. "By doubting w e come to
    questioning, and by ques tioning w e perceive the Truth." -- Abelard

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 11:00 A .M .

Heading: SUNDAY
Content: 

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Friday, October 9 8:00 p.m. Hilltop: " Dreams That Money Can Buy" Vuaghan Lit.
    Aud. | 9:00 p.m. Classes of 1972 and 1973 Coffeehouse Larison Lounge I
    Saturday, October 10 8:00 a.m. Graduate School Foreign Language Test Visual
    Aids Aud. 8:00 a.m. National Security Agency Examination Carnegie Bldg. 208
    , Sunday, October 11 10:30 p.m. Chapel: Prof. E. William Muehl Rooke Chapel
    Succah Building Party Rear of Rooke Chapel ; AWS Lecture for Freshmen Women
    Hunt Formal Living Room Catholic Mass Rooke Chapel I Monday, October 12 , _
    . ! 7:00 p.m. Family Swim Nite Freas-Rooke Pool I 8:00 p.m. English Dept.
    Film: " The Passion of Joan of Arc" Vaughan Lit. Aud. | 10:00 p.m.
    Association for Research and Enlightenment Coleman Hall 214B j Tuesday,
    October 13 . j 12-30 p.m. Contact Lecture: Pr. John Peeler: "Peace and
    Justice in The Middle East" New Dorm Lounge Catholic Mass Rooke Chapel
    Intercollegiate Debate Society Vaughan Lit. 203 ; Placement Bureau Meeting
    For Seniors Vaughan Lit. Aud. ) Securities and Investment Lecture Coleman
    Hall 102A i Christian Science Organization Vaughan Lit. 214 j History of
    Mathematics Film Series: "Measure and Set j Theory- Olin Science Aud. 1:30
    p.m. 2:00 p.m. 4:00 p.m. 4:45 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m.
    8:00 p.m.

Heading: <<
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: | Now delivers to all Residence Lounges
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: ORDERS TAKEN:--  Call GARY'S at 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: TO ORDER UNTIL 11:30 P. M.-- SUNDAY
Content: thru

Heading: THURSDAY
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: SASSAMAN'S MUSIC STORE
Content: 3 Miles South of Mifflinburg --  On Route 104

Heading: PHONE MIFFLINBURG 966-0834
Content: 

Heading: PIANOS --  COMBO ORGANS
Content: 

Heading: AMPUFIERS
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: GUITARS
Content: 

Heading: Other Stringed Instruments. Books and Most
Content: 

Heading: Musical Supplies
Content: 

Heading: PIANO TUNING SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: OPEN EVENINGS 4 TO 8 --  SATURDAYS 1 TO 8
Content: 

Heading: You've got the world on
Content: 

Heading: a string in a Woolrich
Content: 

Heading: Fringed Vest.
Content: Cuts you loose from the crowd with thong closure and a turn-on assortment of
    plaids or solids. Puts new life into body shirts. See if your world doesn't
    wear a lot better. Men's sizes: XS,S,M,L. About $15. Prep's 12 to 20. About
    $12.

Heading: #w a k
Content: 

Heading: Featured at:
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: ;
Content: 

Heading: W. L
Content: 

Heading: DONEHOWERS
Content: 

Heading: LEVINSONS MEN'S & BOYS CLOTHING
Content: OCTOBER 9, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: h ih h h m i ?SSK

Heading: AE
Content: e # mmmmmmmmmmmh << #I h h i

Heading: H
Content: bhmhbhhhbhnbmmh y

Heading: *y ri/
Content: 

Heading: to Remember' . .
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: Reviews Are One Man's Opinion
Content: 

Heading: Power's Interview Relates Role of Theatrical Critics
Content: (Continued from Page 1) the success of my efforts within a framework of what I
    was trying to do, rather than criticize the framework itself. B: Concerning
    casting here, when someone tries out for a part, and has had no experience
    on this stage, does not competition from those experienced performers natu
    rally bias the director against the novice, for the sake of the produc tion?
    P: For anything that I am direct ing myself, I like to think that I'm
    choosing the best person that I can find in tryouts. Now, of course, this
    gets to be a touchy question because tryouts are approximately 25% skill on
    the part of the direct or, dn assessing tryouts, and 75% hunch. Within that
    75% hunch, there may reside bias in favor of someone whose work you .
    already #know, although I usually try to rule out that sort of bias-- B:
    How? P : One way is by conciously look ing for new faces. In other words, I
    don't think the theatre should be inbred at this University or any where,
    for that matter; we shouldn't see the same faces over and over again.
    Needless to say, there's a limited amount of talent in any community, and
    that talent is going to rise to the top and is going to be seen over and
    over again. But, if there's any possibility of finding new talent, this is
    what I find exciting. Also, I try to keep in mind, as a faculty member, that
    we simply can't make such heavy demands on a few people's time to cast them
    repeatedly. B: On another line of question ing, how do other productions of
    a play influence a director in his own production? P: One of the first
    things that a director must do as soon as he be gins to work on a play is
    put out of mind all previous performances that he's seen of a play; in fact,
    some directors even try to avoid

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: authorized dealers of Keepsake diamonds
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market St.
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: 5 #m J m \

Heading: When you know
Content: 

Heading: it's for keeps
Content: 

Heading: Happily, all your special moments together will be
Content: 

Heading: symbolized forever by your engagement and
Content: 

Heading: wedding rings. If the name, Keepsake is in the
Content: 

Heading: ring and on the tag, you are assured of fine quality
Content: 

Heading: and lasting satisfaction. The engagement
Content: 

Heading: diamond is flawless, of superb color, and precise
Content: 

Heading: cut. Your Keepsake Jeweler has a selection of
Content: 

Heading: many lovely styles. He's in the yellow
Content: 

Heading: pages under "Jewelers."
Content: 

Heading: K
Content: 

Heading: e
Content: 

Heading: e
Content: 

Heading: p
Content: 

Heading: s a
Content: 

Heading: k
Content: 

Heading: e
Content: R E G I S T E R E D d i a m o n d r i n g s Rinas from $100 to $10,000. T -M
    Rea- A. H. Pond Compony ,---------------------------------------------------
    --------------------------------------------------------- 1 I HOW T O  PLAN
    YOUR E N G A G E M E N T  A N D  W E D D IN G  | I Please send new 20 page
    booklet, "Planning Your Engagement and W e d d in g " I * and fu li color
    folder, both for only 25c. Also, tell me how to obtain the beautiful

Heading: J
Content: I 44 page Bride's Keepsake Book at half price. r ' ,u  I seeing productions of
    plays that they want to direct. To be a director suggests that you want to
    make some sort of in terpretation of your own, some sort of creative
    contribution, if we can call it that--something that is not based upon
    received tradition; one that will, perhaps, give an audience a fresh insight
    into a play-- B: In that sense, a play is really the 'mark' of a director--
    P: In a sense, yes. Of course, there are limits as to what a di rector can
    do, given the time, the conditions of rehearsal, the talent available. It's
    always rather difficult, ap parently, for a lot of beginning dramatic,
    theatrical, critics to as sess the work of the director. Us ually, the
    director is credited with keeping the pace lively, casting carefuddy,
    preparing his cast so that it seems well-rehearsed and thoroughly aware and
    immersed ir. what they're doing--but, beyond that, the new theatrical
    critic, very often, doesn't know whether it's the playwright's contribution,
    the ac tor's contribution or the director's contribution that he's judging.
    B: Do you feel, then, that a critic should have at least a limited ex
    perience in the theatre, either through acting or directing? P: The best
    critics are practi-

Heading: I
Content: tioners in one way or another in | the theatre. They are those who ! have tried
    to write plays, or have I tried to direct or act; whether or I not they're
    successful, to me does- ] n;t matter. The theatre's a very demanding medium,
    and the critic must have some basis for really understand ing this very
    special kind of event ! that he's setting himself up to criticize. B: A
    theory has been expressed ! which states that the best critic is one who
    can, in essence, relate to I the audience by having no specific I knowledge
    of the play; from this j viewpoint, it is said that he can best criticize
    objectively, the action on the stage. One would suppose that you prefer the
    well-versed critic as opposed to this other kind. P : Yes, I would favor the
    well- I versed critical approach. The best | theatrical critics I know have
    been students of dramatic literature and J have read the plays they've
    judged I whenever possible to do so. They | have been frequenters of the

Heading: I
Content: theatre, seen previous productions | of the play and, as I have said, ! most
    have worked in some way or j another in' the theatre to gain first- I hand
    acquaintance with the med-

Heading: I
Content: ium. B: What do you feel is the cri- ! tic's most important task, if there ! is
    such a thing? P : The answer to your question I can get very involved.
    Richard Steele said, back in the eighteenth century (before there were
    regular theatrical critics), that he thought it would be a very good thing
    if a man could tell the manner of his being pleased in the theatre. So, one
    of the original notions of the atrical criticism, apparently, was of an
    impressionistic kind. In other words, the critic was supposed to be a man of
    height ened sensibilities, awareness--able to describe his pleasure (or lack
    of pleasure, for that matter) in the as a teacher with responsibilities
    toward students, is that sometimes students let themselves get un
    necessarily hurt by a review. I would appreciate that the reviewer, rather
    than trying to be personally clever (in what I think of as the TIME Magazine
    view of criticism), practice and judge the preformance as squarely as he
    can. B: How much preparation is pos-

Heading: Harmon* s
Content: 

Heading: Forecast
Content: 

Heading: Rich Diez Shines in
Content: 

Heading: Victory Over G-burg
Content: '#0 Dr. Harvey

Heading: M.
Content: Powers, as seen in C & D's produc tion of " The Rim ers of Eldritch" last
    spring. (This week's interview is the first of a two-part series.)

Heading: Send Her A Pizza
Content: 

Heading: C. P. D. S.
Content: theatre, in order to heighten the enjoyment of the average theatre goer--the
    theatregoer who may not be quite as perceptive in his pleas ures. This sort
    of criticism would help educate the public against cheap theatricality, the
    sort of thing that can get an audience excited at the moment. This
    'education' would simply educate them towards some of the deeper, richer and
    more lasting pleasures the theatre has to offer. Another notion of
    theatrical cri ticism is one which we could per haps call the 'judicial'
    notion. In this view, the critic's function is not to record as vividly as
    he can his experience in the theatre but, rather, to judge the performance
    with a view to correcting it: im prove by giving advice to the actors, the
    director, the designer or, in the case of the new play wright, the
    playwright. B: And you would ascribe to which of those 'notions'? P : The
    theatrical criticism

Heading: I
Content: most enjoy tends towards the former -- that is, impressionistic criticism. But
    it includes, where appropriate, a dose of the latter. B: How do reviews
    affect you, either as an actor or director? Do you pay any attention to
    them? P : We always pay attention to reviews; but I always do my best to
    look at the review as one man's ! opinion. Even though it carries the
    prestige of the paper dn which it j appears, it's still not the judg- I ment
    of the entire paper or the I community which that paper re- I presents. The
    only thing that bothers me, Name.

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: Menu-
Content: 

Heading: PLAIN
Content: 

Heading: WITH EXTRA CHEESE
Content: 

Heading: MEATBALL
Content: 

Heading: PEPPERONI
Content: 

Heading: SAUSAGE
Content: 

Heading: MUSHROOMS
Content: Small (12" ) $1.60 $1.80 $1.80 $1.90 $1.90 $1.90 Lge. ( 16 " ) $2.45 $2.80 $2.80
    $2.90 $2.90 $2.90 sible for a play at the University theatre, considering
    that drama here is more or less an extra- or co-curricular activity? P: We
    know that our plays can not be as fully rehearsed and as deeply rehearsed as
    a professional company's. An ordinary play, to use Broadway as an example,
    is rehearsed for a minimum of three weeks. The rehearsal days run at least
    five per week, and usually average out to about eight hours a day. When we
    do a production here, w e're lucky if we can get in 4% to 5 weeks of
    rehearsal, with six re hearsal periods a week, of only 2 Vz to three hours
    in length. How long have you, personally, been associated with this Univers
    ity? P: I came here in the fall of '49 The strange thing is that it doesn't
    seem like twenty-one years. My wife and I came fully intending to stay for
    only a couple of years. There were no courses in theatre and drama when I
    got here, and what began to happen was that more and more interest was evinc
    ed in the work of a University theatre--after a while, the notion of a
    University theatre began to develop and courses were insti tuted. When I
    first started, I had a single colleague, Dr. C. Willard Smith, former
    chairman of the English Department. In those days, he was known as 'Mr. Cap
    & Dag ger;' he used to direct, do some acting, and take on a great deal of
    the designing and technical di rection. * * * Next week, In the concluding
    part of this series, Mr. Powers discusses his work on the committee on Afro-
    American studies, the role of work shops at this University, and the
    existence of the 'new theatre' among other subjects.

Heading: r
Content: Two of the top show-downs of the 1970 football season are highlights of
    Saturday's schedule. One game is in the Midwest, the other m the Far West.
    Chief Loser-of-the-Close- Ones, I7th-ranked Stanford, squares off against 4
    th-ranked Southern Cal. She Trojans, out after an unprece dented fifth
    straight Rose Bowl ap pearance, will probably give the Tpdinns of Stanford-
    land a fit again this year. The difference: Southern Cal by 19. In the other
    big one, once-tied Nebraska, sixth in the nation, goes against once-beaten
    Missouri, rated 13th. This little bit of football dyna mite will go off in
    Lincoln, and the tea leaves spell out a big win for Nebraska over Missouri
    by four points. It doesn't look as though our 3 top-ranked football teams
    are in for any unusual trouble Saturday. It's quite a coincidence that at
    var ious times in the past years, each

Heading: LCA Sweeps League 1;
Content: 

Heading: Kisenbauer Top Scorer
Content: 

Heading: INTRAMURAL
Content: s o c c e r l e a g u e 1 w

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: Pts.

Heading: LCA
Content: 5 0 2 31

Heading: SAE
Content: 2 1 4 23

Heading: KDR
Content: 1 1 4 If

Heading: SX
Content: 2 3 1 1 *

Heading: SAM
Content: 0 5 1 * Clinched league championship. LEAGUE 2

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: Pts

Heading: IND
Content: 5 0 1 2

Heading: TKE
Content: 4 1 1 2

Heading: PGD
Content: 2 4 1

Heading: T X
Content: 1 3 2 1

Heading: RAM
Content: has been of these three games billed as one of the feature games of the season.
    Well, not so this year. Number One Boy, Ohio State, will smother Michigan
    State a bit . .  the spread is 34 points. Texas, ranked second, will sink
    the Sooners of Oklahoma by 23, and 3 rd-ranked Notre Dame will blitz Army by
    42 points. The Cyclones of Iowa State are undefeated, and the Green Wave of
    Tulane is proud of a three and one record to date. However, it looks as
    though both bubbles will burst. The Cyclones run into the Buffaloes, and the
    Wave will find Falcons in their hair. Tenth ranked Colorado will stop Iowa
    State by 14 points, and the 8th-ranked Air Force will defeat Tulane by
    eighteen points. Seventh-ranked Auburn will stay on ye olde victory, trail,
    beating Clemson by 32. Michigan, No. 14, will battle Purdue in a feature at
    traction in the Big Ten. The Boiler makers slipped back into the Top 20 this
    week - they're No. 19. The Wolverines are favored by five points. Trouble
    may hit the Vols of Ten nessee. Rated 11th, once-beaten Tennessee bumps head
    with un beaten, 18 th-ranked Georgia Tech. It looks like Defeat Number One
    for the Yellow Jackets, but it'll be a toughie . . the Volunteers by just 11
    points. Georgia may be un-rank ed but Mississippi, rated 5th, could run into
    a real Bulldog-Pen. Georgia has lost two games by a total of just four
    points, and will foe a 17- point underdog to the Rebels. By ALAN GROCHAL
    Sophomore Rick Diez keyed a rejuvenated Bison running attack in the Big
    Blue's 14-6 victory over Gettysburg. , Rick carried the ball 17 times for 87
    yards and scored one touch down. His longest run from scrim mage was 23
    yards. Although m ost of the fourth quar ter was played under a heavy
    downpour, Diez noted that the mud dy field didn't bother him. " We used
    soccer cleats which gave us traction on the wet field,' he said. Previously,
    he saw much action against Baldwin-Wallace but ac cumulated little playing
    time in the Temple game. Suprisingly Rick finds his 6 2 , 190 pound frame a
    small disadvan tage. " I wish I were a little shorter since I have a
    tendency to straight en up on running plays. Also, I wish I were a little
    heavier,"  he said. As a fullback, it is Rick's job to block for quarterback
    Greg Doviak or Howie Burke on pass plays, thus size is important. Diez
    characterized himself as more of an inside threat than an outside runner. He
    feels that he is strong, but lacks great speed. Rick classified Gettysburg
    as larger than either Temple or Bald win-Wallace, the teams that the Bisons
    faced previously. " Gettysburg wasn't  as quick as Baldwin-Wallace
    however,and our offensive line was able to open up some good holes in the
    line. Diez expects no offensive changes for the Thundering Herd's game with
    Davidson Saturday. " Davidson is a combination of the strengths of
    Gettysburg and Baldwin-Wallace. They are both quick and big." In only his
    first season as a run ning back, Diez was a quarterback through high school
    in Western New York and in freshman ball last year. Academically, Rick is
    majoring in math, a curriculum which he admits is quite tedious. "Although
    being a math major is difficult, I don't think that play ing football and
    keeping up with school work is too hard. If I were n't playing football, I
    would find something else to do."

Heading: The Top
Content: 

Heading: Twenty
Content: 

Heading: Slogans
Content: For a prize think of a slogan for the football game against Lafayet te. On
    Thursday, October 22, at 8s30 p.m., there will be a pep-rally and sign
    contest. All hallgroups, houses, fraternities, sororities, any groups, or
    individuals are invited to enter. Appropriate prizes will be awarded based
    on originality of slogan and sign. Slogan must be given to Sue Unger (Box
    W-304) by Tuesday, October 20. Signs must be present ed at the pep-rally. 1
    -- Ohio State 2 -- Texas 3 -- Notre Dame 4-- Southern Cal 5 -- Mississippi
    6-- Nebraska 7 -- Auburn 8-- Air Foroe 9 -- Arizona State 10 -- -Colorado 11
    -- Tennessee 12 -- Arkansas 13 -- Missouri 14-- Michigan 15 -- Houston 16--
    U.C.L.A. 17-- Stanford 18 -- Georgia Tech 19-- Purdue 20-- West Virginia

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: WHEN HUNGER STRIKES
Content: 

Heading: STRIKE BACK ! ! !
Content: 

Heading: CALL 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: LEAGUE
Content: t h r e e

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: c
Content: 3 0

Heading: E
Content: 3 1

Heading: B
Content: 2 0

Heading: A
Content: 1 3

Heading: D
Content: 0 5

Heading: LEADING SCORERS
Content: Kent Kisenbauer (IND) Charlie Van Fleet (LCA) Alan Ssiffler (LCA) Glenn Hastedt
    (RAM) Air Force Alabama Arizona St. 4 Arkansas ; Auburn Citadel Colgate
    Colorado Cornell Dartmouth

Heading: I
Content: D avidson Florida Harvard Houston Michigan Mississippi Nebraska Notre Dame Ohio
    State Penn State Rutgers San Diego St. Southern Cal Tennessee Texas

Heading: U.C.L.A.
Content: ViUanova Washington Yale Baldwin Wall. Connecitcut Delaware Gettysburg I Tulane
    13 6 Vanderbilt 14 4 Washington St. 7 8 Baylor 9 Clemson 7 0 Will. & Mary 19
    !1 Holy Cross 16 18 Iowa State 14 II Pennsylvania 14 12 Princeton 13 L7
    Bucknell 6 25 Florida St. 14 24 Columbia 17 28 Mississippi St. 20 25 Purdue
    20 27 Georgia 10 25 Missouri 21 42 Army 0 41 Michigan St. 7 21 Boston CoUege
    17 24 Lehigh 13 28 S. Mississippi 15 33 Stanford 14 28 Georgia Tech 17 30
    Oklahoma 7 26 Oregon. 7 23 Buffalo 14 20 California 27 Brown

Heading: J
Content: 28 Hofstra It 20 Temple lj 30 Lafayette * 27 Albright << % * CALL GARY'S AT
    523-9251 TO PLACE ORDER.

Heading: ALL ORDERS C. O. D.
Content: Address. IKEEPSAKE DIAM ONO_ jU N G S.JI OXJIO^ ^SY^ACUSE^, N_Xl_l3I2.U SDK 01

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THF. BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 9, 1970

Heading: North Front Street
Content: 

Heading: 17 Bound Avenue
Content: 7 4 2 - 9 3 9 2 7 4 2 - 8 8 1 8

Heading: DAN'S USED
Content: 

Heading: FURNITURE
Content: HOURS: MON., TUES., THURS., FRI., 1:00 TO 9:00 P.M.

Heading: L
Content: SAT. 9:00 A :M : TO  5:00 P.M. !

Heading: ---
Content: 

Heading: CLOSED ALL DAY WED.
Content: 

Heading: irivia
Content: In 1929, one-eighth ounce of al most pure heroin cost 65 cents; to day it would
    cost about $2,000. A Trivial recipe: Combine 2 cups flour with 1 cup salt
    and add 3/4 cup water. Mix well. Knead until it feels like Play Dough.
    Popcorn must " age"  until the summer following the season in which it is
    grown before it is ready to be marketed. Did you know that GI stands for
    galvanized iron -- not for general 4$

Heading: School of Law
Content: 

Heading: Hofstra University
Content: ...the newest in the nation and the first in > New York State in over 40 years,
    and opened 1970 Applications for admission of a limited number of selected
    students now being considered for the first-year program in SEPTEMBER, 1971

Heading: FOR
Content: AD M ISSIO N  IN FO R M A TIO N ,!

Heading: CALL, W RITE, O R  VISIT
Content: 

Heading: SCHOOL OF LAW
Content: 

Heading: HOFSTRA UNIVERSITY
Content: HEMPSTEAD, LONG ISLAND, N.Y. 11550 TELEPHONE (516) 560-3636 .yyQF S T  R4. '
    i/JV lV E R SV Y^' OCTOBER 9, 1970

Heading: T H E  B U C K N E LLIA N
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: 

Heading: TWO
Content: 

Heading: MONTHS
Content: 30 <<*fcr>> abaorbent

Heading: i l a i l e x
Content: 

Heading: '#*"
Content: 

Heading: self-adjusting
Content: 

Heading: #tam pons
Content: 

Heading: We'll send you the $1>79 size of Playtex(r)
Content: 

Heading: first-day(tm) tampons for only 500.
Content: 

Heading: You get more than two months' supply free.
Content: There's no other tampon like Playtex. Outside, soft and silky, not cardboardy.
    Inside, so extra absorbent, it even protects on your first day. That's why
    we call it the first-day tampon. In every lab test against the old
    cardboardy kind, the Playtex tampon was always more absorbent. Actually 45%
    more absorbent on the average than the leading regular tampon because of the
    unique way it's made. Actually adjusts to you. Flowers out, fluffs out,
    protects every inside inch of you. Once you try it, we think you'll love it.
    That's why we're making you this special "two months free" offer. So go
    ahead. Use the coupon and get more than two months' supply free. 1 Based on
    the average #omen'^use of ten ^ ^ n sj> e rjn o n th . _____ ___ --  --  --
    --  --  --  -- J Here's 50$ for my more than two months' supply of Send in a
    plain brown wrapper, please. Playtex tampons. # Regular Name. Address. City.
    # Super .State. -Zip. Mail coupon to: International Playtex Corporation,
    Dept. 580, P.O. Box 2205 Wilmington, Delaware 19899. Offer expires January
    31,

Heading: I
Content: 1971 . Please allow four weeks for delivery. ___________________________ j #P
    ,1.4 hrnjEk #M M M M M BM M M M M M M M HIM M M M iaM NaM M aaM M aiM M I

Heading: P R E S S  B O X
Content: -B y DAN MILLER; The Bucknellian one week ago published an editorial suggesting
    that the University's financial crisis might be eased by reducing the inter
    collegiate football program to club status. The editorial avoided however,
    any mention of quantitative data con cerning the source and amounts of the
    savings that would accnie to the University by virtue of a limited athletic
    program. Further, is avoided consideration of other repercussions such a
    move could have with regard to the University's financial situation. T h the
    first place, club football, as it is presently established in col leges
    accross the country, is intended to be an intermediate between a non-
    existant football program and a intercollegiate level of competition.
    Schools such as Fordham, the University of Chicago, and George town
    University have had club football programs for five years or so, and are now
    entering the lists as intercollegiate competitors. The contention that club
    football would reduce expenditures to any large extent is largely erroneous.
    The categories that involve the invest ment would remain unchanged in a
    transition between club football and a varsity program. For example, what
    reduction would there be in coaching statf re quirements? Are we to
    realistically expect that a program designed to " serve more students" would
    involve fewer coaches? The expenditures for equipment would obviously
    increase if more people played. Travel costs would be just as likely to rise
    as to fall since many of the club teams are well removed from central
    Susquehanna Valley. What about officials? Most club teams play six to eight
    games a season which indicates that there would be little gained in this
    respect. Other expenses involve insurance and grounds keeping costs, also
    unlikely to decrease to any measurable extent. Where then are these savings
    to come from? The category of fi nancial aid to athletes is apparently the
    most likely target. The money alloted to covering tuition costs of football
    players has been generally considered to be separate from that going to
    "real students." This is a misapprehension because football players are not
    on campus primarily to perform on Saturdays or to give the sports editor
    something to put on his page. They are members of the academic comunity.
    They enter Bucknell on the strength of their academic achievements in high
    school not on their ability to run off-tackle. Furthermore, financial aid is
    not given preferentially to athletes as an enticement to come to Bucknell.
    The recruiting effort has only two real incentives to induce an athlete to
    enroll: the caliber of the academic facilities and the quality of
    competition in the athletic program. The University can not and pointedly
    refuses to attempt to purchase the services of a particular athlete. The
    financial gains then, of downgrading football to a club basis, are largely
    illusary. The drawbacks presented by a less prestegious football program are
    more difficult to assess,, but there is evidence that they would be signifi
    cant. As e test case, we can examine Columbia University, a major pri- yate
    college. Columbia ran about $10 million in the red last year and
    investigated the possibility of altering the athletic program to aleviate
    the financial squeeze. The investigating body reported that the.decline in
    the quality of athletics at Columbia contributed to the deficit. They
    further asserted that nothing can stimulate gifts from alumni better than
    pride and loyalty for the alma mater, and that the most effective force to
    this end was a successful athletic program, the major contributor being
    football. A similar panel at Gettysburg College concured. Therefore, upon
    investigation of the proposal of The Bucknellian editorial Board, it becomes
    clear that slicing the money budget is not a panacea for the University's
    financial Msm in fact there is evidence that it would amount to killing the
    goose who laid the golden egg.

Heading: Bisons to Face Wildcats;
Content: 

Heading: Herd Seeks Second Win
Content: By JAMES NORTHRIDGE The Davidson Wildcats will have their claws sharpened and un
    sheathed to welcome the Big Blue to their den this Saturday. David son is
    1-1 on the season so far as they defeated Richmond 14-5 before falling to
    Trinity (Texas) 20-9. The Cats are a big team both on the line, which
    averages 203 pounds, and in the backfield but they stress team speed more
    than size. The speediest Wildcat is split end Rick Lyon, a 5-10 junior, who
    was the Southern Conference's 220 yard sprint champion as a sopho more. The
    wide receiver has a good pair of hands and excellent moves as he showed on a
    73 yard punt return against Richmond. Another stalwart for Davidson is 200
    pound fullback Mike Mikolay- unas, a 6-1 senior. Mikolayunas is considered
    to be a pro prospect and last year he set a single game pass reception
    record for Davidson. The fullback is a powerful runner and has already
    latched onto 10 tosses for 138 yards this season. Lyon and Mikolayunas have
    forced B.U.'s Head Coach Fred Prender to afoondon his zone pass defense as
    he is assigning two people to play head to head on the Davidson stars. The
    Wildcats offensive backfield also includes Mark Thompson, who so far this
    season has completed a strong 26 out of 48 passes good for 290 yards with
    only one inter ception. Bill Bracken, the team's leading rusher and big 198
    pound John Ribet hold down the halfback slots. The Wildcat's defensive
    second ary will prove to be another stiff test for starting quarterback
    Howie Burke. Wildcat monster man John Barber is an excellent tackier and he
    blocked two punts in the Trinity game. Coach Prender feels that David son is
    " probably the most experi enced football team we've played this season with
    15 seniors starting.

Heading: Can Fish Swim?
Content: 

Heading: Netmen Ranked Eighth in East
Content: In order to win, we'll have to plsj" our best football of the season." Davidson
    will try to win their first game against The Herd under new head coach, Dave
    Fagg. The Bisons have played the Wildcats twice before and have come out on
    top both times. The Big Blue will be without the services of Mitch Farbstein
    and Gerard Solomon, both out with knee injuries and Tarras Onis- chenko.
    Farbstein and Onischenko are both expected to return to action soon.
    Allaround workhorse Don Gia- comelli suffered a Charley horse during the
    week but is expected to start on Saturday. The Blue and Orange will have to
    put their best foot forward early this Saturday instead of waiting till the
    second half. Rick Dietz has been named as a starter this week by Prender
    after coming off of S very successful game against Get tysburg. The Bison
    defenders have their work cut out for them trying to contain the Wildcat's
    Mike Mik olayunas and Rick Lyon. By J. F. LACKRITZ Last weekend, the Bison
    tennis team traveled to West Point to compete in the ECAC fall tennis
    tournament. The netmen showed that they again have a strong team, after
    running up 17% points, which placed them among the top eight teams in the
    Eest. Paving the way were senior cap tain Alex Anderson, and junior Steve
    Baird, each gathering 3% points in the " A" division. Baird defeated two
    opponents from Dartmouth and Cornell be fore bowing to Bill Colson, the
    eventual winner from Princeton.

Heading: Hockey Team Bows
Content: 

Heading: To Lock Haven, 10-0
Content: Bisonette Jill Schlicter moves in on attack against Lock Haven. By BOB WENDEL
    Girls' field hockey has played two games to date, and after de feating
    Susquehanna last week, succumbed to a very potent Lock Haven State team,
    10-0. The game didn't start out to be quite the rout it finally became;
    however, after 20 minutes into the first half, right wing Widget Crane was
    injured. " This was a very demoralizing situation for the girls. They just
    didn't play as aggressively after Widget was hurt. I think the score

Heading: Big Blue Assaults Rider;
Content: 

Heading: Harriers Clash in Debut
Content: By DAVE COULTER B.U. sports will reach another milestone Saturday afternoon at 1
    p.m. as the Bisons cross country team looks for its first win in his tory at
    their first home meet - ever. This years' squad is young with sophomores
    comprising seven of the to eleven runners. Coach Gul den, who will also be
    making de but for the hero, reports that the team is " progressing well." He
    admits, however, that it is " dif ficult to start and build a team in one
    year." Although only two men have ever run in a five mile race before the
    time trials earlier this week, the team is coming on strong. Last week each
    man ran 55 miles or nearly a thousand miles total for the seventeen man
    team. The new B.U. course is 5.1 miles around the campus and the present
    record is held by Tom Haggerty, who toured the course in 29:20. Coach
    Gulden, though, sees any of eleven men as being able to finish first on the
    team. He has been " very pleased with the teams attitude toward work" and
    encourages everyone to sup port the Bison's home debut against Rutgers. The
    race will start and finish by the soccer field and a good turn out would be
    important to the team. Hopefully, success will follow the hard hours of work
    that the entire team has put in.

Heading: TYPING
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONAL SECRETARY
Content: 

Heading: WILL TYPE THESIS,
Content: 

Heading: REPORTS, ETC.
Content: 

Heading: 523-3564
Content: at that point was 0-0, but from then on, the girls played much too de
    fensively," explained Miss Peck. She went on to say that, " In the past few
    seasons we haven't scored a goal against Lock Haven." From watching the
    game, and inquiring of some of the spectators, it be came quite evident why
    Lock Ha ven is so tough: many of the play ers are Phys. Ed. majors, and are
    in exceptional shape, athletically. Concerning Widget Crane's con dition,
    Miss Peck stated that she aggravated her knee severely, and will be a big
    question mark for the near future. The team still has three games remaining,
    as they meet Penn State this Tuesday, Bloomsburg Wednesday October 221, and
    Mes siah the following Wednesday. In contests last year, B.U. de feated Penn
    State 3-2, and bowed to Bloomsburg 4-3. " I feel that we should win two of
    the next three contests, and possibly even sweep all three," beamed Miss
    Peck.

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: Anderson was upended in the first round, but swept through the consolation
    tournament to take honors over opponents from Ver mont, Penn, MIT, and
    Columbia. In the " B"  division, junior Jim Lackritz and sophomore Keith
    Kimball each contributed three points to BU's total. Lackritz was defeated
    by the number one seeded player in a three-set match in the second round,
    while Kimball fell in the same round to the number three man from Navy. In
    doubles, they teamed to de feat Colgate in the first round, and then almost
    upset the top- seeded team from Princeton be fore bowing. The Bisons' only
    other victory in singles was posted by junior Larry Donn, playing in the "
    C" decision. Donn defeated an oppon ent from Vermont, and then team ed with
    sophomore Bob Christian son to reach the semi-finals of the consolation
    doubles. This weekend, the Hank Peters Memorial Tournament will be held at
    the Seventh Street courts. A sthong field is expected, which will include
    several players from Penn State's squad. The whole Bison tennis team is
    entered, and will try to follow up last weekend's showing at West Point.

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: Give to
Content: 

Heading: The American
Content: 

Heading: Red Cross*
Content: BdwrtWnj  <<ontilbum  tw R uyiW i f 4

Heading: Promise Her Anything --  --
Content: 

Heading: BUT _ SEND _ HER _ A _ PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: Call 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: NOW!
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 9, 1970 ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe, Legal (N.Y.) and Inexpen
    sive. Please call Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All in quiries
    confidential. NEED place for band to practice. Must have locked storage area
    for equipment. Will offer Vi-pric- ed band party as payment. Call Win Win
    Free 524-3411.

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: ___
Content: 

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY & SATURDAY
Content: 

Heading: OCTOBER 9 & 10
Content: 

Heading: Jack Lemmon
Content: 

Heading: Sandy Dennis
Content: 

Heading: "THE - OUT - OF - TOWNERS"
Content: 

Heading: rri
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY _ MONDAY _ TUESDAY
Content: 

Heading: PAINT
Content: 

Heading: YOUR
Content: 

Heading: WAGON'
Content: 

Heading: irr
Content: 

Heading: Dateline: The Campus
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 10
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY. OCTOBER 13. 1970
Content: By CATHY EVANS Bryn Mawr College is the only school in Pennsylvania still hold
    ing out against the Haverford agreement with the PHEAA. (Pen nsylvania
    Higher Education Assistance Agency) which provides scholarships or funds to
    Pennsylvania students attending college anywhere. Bryn Mawr has, thus far,
    lost $26,606 m scholarship funds for 32 students, and $229,950 in loan funds
    for 34 others. The constitutionality of the new state laws which require
    colleges to report violations of civil or specific college rules by
    Pennsylvania students, is being challenged in a three-judge court by
    Haverford College. If the decision is appealed it will go directly to the
    United States Supreme Court. . N.Y. Times -- Duke University is installing
    Terry Sanford, former governor of North Carolina as its president. The
    antithesis of Agnew, Sanford is contemplated as the Democratic candidate for
    Vice-President in 1972. Sanfor notes, "With the self-righteous ness of
    oligarchs, the leaders of repression are commanding college presidents to
    put down the students, shut off and to silence protest. I would suggest that
    they do not understand young people do not understand society and have
    forgotten the lessons of history. Richard M. Nixon was a graduate of Duke's
    Law School in 1937. Temple University students are involved in a legal
    hassel with administration over the insurance problems and feasibility of
    the Day Care Center which has been caring for children of students, faculty
    and community. The University's lawyer, Peter Patton saw the Day Care Center
    as such, as " unrealistic" and said it should be used soley by students if
    that. Until legal proceedings are over the center has been housed
    temporarily by such organizations as the Alpha Epsilon Pi Fraternity. The
    bail for seven Lafayette University students arrested in a drug raid, has
    been reduced from $2,000 to $1,000. However, William Kelolw in whose room
    the raid occured, was not given a reduction. Notre Dame held a record-
    breaking marathon of Shakespear reading for ninety-seven consecutive hours.
    The previous record of ninety-six hours was set in 1963 by students of Hope
    Callege in Hol land, Michigan. The marathon was held to raise funds for a
    Primary school to teach inner-city school children reading skills.

Heading: 'Cite
Content: 

Heading: ^Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: ----------------
Content: 

Heading: Students, Faculty Discuss
Content: 

Heading: Hiring of Black Professor
Content: By STEVE WYATT The national history honorary, Phi Alpha Theta, sponsored a meet
    ing in Coleman Hall yesterday to express concern over the slow pro gress of
    Black studies at the Uni versity. The consensus of the meeting was that the
    basic problem remain ing in the formulation of a good black studies program
    was attract ing qualified people to make it work. Interest in a strong
    deqart- mental program was noted on the part of many faculty members.

Heading: SAE Convention Resolves Issues
Content: By NANCY GRDEN Thirty-five delegates from 15 sigma Alpha Epsilon chapters in
    neighboring universities gathered here this weekend to resolve sev eral
    issues of mutual concern. The members of this province, in cluding Penn
    State, Dickinson, Get tysburg, Lafayette, the University of Pittsburgh, and
    the University of Pennsylvania, wish to recommend to the national
    conference, which meets in June in Richmond, that several changes be made in
    the national laws. One such change would include the initiation of non-male
    members into the fraternity. Several chapters have a " little sister"  set-
    up, similar to a sorority in nature, but which is not part of the national
    laws. Another change would include the institution of an Intercollegiate
    Council to improve communications between the various chapters in the
    province and the national. Each chapter elects one representative to attend
    the meeting twice a year. Chip Del Coro has been elected as representative
    of the University s SAE chapter and as vice-chairman the Council. Right now
    this province consists 17 members, the largest pro vince in the national. It
    will be broken up into two smaller pro vinces: East, which will consist of
    chapters in eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware, and West, which
    will consist of chapters in western Pennsylvania, part of New York, and West
    Virginia. Be cause the University and Penn State are on the border line be
    tween the two new provinces, each one may elect to become part of either the
    western or the eastern province. Other business included a discus sion of
    the tenure of national of ficers and a different system of electing them.
    Villanova, Drexel, and New York Institute of Technology all appealed for
    initiation into the national chap ter, which the province will recom mend.
    Also discussed was the Alumni Commission, appointed to govern the activities
    of the SAE chapter here, as it is located off-campus. However, it has
    functioned in a limited capacity and has been lift ed both here and at the
    University of Pittsburgh. Included among the guests for the weekend were
    Russ Heuer, Em inent Supreme Herald; Fred Phel ps, an officer of th
    province; Ken Tracy, chapter counselor and guest speaker at the banquet; and
    John Stone, head of the leadership school held every summer in Evanston,
    Illinois. Gerald Commerford, as sistant Dean of Men, greeted the delegates
    when they arrived at the SAE house, where they stayed dur ing the weekend. "
    It is amazing what was done in one day,"  commented Maury Si mon, SAE
    chapter President. "We broke up into discussion groups all day Saturday and
    got a great deal accomplished." Chaired by Heddy Mathias and Jeffery Bush,
    it discussed the pro gress in the program to date and possible future moves
    toward fur- thur implementation. Attending were members of the two black
    student committees, members of the faculty, the Provost, the Dean of the
    College of Arts and Sciences, and students and student represen tatives.
    Professor Petere of the Com mittee on Differently Prepared Students opened
    the discussion with a review of the action his committee had taken in the
    previous year. He called attention to the committee's charge, which was to "
    study Uni versity resources with respect to the differently prepared, with
    special attention to the Black stu dent." In the course of their studies,
    the committee recommended an an nual summer transition program and possible
    reduced course loads for disadvantaged students. It also endorsed the
    Association of Blacks for Progress proposal for black student housing,
    supported the idea of a black counselor, and encour aged summer recruiting
    activities by an ABP member with Afro- Americans for Educational Oppor
    tunity. Professor Powers of the curri culum committee's subcommittee on
    black studies expressed feelings that there was no one on campus presently
    qualified to set up a pro gram and stressed the need for an outside
    consultant. His committee endorsed a preliminary proposal of the ABP for
    enriching existing courses, a program of Afro-Ameri can symposia, and the
    hiring of

Heading: a
Content: consultant as '"Black studies co ordinator," who would serve also as a faculty
    memer. The remainder of the meeting was in the form of a discussion of the
    proposals presented and the problems accompanying them. Much attention was
    given to the hiring of a black counselor and faculty member and the
    difficulties of attracting and keeping him in Lewisburg. Several statements
    were made stressing the need for " new unorthodox, and imaginative methods
    of recruiting " as a neces sity in attracting black faculty here. (Continued
    on Page 3)

Heading: Reece Speaks on Peace;
Content: 

Heading: Students Canvass District
Content: 

Heading: Premiere Highlights
Content: 

Heading: 1971 Chorale Season
Content: of of

Heading: Wheateroft's 'Ofoti'
Content: 

Heading: Tells Modern Fable
Content: By ROBIN BITTERLICH " Ofoti,"  a three act play written by Professor John S.
    Wheatcroft of the English department, has just been published in book form
    both in the U.S. and in England. Writ ten originally as a stage play, "
    Ofoti" was first performed by cap and Dagger in 1960. It won the Alcoa
    Playwriting Award in 1965. In 1966, the play was transformel into a
    television play and was pro duced by the American Conserva tory Theatre and
    Station WQED-TV in Pittsburgh. The TV protection was then purchased by
    National Educational Television Playhouse where it won the NET award in >
    1966. The play appeared on national television from 1966 to 1970. With
    publication, the rights of the play are returned to Professor Wheat croft.
    The play was again written for the stage and was produced in At lanta in the
    spring of 1968. In it's final form, as it appaers in the re cent
    publication, "Ofoti" is in read ing form, most similar to the stage version.
    " Ofoti is described as a modem fable. The narrative is a fantasy about a
    boy in search of a troll. By BILL WHITNEY The University Chorale, under the
    direction of Allen W. Flock, has planned an active schedule for the 1970-71
    year. The highpoint of the Chorale sea son will be reached on May 1 at 8:30
    p.m. when forty selected mem bers of the Chorale will participate in the
    Word Premiere of " Piers Plowman" by Dr. John Wheat croft and Thomas
    Beversdorf. The text, written by Dr. Wheat croft, Professor of English here,
    is an adaption and dramatization of a 14th century Middle English poem
    depicting the cycle of Christ's life in a 14th centliy perspective. The
    musical score for forty voices and orchestra is being com posed by Dr.
    Beversdorf, Professor of Composition at Indiana (Pa.) University, who is in
    residence in Lewisburg for the year. Mr. Flock will conduct the musical
    part, and Dr. Harvey Powers, professor of English, will direct the
    dramatics. Speaking of the Chorale in gen eral, Mr. Flock said it " gives
    stu dents who like to sing the oppor tunity to sing and more thoroughly
    understand the art of music." The Chorale will travel to Atlan tic City, N.
    J., Saturday, February 27, 1971 to sing for the Eastern Division meeting of
    the Music Ed ucators National Conference. Together with a wind ensemble from
    the Symphonic Band, " the Chorale will be one of the featured groups,
    performing pieces for voice and ensemble by contemporary composers Latham
    and Persichetti at an evening concert,"  said Con cert Manager Jeanne
    Brockmeyer. The University Chorale will per form with the Pennsylvania
    Ballet Company, Monday March 1, which is coming to campus as part of the
    Artist Series. With the Ballet furn ishing dancers and the orchestra and the
    Chorale performing the vocal score, the combined group will present Carl
    Orff's "Carmina Burana" in Davis Gym at 8:15 p.m. The Chorale will also
    perform on Parent's Week-end and in their traditional Christmas carol sing.
    By JACK SCHMIDT Norval D. Reece will be speak ing on the topic, " Peace
    Politics: Where Is It Going?" , in Olin Sci ence Auditorium at 7:30 p.m. on
    Thursday night. The talk is being sponsored by " Students for Peace" and the
    Inter national Club. In related activities, a group of students are working
    for Congres sional candidate Arthur L. Berger in the Nineteenth District,
    south of Harrisburg. This weekend the group plans to begin door-to-door
    canvassing efforts with the help of volunteers from Movement for a New
    Congress chapters from the Philadelphia area. Reece ran as an independent
    peace candidate for the United States Senate in the 1970 Demo cratic
    Primary. He has served as Pennsylvania Campaign Manager and National
    Scheduling Director for Senator Eugene J. McCarthy, and was endorsed by
    Senator Mc Carthy in the 1970 campaign. At 36, Reece has been a cam paign
    consultant for both Republi can and Democratic candidates in cluding Senator
    Joseph S. Clark, Philadelphia District Attorney Ar- len Specter, Senator
    McCarthy, and Milton J. Shapp. Reece heads Norval D. Reece As sociates,
    consultants on urban af fairs and political campaigns. The " Students for
    Peace"  group working for Berger will be leaving for his district at 10:00
    a.m. on Saturday the 17th, from New Dorm parking lot. Last Saturday, the
    group spent the day leafletting shopping centers and conducting

Heading: a
Content: telephone poll of the district. The group hopes to maintain

Heading: a
Content: regular weekend presence in the district through election day. Berger has been
    hampered by

Heading: a
Content: lack of student support from col leges within his own district. An organizer
    from MNC national head quarters is planning to begin work this week to swell
    the student ranks. Berger has noted that stu dent support may prove to be
    the deciding factor in the election, if it can be mobilizzed.

Heading: Study
Content: 

Heading: Monkey
Content: 

Heading: Bu
Content: 

Heading: Poliner and Nourse Receive Psychology Grant
Content: Juniors, Jay

Heading: R.
Content: Poliner and Daniel Nourse have been desig nated undergraduate research par
    ticipants by the National Institute of Health for the 1970-71 academic year.
    In this capacity Poliner will con tinue his studies of primate be havior
    under the direction of Dr. Douglas K. Candland, professor and chairman of
    the university's department of psychology. Nourse will continue his studies
    of primate behavior under the di rection of Dr. Candland. Nourse has done
    extensive work with monkeys in field situations, and will continue the work
    he in itiated last January when he spent the month with other university
    students cataloging the behavior of free ranging monkeys in Monkey Jungle in
    Goulds, Florida. Further cataloging has been done by other students during
    the past spring and summer with the result that information is now available
    on the full year's breeding cycle of the squirrel monkey. Using the
    facilities of the Freas- Rooke Computer Center, Nourse will catalog the
    25,000 behaviors which have been observed in order to determine the
    conditions which led to the occurence of specific be haviors. Poliner will
    continue the work he began during the past summer in which he is attempting
    to deter mine the nature of the endocrine factors which are associated with
    changes in heartrate that occur when monkey and baboon social organization
    is disrupted. Along with other workers in the laboratory, he has established
    that profound heartrate changes appear when primates reorganize their social
    structure, and it is supposed that these reflect changes in the physiology
    of the individual animal which are important to his long evity. I f

Heading: U
Content: m

Heading: In Pursuit o f the Truth
Content: 

Heading: To pursue Truth wherever it may
Content: 

Heading: lead demands that one be free to move
Content: 

Heading: in all directions. To this end, we propose
Content: 

Heading: the institution of a General Major.
Content: 

Heading: A student who declares his major
Content: 

Heading: to be General would be allowed to take
Content: 

Heading: courses without being hampered by hav-
Content: 

Heading: ing to fulfill the requirements of a major
Content: 

Heading: chosen in the past on the basis of
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: adequate information." If a student is
Content: 

Heading: truly learning, what he learns today will
Content: 

Heading: effect what he will decide to study to
Content: 

Heading: morrow.
Content: 

Heading: In effect, this would mean that stu
Content: 

Heading: dents who declared their major as Gen
Content: 

Heading: eral would graduate without having to
Content: 

Heading: first stipulate and then fulfill a very
Content: 

Heading: particular course of study.
Content: 

Heading: In a broad sense, the University
Content: 

Heading: would stop visualizing itself as a place
Content: 

Heading: where people come to achieve goals they
Content: 

Heading: established before they came. The Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity might begin to recognize the im
Content: 

Heading: portance of choosing the goals them-
Content: 

Heading: Arthur Berger
Content: 

Heading: Arthur Berger is the Democratic candidate for
Content: 

Heading: Representative in the Nineteenth Congressional Dis-
Content: 

Heading: istrict of Pennsylvania. He is opposing the incumbent,
Content: 

Heading: Republican Representative George Goodhng. Although
Content: 

Heading: this district, which includes the cities of Carhsle, Han
Content: 

Heading: over, and York, is fifty miles to the south, The Buck-
Content: 

Heading: nellian feels it important to comment on this race.
Content: 

Heading: Berger has called for the complete and immediate
Content: 

Heading: withdrawal of all United States forces from Vietnam
Content: 

Heading: and has pledged to help "dismantle the third largest
Content: 

Heading: country3 in theworld: the U. S. Pentagon." He has also
Content: 

Heading: called for reforms in the tax structure and for stiff6^
Content: 

Heading: anti-pollution programs, but places these m the context
Content: 

Heading: of the war, saying "We can talk about p(tm)gPS^(tm)th
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: 

Heading: priorities forever, but until we get out of Southeast
Content: 

Heading: Asia, our talk is meaningless."
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: TT
Content: 

Heading: Goodling, 76 years old, has served in the House
Content: 

Heading: since 1960 and is ranked as the most conservative rep
Content: 

Heading: resentative from this state. He supports the ABM and
Content: 

Heading: voted with the administration on the church-Cooper and
Content: 

Heading: Hatfield-McGovem Amendments.
Content: 

Heading: Despite the lack of political experience on the part
Content: 

Heading: of himself and his staff, Berger is given a good chance
Content: 

Heading: to win in this relatively conservative district Berger
Content: 

Heading: posesses no magical powers and only pledgestodothe
Content: 

Heading: best job he can to "bring America out of its state of
Content: 

Heading: crisis." He is an honest man whose political naiveness
Content: 

Heading: may be one of his more important assets.
Content: 

Heading: The Berger-Goodling contest presents a clear
Content: 

Heading: choice on the important issues of Vietnam and defense
Content: 

Heading: spending. Although Bergers election will serve aan<
Content: 

Heading: panacea it would provide another vote for those Con
Content: 

Heading: gressional forces seeking to adapt ^
Content: 

Heading: American p
Content: 

Heading: litiral svstem to its current challenges. We support Mr.
Content: 

Heading: Berger's attempts to gain election,
Content: a n d

Heading: urge members
Content: 

Heading: of this community to aid him towards this end.
Content: 

Heading: selves. The determination of the realm
Content: 

Heading: in which one's Truth lies is achieve
Content: 

Heading: ment worthy of four years of study at
Content: 

Heading: a University.
Content: 

Heading: Instead of seeing itself as the
Content: 

Heading: straight line between the desire to leam
Content: 

Heading: something in particular and the suc
Content: 

Heading: cessful transference of that information
Content: 

Heading: the University might begin to see it
Content: 

Heading: self as a four year space of zig-zagging
Content: 

Heading: or of creating designs while in the pur
Content: 

Heading: suit of Truth.
Content: 

Heading: Another advantage of a General
Content: 

Heading: Major would be that it would force the
Content: 

Heading: students opting for that plan to consider
Content: 

Heading: very carefully how each course they
Content: 

Heading: select each semester fits into their plan
Content: 

Heading: of relevant knowledge at the moment.
Content: 

Heading: There will of course be objections
Content: 

Heading: that students might abuse the freedom.
Content: 

Heading: But the University might begin consider
Content: 

Heading: ing also that one person's "responsible
Content: 

Heading: inquiry" is another person's "abuse .
Content: 

Heading: The Doctor's Bag
Content: 

Heading: 11
Content: BUCKNELLIAN Editorial Board Meeting Friday 6:30 p.m., New Dorm Pit. By ARNOLD
    WERNER C 1970 CPS QUESTION: I have a problem which is of some concern to
    /**"  *"" struction booklet that came with my diaphram says that ' a ch ' ^
    have intercourse you must insert another applicator fullof spermicifiUU
    cream. I anticipate spending a long weekend with my boyfriend soon. and It
    strikes me L t there might arise a serious, if not > >> < most of the
    weekend is spent in bed, as I anticipate. Can y reasonable suggestions or
    solutions to this problem? I control piUs because they make me throw Up
    every tone I brush y Nor will I consider any other method of birth control.
    ANSWER: In this land of leisure and plenty, I should have known a was only a
    matter of time before I received a letter like your*. Your problem  clearly
    boils down to a matter of timing * A inserted within two hours of having
    intercourse and should be W t m place for at least six hours following
    intercourse. The instruction booklet you hdegave is essentially correct
    although intercourse occurring tw ice in suc cession shortly after insertion
    of the diaphram should not cause any dif ficulty Judicial behavior suggests
    an additional application of sperm icidal cream  (without removing the
    diaphram !) before m te rco ^ e  occurs agmm If you want to try a fourth tim
    e, you have your choice of using m ore cream  or having your boy friend use
    a condom. Many people make the mistake of not pacing them selves properly on
    a long weekend. Careful scheduling of sleep, eating, attendance to other
    physiological functions and cautious amounts of sun and exercise usually
    permit requisite six-hour post - intercourse interval to occur so that a pit
    stop for diaphram change and refueling can take place.

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: :GUEST COLUMN'
Content: 

Heading: The Senate: Why?
Content: _By ROBERT WENDEL; The students of this University have been betrayed b y jh e
    faculty and atoinistration. There is presently a document known to m ost stu
    dents here at good old Bucknell as " The Senate.

Heading: PS
Content: >> ' S m

Heading: S
Content: operation of the whole Bucknell c m >> >> >> << . From  the very first Faculty
    meeting on governance, it becam e ob- feem ed absurd from  the beginning
    that it sh^ J ^ e  a 2/3 m ajon ^ .

Heading: s r  r ' . i s . t s
Content: 

Heading: t:
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: pecting the state legislature to lower its own salaries. Then the day for the
    vote arrived. To the astonishment of almost everyone, ^ a lm ost passed. Of
    course by the t t a . r f the to rote the document was considerably watered
    down. Then J0<< was referred to a new committee, with the intention of
    making the whole thing m ore palatable for those who felt that the students
    w ereget- tin g too much. This new document is now with us, and all that U
    resem bles the original Council proposal much m ore than the Sen ^ The
    question now at hand is, does the fa u lty  pass the new pro- nosal sim ply
    so that " all that time isn't  wasted. Or do they shoot tins ont^down too .
    Furthermore, if it does accept the document wiU the ABS w ell In its present
    form , the Senate would simply be another ^ ^ b S u c r a t ic  middle-man,
    with the power to recommend to S o t o s ' faculty or the ABS, or both, for
    approval. Since many of those erther the faculty . itions m the two
    aforementioned groups, why on the Senate hold k e y ^  uons u. reaUy
    effective power, have the Senate at a

Heading: U
Content: - . directly to the President is established, with th e a b ility to r e c o
    {aculty,s p^ nt course. Not only that, in the what is the sen student
    participation is a fraud. In almost e^ery student could vote nay, (Continued
    on Page 3)

Heading: Abortion Rationale. .
Content: To the Editor: Mr. Vandegaer, I am  not convinced that a legiti mate connection
    exists between the haphazard, impersonality of na palm bombings and the
    thoughtful agreement of mother and doctor that now precedes legal abortions,
    but undoubtedly Mr. Vandegaer feels that abortion counselling is doing the
    students on this campus a severe disservice. I only suggest that he fam
    iliarize him self with a few facts of 1970 life as salient as the facts of
    life which make babies: 1. I suggest he read a few of the longitudinal
    studies on the lives of illegitimate children--o f their em o tional
    instability, their insecurity, total devastation that com es from  knowing
    you're unloved or unwanted by your parents. There is frightening evidence
    that this is a slow kind of murder in itself, this psychological suffering
    of a child as defenseless as a fetus, but far m ore sensitive and vulnerable
    to ir reparable, probably lifelong dam age. 2. Perhaps there is som e value
    in investigating the current debate among eminent doctors and scien tists as
    to exactly when the product of conception becom es a human be ing. Life
    begins at conception, but what kind of life? No one said with wholly em
    pirical proof when a fe tus is differentiated enough from other em broyonic
    form s or from the mother herself to be an in dividual, independent human
    being, having " all the rights of the al ready born."  (from  Mr. V's
    article last week) It is so far as a matter of religious and philosophical
    con jecture, which by no means is com pletely argeed upon. 3. One of the
    most reasonable de mands of Women's Lib. whatever your view of the overall
    movement might be, is to give women the right to decide if they want to be "
    enslaved"  (as som e put it) into pregnancy, child-raising, and the like.
    Who are you to deny us at least the choice to have an abortion on the other
    hand, to consider an abortion a murder -- in reality, a hard decision made
    by a woman whose mind and body are unques tionably geared to reproduction
    and " motherly love."  I can call up ab stractions like " The Population Ex
    plosion."  I can also abstract and ask the question: What does this child
    born today for that m atter, have to look forward to when he is an adult,
    say, in the year 2000? To m e, it is as inhumane, as you put it, to bring a
    child today into the world with the tremendous handi cap of unwantedness as
    it is to perm it the woman to legally decide not to have that child, whether
    she cannot afford it, is not emotionally mature enough to raise it, is not
    prepared to m arry the father, or sim ply wants her rightful freedom from
    child-raising ti live her own young life. Very sincerely, M argie Gough

Heading: . . . .  or Smply Stated
Content: To the Editor: To quote but the words of an an onymous Roman Catholic Priest:

Heading: I
Content: will consider the fetus a living be ing when they start having funer als for m
    iscarriages." John H. Kueffner l l i l

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: II
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: =FROM THE EDITOR'S DESK"
Content: it ultimately as " m urder,"  as wick ed as napalm? 4. There are three people be
    sides the unborn child involved in every " murder"  you point to, Mr.
    Vandagaer. There is a liscensed doctor (at least in New York State), and
    there are the mother and the father who have accidentally, through an act o
    f love (you may contest that if you like; for some of us it does exist at
    that) created a lifedong burden for themselves and for their relationship. I
    remind you of the " youth"  that marks this campus, of the immaturity of the
    relationships of many young adults who, nevertheless, hpve all the sex ual
    equipment and the expertise to make babies. Their lives and hap piness can
    be considered, too, don't you think, as worthy of human rights and freedom
    s? hi some cases, too, just what kind of a home are they going to be able to
    provide for a child, financially, em otionally, and so on? 5. Finally, I can
    wax as abstract ly m oralistic as you when you call

Heading: Athletics and the Senate
Content: By PAUL OSHER The editorial published in the October 2 BuckneUian concerning the
    expenditures of the University on intercollegiate athletics can not be
    ignored on the basis of a journalistic justification such as was presented
    by Dan M iller on page 6 in last Friday s paper. Th central point of the
    original editorial (which Dan seem s to have m issed) is that the University
    will have to reduce its expenditures over the next few years in order to
    remain solvent. In lieu of this fact it seems that $571,000 for athletics is
    a sum out of proportion to the budgets of the rest of the University. .
    Perhaps club football isn't the answer. Would an even larger investment in
    intercollegiate athletics produce greater alumni sup port financially? Does
    the present program  inhibit some alumni be cause they dislike our
    priorities? Should w e even waste our time bothering with the alumni since
    their contributions to the University, intellectually, spiritually and
    financially are minimal? Right now no one has the answer to those questions,
    and we should. The Athletics Department can not supply these figures to
    anyone's satisfaction. There is no bi-partisan study group making an effort
    to seek this information, and yet we are rushing head long toward a point in
    tim e whena decision will have to be made concerning such items. What Next?
    One might profit from  reading between the lines of the Uni versity Senate
    discussions. Watts and Zeller and other adminis trators and trustees have
    seen what happens at schools where there are no provisions made for the
    University to arrive at decisions concerning these touchy topics, hence
    their efforts to get some governing body established. The various interest
    groups (among which I would classify the Physical Education and the Intercol
    legiate Athletics Program  - inexorably linked) see the writing on the walL
    They have been living on traditions which nowdays have a tendency to yeild
    to rational thinking and econom ics. In an effort to exclude students from
    positions with decision making power, they hope to preserve their jobs.
    Their concerns are by no means picayune, and any decision that is m ade
    should take tte  lives and livlihoods of those it w ill effect into account.
    When considering alternatives Any changes that would be made within toe
    framework of athletics at toe University should be a part of a ia r^ r
    re-j^ructar- ing of the University. It would behoove toe University to
    define its objectives before instituting any new program s.

Heading: IHlf* PuttkneUiati
Content: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY Established 1897.
    Publlahed twice weekly| d u r l M c o U c g e

Heading: 4
Content: offlc? at Lewisbure, Pa. under the act ol March S, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK --  Business Manager
Content: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM ____ To review any Issue ^ ^ ''r^ ^ slW llty 6 Oat Is
    accorded the U nlverity.Jw teeat ? <<le a l when necessary as well aa P & t
    the new. with .ccum cy <<id  In-

Heading: Happenings
Content: 

Heading: iV o ^ e
Content: 

Heading: Mini-plan
Content: There will be an organizational meeting of the Jan Plan entitled. Community
    Development (Mim Plan) Wednesday at 4:45 p.m. m room 102A of Coleman hall. A
    com plete description of the Jan Plan is in the catalogue.

Heading: Dr. Spock
Content: * Dr. Benjamin Spock, pediatrician, best-selling author, and lecturer, wUl speak
    on " Dissent and Social Change"  at Susquehanna Universi ty's Chapel-
    Auditorium Wednesday evening, October 14, at 8:00 p.m.

Heading: Physics Film
Content: The physics film of the Feynman lecture entitled "The Law of Gravi tation,"
    will be shown Wednesday pight at 8:00 p.m. in the Audio Vis ual Aids
    Auditorium.

Heading: Blood
Content: The Red Cross Bloodmobile will toe campus Thursday October 29, from 10:45 a.m.
    to 4:45 p.m. The unit will be set up in Davis Gym unit n  to receive
    urgently needed donations.

Heading: Ride Book
Content: The House Council of New Dorm has set up a Ride Book for campus use. Anyone who
    needs a ride or can offer one should fill out a form in the book, which will
    be kept at the receptionist's desk in New Dorm Lobby

Heading: Slogan
Content: For a prize think of a slogan for the football game against Lafayet te. On
    Thursday, October 22, at 8:15 p m , there will be a pep-rally and sign
    contest. All haUgroups, houses, fraternities, sororities, any groups, or
    individuals are invited to enter. Appropriate prizes will be awarded based
    on ariginality of slogan and sign. Slogan must be given to Sue Unger (Box
    W-304) by Tuesday, October 20. Signs must be present ed at the pep-rally.
    juoouy.

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: 

Heading: London
Content: Seven reservations are still open on the January London Stage Tour. If
    interested, students or faculty should contact professor Orbison of
    Professor Payne. A $50. deposit is needed to reserve a place.

Heading: Peace Corps
Content: Mr. Paul Harrison, a member of ' toe Peace Corps, will be discussing bis
    experiences and the concepts of the Peace Corps School Partner ship Program,
    tonight in Coleman 101 B at 7:30.

Heading: Innovations
Content: Academic Innovations Committee (of A.B.S.) has openings for fresh men interested
    in the process of making education happen. For in- formation contact Karl
    Fritz, or sti Box B 168. Wednesday, October 14 Sorority Suites 6:30 p.m .
    Panhellemc Form al Teas Coleman Hall 102A 7:30 pirn! BiKknell-Russion series
    Film : "B oris ^ Aud Thursday, October 15 Cowan 1:00 p.m . Campus Club
    Luncheon Rooke Chapel

Heading: SS
Content: 

Heading: PS 2^
Content: 

Heading: - -  a * - PS . ,,  10ffl
Content: Union County Historical Society ldC^ * r  ^ ^ Classes of 1972 and 1973 Film :
    Vaughan Lit. Aud. " ICHTHUS"  (Inform al Worship) Rooke Chapel Friday,
    October 16 Meditation Chapel 6:30 p.m . Jewish Serw ces Vaughan Lit. Aud.
    8:00 p.m . Hilltop: Eight By g hemist,,  by Ben Jonson 8:30 p.m . Cap &
    Dagger. Th y Coleman Hall Theatre Saturday, October 17 Test Coleman Hall
    101B 8:00 a.m . M edical College Test

Heading: M
Content: Aud 8 00 a.m . Law School Admissions Test West Field "T ta A k to n W " < X * o
    * f * * * * * ' (Continued from  Page 2) and toe motion could pass, or vice
    versa. What is toe sense? It comes down to whether or not we, a . a really
    want coaperaUvc government. H I ^ t A p r i l ,

Heading: S fd S S  as*
Content: 

Heading: -5555
Content: 

Heading: ? \ S S i
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: u S
Content: 

Heading: 5
Content: University governance plan. Within two weens, xne is now in full operation. I r
    e f<< >>  to tell anyone on t Z S f E T J Z many people don't their right to
    attend classes (poor students would start bitching faculty should com e
    right out andTsay 5 f  i T

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: P
Content: t f  PS

Heading: PS
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: -- ^ dorms and study, and leave us alone." And the ABS? It might be nice if thjr
    W d th e s tu to ite -- they think about the ^ ^ r e r s i t j  as a c o ^ r
    S e  body, thinks of that this is exactly what toe t the part 0f the student
    5 5 *  r t S ?  ^ m ic k ^ m o u s e  tactics of amelioration w ill
    continue. 4:45 p.m . 7:30 p.m . 7:30 p.m . 8:00 p.m . 8:00 p.m . 9:00 p.m .

Heading: Black Studies
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) Recent grants to the University totalling $12 million
    dollars were also brought up as a possible source of funds for attracting
    black faculty members. Another plan for conserving funds at toe same time as
    openings were created was brought up in the form  of a sug gestion that
    departing faculty mem bers leave their positions specific ally to be filled
    by incoming black studies faculty members. "I  was angry w ith m y friend: I
    told m y wrath, 'my wrath did end.' -- Blake

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS
Content: m e e t in g 11:00 AJd. SUNDAY

Heading: Vaughan Lit library
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: .........
Content: 

Heading: FOR THE MAN WHO
Content: 

Heading: HAS EVERYTHING
Content: 

Heading: SASSAMAN'S MUSIC STORE
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: i r
Content: 

Heading: PIANOS --
Content: 

Heading: COMBO ORGANS
Content: 

Heading: AMPLIFIERS
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: GUITARS
Content: 

Heading: Other Stringed
Content: 

Heading: Instruments, Books and Most
Content: 

Heading: Musical
Content: 

Heading: Supplies
Content: 

Heading: PIANO TUNING SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: OPEN EVENINGS 4  TO 8 -
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAYS 1 TO 8
Content: tegrity. ______ r B M printing Co., 889 M arkst Straai. (88-4881 deg " "* 1 F
    CouraUaato B n *  Tutta. 884-1181

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 13, 1970

Heading: Freshmen & Off-Campus ABS
Content: 

Heading: Living
Content: 

Heading: Unit Representatives
Content: 

Heading: Freshmen and Off-Campus Stu
Content: 

Heading: dents interested in running for
Content: 

Heading: ABS Living Unit Representative
Content: 

Heading: Submit your name to --
Content: 

Heading: Box B 17 or call 3270
Content: 

Heading: bv Wednesday
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: Bison Booters Tie 2-2;
Content: 

Heading: Await Penn State, Rider
Content: 

Heading: Shazam!
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 11
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. OCTOBER 16. 1970
Content: 

Heading: Blue Dumps Davidson
Content: By BOB WENDEL "We played the best soccor game of the year against Colgate be
    tween the 18 yard lines, but we just couldn't put the ball into the net,"
    were the words of a very dejected Coach Reynolds, concern ing Saturday's 2-2
    tie with Colgate. " This was the same score as in last year's contest, but
    the games are not comparable at all. Last year Colgate gave us a real
    battle, but this year we completely dom inated the play, unfortunately it
    didn't show up in the score." Statistically, B. U. outshot the Red Raiders
    42-20, and Colgate had 17 goal kicks, to less than ten for the Herd. " I
    would say very conservately, that we missed at least six easy goals. The
    score could just as easily have been 5-1," explained Reynolds. The scoring
    was opened by the Bisons, as Steve Gentino scored on a hard shot during the
    second quarter, and as the half closed, B. U. led 1-0. In the third quarter
    Colgate went out in front on the strength of a throw in, which was
    converted, and a corner kick, on which the defense got its signals crossed,
    and the Raiders capitalized. B. U. was then forced to come from behind, and
    during the last quarter, Glenn Mars drilled the ball into the upper right
    com er of the net from the 18 yard line. Summing up the game, Reynolds said,
    " It was the most frustrating gam<<>> I've ever coached-we did everything
    better than they did, we just couldn't produce." This week the Bisons face
    Penn State, 2-1 on the year, at College Park on Wednesday, and Rider on
    Saturday home. Commenteng on the MAC stand ings, Reynolds explained that he
    felt that in order t owin the di vision, an undefeated season will be
    necessary, and he felt that the team to beat this year will be Dedaware. Jim
    Davenport shoots for goal from deep in left corner. By KEN DOAK A 5 yard
    touchdown pass from Howie Burke to Ed McDevitt late in the fourth quarter,
    and Dave Boyer's decisive extra point, gave the Bisons an upset win at David
    son Saturday. Time after time, BU refused to quit under pressure, and die
    result was a 21-20 victory that has to boost morale tremendously. The Herd
    exhibited a balanced attack, led by the rushing of Rich Diez (21 carries for
    92 yards) and Don Giacomelli (14 for 62), while the Wildcats put on an arial
    dis play with Mark Thompson passing for 405 yards. The first half was all
    Davidson, as Thompson consistently hit flank ers Rich Lyon and Mike Mikolay-
    unas, on well-timed sideline pat terns. However, the Bison defense was tough
    when it had to be, until the Wildcats got on the scoreboard late in the
    second quarted as Lyon made a diving TD grab.

Heading: Army, Cornell Down
Content: 

Heading: BU  Water Polo Club
Content: By MARK KNODERER The water polo club ventured to Cornell last weekend for their
    first big test of the season. They failed. Twin defeats at the hands of Army
    and Cornell overshadowed a romp over an outmanned Villanova squad. A
    dissaponited Dick Russell said " We failed to take the open shot when we had
    it. We did not react when we lost the ball, so Cornell and Army both had
    several fast

Heading: Frosh Gridmen Trampled
Content: 

Heading: By Cornell Big Red, 51-6
Content: By RICHARD VROON The freshmen gridmen sustained a crushing defeat Saturday, bow
    ing 51-6 to Cornell. The game was described by Bison Coach Bill Lane as
    quite unbelievable, and he felt his players were better than the score
    showed. All their attempts at drives were broken up by penalties, intercept
    ions, or some other error at just the wrong time. At one point, the Bisons
    were three yards away from a touch down but failed to score. Despite the
    fact that the Bisons fought hard to hold their ground, Cornell steadily kept
    scoring with their varied attack and superior size and speed. A few
    weaknesses showed up particularly well in the Saturday disaster. The
    defensive secondar-

Heading: JOAN OF ART
Content: 

Heading: BEAUTY SALON
Content: 

Heading: 212 Market St.
Content: 

Heading: 523-4875
Content: g tPig iaia iaiB ia re fa fEfaia ra fg iB ig fi ies showed a lack of experience,
    and the play-calling left something to be desired. Coach Lane also felt
    there was a lack of leadership on the field, with no one player taking
    charge of the team. Despite the loss, however, the coach had praise for the
    fine play of linebackers Daley and Spirk. The hope now for the freshmen
    gridders is to forget the Cornell loss and concentrate on the games ahead.
    Thursday's game against Blooms- burg is a key game which, if won, could put
    the freshmen team back on the right track for the remain ing three games.
    break goals." Army jumped into a quick 5-3 lead against the Bisons, and in
    creased it to 9-5 at halftime. After three quarters Army led 13-7, and the
    game looked like a rout. The club showed their mettle, however, and staged a
    furious comeback, outscoring Army 6-2 in the final quarter. A missed penalty
    shot in the closing minutes ended all Bis ons hopes, and the Cadets had
    earned a 15-13 victory. Against Cornell the club stayed even for one
    quarter, and then fell apart. The Big Red swam over and around the Bisons,
    and peppered goalie Jeff Capron with fast break shots. When the nightmare
    was over, Cornell had 22, Bucknell 10. After resting another hour, the club
    took out its frustration on a Villanova squad which was prob ably also
    feeling the effects of pre vious games. Paul Landes, Peter O'Keffe and Steve
    Winnings all racked up five goals, and the club rolled to a 24-2 win. Coach
    Russell observed the Army Cornell offenses and is instituting a new
    variation in the Bison offense, which stresses breaking across the pool in
    front of the goal rather than having a " hole" man there direct ing the
    attack. The results of the new strategy will be tested next Saturday when
    the club journeys to Penn State. The B.U. offense, silent in the first half,
    took the second-half kick off and quickly marched 79 yards, helped by John
    Gndrasik's 23 yard catch of a deflected pass and a pass interference call.
    Rich Diez crashed over from the 2, but the kick was wide. Davidson soon
    upped the margin to 14-6 as Thompson found Lyon on a 39 yard TD pass. But
    again BU bounced back. Giacomelli made a one-hand catch of a sprint-out pass
    mid rambled 34 yards down the left sideline, into Davidson territory.
    Following a costly clipping pen alty, halfback Greg Wright broke behind a
    Davidson linebacker, and took a perfectly thrown pass from Burke for a 31
    yard score. Bob Ciperson then caught a pass over the middle for the 2-point
    con version, and it was 14-14. The Herd quickly found them selves behind
    again. A 35 yard scramble by Thompson, and a pass interference call set up a
    4 yard TD strike to Lyon. However, the PAT attempt sailed wide to the left.
    The next nine minutes saw nei ther team able to mount a drive. An
    interception by C. B. Mansfield on the BU 25 stopped one bid, and a bad
    clipping call set back a long punt return by Gene Luccarelli. Davidson
    missed a 51 yard FG with 8:08 remaining, and the final drive to victory
    began. Burke, mixing his plays well, led a 6 minute march upfield, as BU
    came through in every clutch sit uation. A reverse to Ciperson, and his
    reception over the middle, gave the Bisons two key first downs. Two minutes
    later, Giacomelli bolted around right end for a first down on a fourth-and-1
    situation at the Wildcat 44. A 15-yarder to Jay Griffin, and several runs,
    left third and 5 yards to go at the 10. Burke then fought his way to a first
    down at the 5. Two plays later, he rolled right, and found McDevett all
    alone in the end zone. Boyer's PAT made it 21 - 20 . The defense then rose
    to the oc casion, as they forced a punt that allowed the Bisons to run out
    the clock. Coach Fred Prender had special praise for offensive linemen Art
    Wilkins, Tony Moretz, and Bob Rohrbaugh, and for Gene Depew and Mansfield of
    the defense. The win, he said, was " the biggest.# we've had since I've been
    here."

Heading: I I
Content: 

Heading: TPie JEuckntIlian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Senate Document Faces Crucial Faculty Test
Content: 

Heading: Haggerty Leads Herd as
Content: 

Heading: Harriers Override Rider
Content: By DAVE COULTER The Bison cross country squad demolished Rider, 16-47, Saturday
    afternoon, capturing eight of the first ten positions. The 5.1 mile race got
    off to a fast start as the Rider team jump ed into the lead positions, which
    they held for the first mile. Then the Bison runners steadily moved up
    through the pack taking one of the opposition at a time until they acquired
    the formation of the finish - 1, 2, 3, 4. The first four on the Big Blue
    squad finished within 20 seconds of one another, a fine team effort. ^
    Finishing first was Tom Haggerty who bettered the old record by 31 seconds
    with a 28:49. Following him for the Blue were Batram, Lucas, Ledgerwood, Lam
    er, Hydock and Francel. The fresh- man-ladened team showed a great
    improvement over its time trial marks, indicative of the efforts made in
    practice. Coach Gulden was markedly pleased with the improvement which his
    young team showed and has now set his sights on the meet with Juniata and F
    & M Wednes day.

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Buy Her A Pizza
Content: 

Heading: FOR HER BIRTHDAY
Content: 

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: Watch Repairing & Engraving
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: Menu-
Content: 

Heading: PLAIN
Content: 

Heading: WITH EXTRA CHEESE
Content: 

Heading: MEATBALL
Content: 

Heading: PEPPERONI
Content: 

Heading: SAUSAGE
Content: 

Heading: MUSHROOMS
Content: Small (12" )

Heading: $1.60
Content: 

Heading: $1.80
Content: 

Heading: $1.80
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: Lge (16" )

Heading: $2.45
Content: 

Heading: $2.80
Content: 

Heading: $2.80
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY'S AT 523-9251 TO PLACE ORDER.
Content: 

Heading: ALL ORDERS C. O. D.
Content: 

Heading: ______ ___
Content: 

Heading: PS A M P U S
Content: ____

Heading: WHATS PLAYXNGT
Content: ------

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: r a iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiim iiiiiiH iuHuninnm iH HH iiiuuiM m
    uuiuiiuuiiiiiUiiiiiniii.nm nun>>>>^.^...-- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - y

Heading: Laura Nyro
Content: 

Heading: STARTING WEDNESDAY
Content: 

Heading: Rom e.
Content: 

Heading: Before Christ.
Content: 

Heading: After Fellini.
Content: 

Heading: in concert
Content: 

Heading: Classy-Fyed i ^
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: .^  October 24
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe. Legal (N.Y.) and Inexpen sive. Please call
    Mr. Lews. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. AH in quiries c o n fid e n t ia
    l. ________

Heading: MAYSER CENTER
Content: 

Heading: FRANKLIN & MARSHALL COLLEGE
Content: 

Heading: 8:30
Content: 

Heading: p.m.
Content: 

Heading: HELP
Content: W A N T E D -- Reliable person for child care and optional tight housework
    Children ages 6 & 9. Late afternoon and/or evenings. Call 524-2785 after 4
    p.m.

Heading: Tickets
Content: 

Heading: $4.50
Content: t h e

Heading: BUCKNELLLAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: OCTOBER 13, 1970

Heading: 1  MAIL
Content: ORDERS:--  Chek or Money order Payable to Student p 1  Union Board, Franklin &
    Marshall College, Lancaster, Pa. 17604 | For more information call
    717-393-3621 iii[iimiiiiiimiiiii[iiiiimmi>>iiniiiiiai>>iiiiiiiiiiii]iiii>>iB
    mmm "There is no end, no beginning. There U only the infinite passion of Me.
    'v -F E L L IN I -------------

Heading: / An ALBERTO GRIMALDI Prediction
Content: 

Heading: 'FELLINI SATYRJCON
Content: # '  (English Subtitles)

Heading: Feature Times 7:00 --  9:10
Content: 

Heading: Vote Due Monday
Content: By PAMELA MAY With its " restructured core," the University Senate Proposal once
    again will be subject for evaluation on the floor of the Faculty Mon day.
    The new document, according to John A. Peeler, Professor of Po litical
    Science, one of four com mittee members who revised the proposal, involves a
    " rethinking of policy-making and budgetary pro- cess." It differs from the
    original pro posal in that while the Senate re tains all power over the
    Universitp budgeting and fiscal matters, in 's structional program has been
    put in the hands of the Faculty. " In the early proposals," ex plained
    Professor Peeler, " the wording was both legally and prac tically
    inefficient: it made it ap pear like the Senate would be leg islating. The
    Board of Trustees and

Heading: ABS Plan Endorses
Content: 

Heading: Activities in Politics
Content: . The ABS has endorsed a pro posal that would allow students who wanted to, to
    take a week off from classes to campaign for candidates for public offices.
    The plan, brought up by Bob Nascfain, was termed " a watered down Princeton
    Plan." It " allows the individual to par take in local and congressional
    'campaigns and does not commit the University to any political ac tivity,"
    said Naschin. The ABS recommendation will be sent to the Secretary of the
    Uni versity. It states that the students who wish to participate in a
    political activity as an exercise of civic re sponsibility would be allowed
    to take a one week recess, October 27 to November 3 prior to the Novem ber
    election. The motion continues, " That any student who wishes to partake in
    this plan must be granted an in complete upon dequest realizing that his
    academic responsibilities must be completed by the end of (Continued on Page
    5) President legally have that power, specific formal duties and rights,
    which they cannot and would not wish to relinquish. It must be re membered
    that any campus body, including the Faculty, is only ad vising the trustees.
    However, the Board of Trustees is usually ex pected to assume a passive
    role, and tends to accept most recom mendations." The new document more pre
    cisely delineates the areas of con cern of each body, the Senate be ing the
    recommending body in budget and financial affairs, and the Faculty assuming
    a like role in academic affairs. Professor Peeler believes, " The division
    of power is more consis tent than in the document defeated in May; it
    remains less ambiguous. The primary question then was where the prerogatives
    of the Fac ulty ended and those of the Senate began." "The students are
    concerned," recognized Professor Peeler, " with not having significant
    impact on University policy. They often don't realize how much power
    budgetary power grants them." " Both the Faculty and Senate," continued
    Peeler, " will gain sub stantially in influence over Uni versity policy. The
    Senate will de termine the over-all picture of re sources, that is how they
    are ob tained and spent -- the size of budgeting to the instruction pro gram
    for example as opposed/to the athletic department or physical plant. "The
    Faculty will allocate the money allowed by the Senate for academic matters,
    that is the Li brary, faculty salaries, the com puter center, and so forth."
    To direct the instructional pro gram, the Faculty structure pro vides for a
    Committee of Academic Policy and Resources. This body of eighteen would
    contain three stu dents, as now written. " It will serve,"  outlined Profes
    sor Peeler, " as the cirriculum com mittee of the University Faculty for the
    entire University. It will consider matters of educational policy not dealt
    with by the indi vidual colleges, for example, the grading system, or
    whether to ac cept a new department (as may be the case in Black Studies).
    The ad ministration has been dominant in this area in the past." "The Senate
    then becomes the central representative body in gen eral planning of the
    University, advising the trustees on general policies and resources." Peeler
    further specified, " The Faculty retains the last word in in structional
    proceedings. This is justifiable for within a University it is the faculty's
    function to super vise the academic program: this is what we are here for.
    This does not mean that other points of view (Continued on Page 5)

Heading: Students Propose Amendments
Content: By JERRY CHEN A motion developed by Bob Nasc hin, Russ Pais and Jack Hart to
    propose amendments to the Senate proposal was endorsed by the ABS and will
    be brought up at the fac ulty meeting Monday. " We should definitely bring
    these amendments out for discussion, not necessaidly for a vote by the
    faculty. I don't think we know where each other stands, said

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: !#I
Content: 

Heading: SMS
Content: 

Heading: H
Content: it doesn't look like gold to me! Subtle (Charlie Pollock) and Face (Stuart
    White) star in Cap and Dagger's production THE Jonson, at 8:30 p.m. tonight,
    tomorrow, and three tunes during Parents Weekend.

Heading: 'Alchemist' Cast Features
Content: 

Heading: Role-Changing Characters
Content: By BARB FETHEROLF What are the things an audience should look for in Cap and Dag
    ger's production of The Alchemist this weekend and next? The play is a fast-
    moving period comedy written in 1610 by Ben Jon son. The comedy is satirical
    in na ture; the audience should look for the way Jonson pokes fun at his
    characters, who abound with greed and hypocrisy. The play, directd by Dennis
    Baumwoll, professor of English, is

Heading: Athletic Support
Content: 

Heading: Bison Club Contributes Funds
Content: By ERIC RIESS The Executive Committee of the Bison Club has announced plans to
    donate $26,000 to aid the Uni versity's intercoUegiate athletic program. In
    a letter sent to all 911 mem bers of the alumnae group, the ex ecutive
    committee announced plans to donate money for such varied items as lights
    for the soccer field and an unrestricted $5,000 scholar ship to a deserving
    student. The lights for the soccer field are currently under construction
    and according to director of ath letics, Robert A. La tour, " should be
    ready by the beginning of next week." The lighting will allow the ** soccer
    team to practice into the early evening hours during day light savings time.
    The lighting will cost approxi mately $2,400 and will be paid for over a two
    year period. A resolution adopted by the ex ecutive committee renamed their
    annual gift to the University's scholarship endowment fund the John H. Shott
    Memorial Bison Club Scholarship Fund, in memory of John H. Shott, the late
    director of alumni relations and secretary to the club. This year's $5,000
    gift brings to $25,000 the amount of money that the club, made up of alumni
    and friends of the University who have a special interest in intercollegiate
    athletics, has donated to the Uni versity since 1966. Other items on the
    budget are the first $5,000 of a $25,000 com mittment given to improve the
    locker room facilities on the west side of Memorial Stadium. The fa cilities
    are being used by the visiting team during football sea son. The club budget
    allocates $3035 to purchase a 38 foot square wrestling mat. The Resilite mat
    has been ordered according to Latour and should be arriving on campus within
    the next few weeks. The final item costing over $1,000 is a donation to the
    athletic department to aid in recruiting ath letes. This includes $1400 for
    foot ball, $300 for wrestling and la crosse, and $100 each for soccer, golf,
    track, and swimming, for a total of $2400. Other goals include a golf
    driving net, 10 hurdles for the track team, two instructional films for
    soccer and lacrosse and a recruiting film for the football program, as well
    as money for several invitational track meets in which the winter track team
    will participate, and the annual senior awards banquet sponsored by the club
    each year. This year's allocations show an increase of $3,700 over last year
    s budget. In the past the club has purchas- (Continued on Page 5) a "
    straight"  production, and re flecting the straight interpretation will be
    the detailed, conventional set, i( designed by Jim Lyons tech nical director
    of the theatre), and the elaborate Elizabethan costumes, which were
    specially ordered. Most of the actors are new, with seven freshmen among the
    cast of eighteen. The three major actors, though are experienced, and have
    appear ed often on the University stage. Snoozy White, Charle Pollock, and
    Sandi Martin play the roles of the servant Face, the alchemist Subtle, and
    the prostitute Doll Commons, respectively. There are several unusual fea
    tures about The Alchemist, one of which is to be found in the plot--the
    changing of roles among the three major characters. One should look for a
    plot which centers around the scheming efforts of the accomplices Subtle,
    Face, and Doll Commons to make a profit off of gullible individuals. To do
    so, they offer a service in which they claim the power to change metal to
    gold and to tell fortunes. Upon (Continued on Page 5) Bob Naschin, ABS
    treasurer. "The sponsors of the motion are not go^ ing to press the faculty
    to vote. The amendment proposal, will be presented by William A. Cooper
    professor of economics who has agreed to bring it on the floor. However, he
    does state that Al though I do not necessairly endorse these amendments, it
    seems to me that these views should receive consideration." Naschin said, "
    We have to find some way that students can ex press their opinions on the
    Uni versity Senate proposal. If we can come to the faculty meeting with a
    list, there could be a definite compromise with the conference committee."
    Hart, the junior class president added, " If there is no room for
    compromise, we should consider if we are wasting valuable time on this
    proposal." After discussion on the amend ments, ABS voted unanimously to
    accept the nine amendments, On student eligibility for Senate membership,
    the amendment reads that the GPA should be lowered to 2.0. The amendment to
    the amend ment was passed 13-0. Nashin said, " We should not dic tate who
    should run. Things like this, we should get it out in the open' the point is
    not to revolu tionize the Senate. We've been very silent about the proposal.
    Some faculty members think we love the document since we haven't said
    anything." Hart added, "The faculty seems to be begging for a student
    response. We're going down to the last vote and we still haven't said
    anything where we can show we have mixed feelings about the document. These
    (Continued on Page 5)

Heading: H P
Content: 

Heading: iaJi'SS
Content: Dave Lacy, ABS president, con ducts dissussion at Wednesday night's ABS meeting.
    The ABS endorsed recommendations for amendments to the Senate and a 'watered
    lown Princeton Plan'. (photo by Ed Marston)

Heading: University Receives Grants from Foundations,
Content: 

Heading: Uses Money for Increases in Faculty Salaries
Content: Announcement has been made by the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation of New York City
    of the award to the University of a $200,00 grant for faculty support,
    mainly in the area of humanities. The University has received an
    unrestricted grant of $25,000 from the United States Steel Foundation. The
    grant is one of 25, ranging from $15,000 to $100,000, made to colleges and
    universities by the U. S. Steel Foundation for major- purpose or capital
    needs. In addition to capital grants to talling $545,000, the Foundation's
    aid-to-education program in 1970 includes an additional $1,604,700 in grants
    for operating expenses, gradlate-level fellowships, educa tional
    organizations and associa tions, and manpower development. In announcing the
    program of support to the private sector of the nation's dual system of
    educa tion, Edwin H. Gott, chairman of the Board of Trustees of the U. S.
    Steel Foundation, pointed up the vital importance of raising the qua lity
    and improving the effective ness of both teaching and learning in America,
    as well as providing educational opportunities in higher education for all
    capable youth who sincerely seek such opport unities. The University is one
    of 15 pri vate, independent liberal arts col leges listed by the Foundation
    as recipients of Mellon Support Awards. According to the Foundation an
    nouncement, the award may be used for such matters as salary in creases,
    additions to faculty and paid release time as determined by the colleges,
    but may not be (Continued on Page 5) iii>>P'|)|||9l'',ir'~~'rrM' .
    >>>>'i''''.'' '  ' -

Heading: ! M
Content: 

Heading: l
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: lEEE|j
Content: iMlMMIMMMH #aMMHHMaMHMMMMHMEIH MMMMfnMHMMMMMMHMMRMM'MM

Heading: The Senate's Deficiencies
Content: 

Heading: There are serious shortcomings in
Content: 

Heading: the University Senate and Faculty Re
Content: 

Heading: organization proposals n0^  under con
Content: 

Heading: sideration by the faculty. These efforts
Content: 

Heading: by the University at restructuring itself
Content: 

Heading: are subject to both general and specific
Content: 

Heading: criticism.
Content: 

Heading: Opinions concerning the purpose,
Content: 

Heading: goal or direction of the University are
Content: 

Heading: widely divergent. Nevertheless, we sense
Content: 

Heading: the need for the (University to begin to
Content: 

Heading: define its raison d'etre in concrete terms.
Content: 

Heading: The question of how-to-do-it-equitably
Content: 

Heading: then arises, hence the impetus for the
Content: 

Heading: establishment of a University Senate.
Content: 

Heading: The Senate in its present form,
Content: 

Heading: however, will not serve the needs of the
Content: 

Heading: University. The document dated October
Content: 

Heading: 9 preserves the Faculty as the elite
Content: 

Heading: ing class on issues that require the at
Content: 

Heading: tention of the entire University com
Content: 

Heading: munity.
Content: 

Heading: _T.
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: 'The Student as Nigger*
Content: 

Heading: Before students can ever consider
Content: 

Heading: the Senate document, some very basic
Content: 

Heading: changes will have to be effected. The
Content: 

Heading: most important alterations to be made
Content: 

Heading: in the document concerns its attitude to
Content: 

Heading: ward students in general. In matters
Content: 

Heading: that are of University-wide importance
Content: 

Heading: students are relegated insignificant sta
Content: 

Heading: tus. One gets the distant feeling that the
Content: 

Heading: Faculty is seeking to minimize student
Content: 

Heading: participation in the governing of the
Content: 

Heading: University. This elitist tendency is most
Content: 

Heading: blatant in the division of labor between
Content: 

Heading: the Senate and Faculty on matters con
Content: 

Heading: cerning "the development and the
Content: u s e  o x

Heading: financial resources and physical facilities
Content: 

Heading: and the priorities and assumptions guid
Content: 

Heading: ing these programs."
Content: 

Heading: With the exception of the Faculty s
Content: 

Heading: Committee on Elections and Membership
Content: 

Heading: (the analogue of the ABS Congress m
Content: 

Heading: the Senate document), all Faculty com
Content: 

Heading: mittees should have appropriate student
Content: 

Heading: representation. Where student interests
Content: 

Heading: are of primary concern to a committee,
Content: 

Heading: students should have a dominant role. In
Content: 

Heading: all other cases the number of students
Content: 

Heading: on each committee should approximate
Content: 

Heading: the same proportion as the number ot
Content: 

Heading: student members on the Senate proper.
Content: 

Heading: The Faculty Committee on Aca
Content: 

Heading: demic Policy and Resources (as seen m
Content: 

Heading: the Proposal for Reorganization pffacu-
Content: 

Heading: ty Committees, p. 1) should either be
Content: 

Heading: eliminated or reduced to rcpor^ng to the
Content: 

Heading: Senate Committee on General Policy and
Content: 

Heading: Resources. In any event, its student
Content: 

Heading: membership should be increased to b
Content: 

Heading: out of 18 committee members.
Content: 

Heading: It is essential that review of Ath
Content: 

Heading: letic Department activities be included
Content: 

Heading: under the jurisdiction of a Senate com
Content: 

Heading: mittee. We propose that such responsi
Content: 

Heading: bilities be delegated to the Senate Com
Content: 

Heading: mittee on Student Life.
Content: 

Heading: Necessary Revisions
Content: 

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: Student representation is dealt with
Content: 

Heading: erratically throughout the entire pro
Content: 

Heading: posal. We cannot accept the present
Content: 

Heading: Senate document unless student repre
Content: 

Heading: sentation is raised to five (5) out ot
Content: 

Heading: sixteen (16) on the Committee on Gen
Content: 

Heading: eral Policy and Resources. 9 n. a com'
Content: 

Heading: mittee as important as this, it is essen
Content: 

Heading: tial that student opinion be adequately
Content: 

Heading: represented.
Content: 

Heading: The Committee of Arbitration is
Content: 

Heading: equally insulting. If it is even main
Content: 

Heading: tained wthin the document it must be
Content: 

Heading: increased to five (5) members to include
Content: 

Heading: the Associate Secretary of the Senate
Content: 

Heading: and the Vice-President of the ABS.
Content: 

Heading: Student qualifications for Senate
Content: 

Heading: membership cannot be considered with
Content: 

Heading: in the purview of this document.
Content: 

Heading: All
Content: 

Heading: students enrolled full-time in the regular
Content: 

Heading: academic program of the University
Content: 

Heading: should be eligible for the seven at-large
Content: 

Heading: positions on the Senate. No further cri
Content: 

Heading: teria are justified (see Proposal for a
Content: 

Heading: Senate, p. 4, paragraph 2). There are
Content: 

Heading: many students experienced m the work
Content: 

Heading: ings of the University, well qualified for
Content: 

Heading: Senate membership, who do not fall
Content: 

Heading: within the categories stipulated in the
Content: 

Heading: document. To exclude them from ^ eligi
Content: 

Heading: bility because they have not previously
Content: 

Heading: worked on committees or the ABS Con
Content: 

Heading: gress would be a grave error, and it
Content: 

Heading: would limit the number and hetero
Content: 

Heading: geneity of potential candidates.
Content: 

Heading: As regards the Ratification and
Content: 

Heading: Amendment procedures, future amend
Content: 

Heading: ments by the Congress of the ABS (p.
Content: 

Heading: 10, no. 3) should be proposed by a ma
Content: 

Heading: jority vote as is the case in Stage Two
Content: 

Heading: (p. 9) under Student Ratification of the
Content: 

Heading: Senate.
Content: 

Heading: In conclusion, unless the Faculty
Content: 

Heading: considers the above revisions, we feel
Content: 

Heading: that the Senate document will not meet
Content: 

Heading: the needs of the community.
Content: 

Heading: Paul Osher
Content: 

Heading: Jack Schmidt
Content: 

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: :THE SIDESHOW=
Content: 

Heading: Manson in Hollywood
Content: 

Heading: _______
Content: By DAVID WEINBERGER;

Heading: Letters Discuss SIS and Abortion Rationale
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: i C
Content: 

Heading: / l / l / V
Content: 

Heading: I U
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: M . ,, ,s a tea ,h,t a substant
Content: 

Heading: The SIS
Content: > the Editor: Although I am writing in re- >>nse to Koenard Vandegaer's large of
    murder, my letter has a icond more important purpose tat of stressing the
    need for ad- piate information and understand- ig concerning the abortion
    issue nd the Student Information Ser- vice. First let me make clear that
    this is a personal response. No one person can speak in behalf of the

Heading: SIS
Content: at this point. The "organiza tion" is less than two weeks old, and as an
    organization it is purely in the development stage. Right now it consists of
    concerned indi viduals working together to try to meet needs of students
    whose prob-

Heading: \t
Content: 

Heading: ^ttthnelltan
Content: m C IA L  STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL. COMMUNITY E^bllshedlSO T A b a
    t e d  C o lg ate Annual

Heading: V
Content: i m ** >>*>>* m i r <<

Heading: E' S
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: i S
Content: 

Heading: <<
Content: 

Heading: " -  -
Content: 

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK -- Business Manager
Content: lems are not presently being dealt with. The SIS as yet has not fully
    expliciated its purpose, has not formulated any specific "counsel ing
    techniques," has taken no moral stance as a group on abor tion (or any other
    issue), and has named no person as its head (nor does it intend to). It is a
    coopera tive effort of individuals trying to provide (1) a centralized
    "infor mation bank" as efficiently as pos sible and (2) some sort of
    informal method to help students deal with a personal crisis, with the inten
    tion of being person-oriented as well as problem-oriented. I am sur prised
    that anyone can at this point praise or condem the SIS when its structure
    and purpose have not (Continued on Page 3) It is very strange to sit and
    watch a movie for two hours and to be able to accept it as real. Fortunately
    we don't. But unfortunately We don't accept it as real for if we did, we w
    ould rush out of to e a w g e when King Kong raised his arms to get us. We
    do accept it as real be cause when we walk out of the theatre we confuse the
    picture with real

Heading: life."
Content: If man lives by myth, and if by myth is meant not fables or fictions but ways of
    viewing the world, and if Hollywood is the igreate ment of American myths,
    then these myths are failing us. v>> Hollywood speaks in terms of repeated
    situations. Thethemes are sDarce OTiginality of situations even rarer.
    Hollywood repeats ^ n l  it is telUne us of very basic motifs of our lives
    (this is to Holly- w o ^'s^econon^advantage^for we like movies in which we
    recognme patterns from our own lives). These basicm oW sareoram ytos. J b e
    ^ themselves may vary, but the presuppositions of the plots and tne worm
    thaUhepTots inhabU are patterns of thought that we recognize as our own.
    living in Cliches The trouble comes when we begin to see these myths as
    fictions. We mi cpp our world, our situation, as a world with a cerxam uses
    tttal * << * >> .  But it d<*. >>  M

Heading: E
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: wa tec>>(tm) a >> a <<  ot It and l.<< h  at it. Our laughter at HoBy* wood
    makes us laugh at our own lives. Part of the problem is created by our
    realization that movies are not l 0 ^  fictions With the realization we
    throw out the ^ v  h ^ a t  H o l l S  gives us as fictions. But we need
    these myths to i S t u r e o u r  w X , and what results when the myths
    explode can be seen around us everyday. When the Myths Explode An extreme
    example of the kind of confusion that can result can be seen by looking at
    "Alice's Restaurant." Arlo from the real town of Stockbridge where a real
    Alice and Ray BrocK uve in a real church. But then they all became
    fictionalized through the song and movie of "Alice's Restaurant." We
    believed the movie enough to give life to the fictional Alice, Ray and Arlo,
    and we believed the fiction enough to transform the real people into
    something somewhat fictional. Alice Brock played a bit part in the movie
    while a"0* 61 played her. Whatrould she have been thinking as she watched a
    stranger K n d  to be her while she pretended to be someone else? When the
    pretend w oe ctnckhridae and rebuilt Alice's restaurant ana X X l o f
    Arlo's old crowd came back to hang around and act, what<M &e W e

Heading: S
Content: think was going on? All of a sudden, a P f  of the town was living in a past a
    few years gone. Did the townspeople begin to fieve that in the past the real
    Alice's Restaurant was surrounded by

Heading: !camera crews?
Content: All of this leads us up to the more subtle problem of the Manson trial. Manson
    in a Screen World Their is something deficiently weird about the Manson
    affair lt's not t h e S t  L S S  of hi, family << << ic e  h o . virtue of
    family life, the same Time Magazine praised

Heading: The
Content: Band for). No. it's the incredible mixture of fantasy and reality in the trial.
    Manson and his group slaughtered (probably) a group of movie actors and
    actresses. Actors and movies Uve in between reality and fant" ^ They are of
    course real people which is why one cannot smile when talk ing of Manson,
    but in another sense they are not. They build a ^orid on a

Heading: scre^
Content: and live in it, as the rest of us build a world in "real Ufe and five

Heading: toft
Content: Actors of course also have their real world, but they diaracter- ize themselves
    as actors they are putting more emphasis on the screen w o r l i T S  an
    actor" means "I am not like you, for niy part m Ufe has already been written
    out." A good actor Uves m a world that is archetypal,yin a world that we all
    live in actuaUy, a world on to which we've hung our personal effects to call
    it individual.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sprats Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: BILL UVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: __ , , ... he th .t Is eeeo rM a In a free society -- -- auditory when
    appropriate, inly of the authors. ^ A l l  letters m ust be signed and typed
    double-spaced: however, names nav ha w ithheld upon request.

Heading: to
Content: 

Heading: & i2PSL V 5S 2?
Content: 

Heading: <<*" *
Content: and offensive language. j- ,|., p-MfeBg co., SM Market Street, 111 t ill

Heading: r GoSSSsfi
Content: Brad Tufts. B4-UI1

Heading: >AGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: OCTOBER 16, 1970
Content: time to cram and cram again-to know what color microscopes they use at desk
    numero 3 (you're 8?too bad.) to know the names of trivia (to memorize the
    sun and the moral) to know The Truth through trivia-by datifying up your
    mind C.P. Bio - what a waste sam warns you to refrain it doesn't stand for
    what you think it's concentrated pain.

Heading: Anyone who kills is denying the real world and living in toe
Content: 

Heading: screen
Content: 

Heading: world To deny someone alse's life is very basically to deny aU hfe, to
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: L .
Content: 

Heading: _ reai thing To kill you must live in a bad movie. You
Content: 

Heading: y >> <<  i
Content: 

Heading: "
Content: 

Heading: tim a h a r S <<  portrayed by an a<<or. a , a
Content: 

Heading: fiction.
Content: 

Heading: So Manson is also an actor, a screen person, killing another screen
Content: 

Heading: p e m n .T iT iS e iL .T p e e a la te  why. All we can do now ia to a<<e >>bat
Content: 

Heading: happens next.
Content: 

Heading: The media got hold of Manson, and now we are all in his mdegv"-;JJ?e
Content: 

Heading: shocked witnesses, the angry townsfolk with pitchforks out to get Frank
Content: 

Heading: enstein's monster.
Content: 

Heading: Reading about something in the media generally adds a touch degf un
Content: 

Heading: reality3 We*usually feel no real connection with yhich we read ^
Content: 

Heading: ut-
Content: 

Heading: S S K d i 5 ? Y U P ,  turn toe page. But Manson adds a new dimensron
Content: 

Heading: because his act itself was only half real.
Content: 

Heading: It's not necessary to add toe usually elements of unreality: theJudge
Content: g i J g

Heading: r a c u l T l S c  signs to toe Bailiff, Linda Kassabm  a
Content: 

Heading: <<
Content: 

Heading: fhe'<< a murderer to be rewarded with immunity if she 11 implicate Man-
Content: 

Heading: S I  Ndeg
Content: 

Heading: K c PS a t ^ T d o r o a l  to U >> *  ol os who tt--  that J u o to
Content: 

Heading: in America is real, which seems to be very few of us.
Content: Nixon: A Loveable Actor

Heading: And then toe final touch. Nixon jumps headfirst m totoem ovieW ho
Content: 

Heading: t o  anyth!<<
Content: 

Heading: "
Content: 

Heading: claimed that statement was an accident. It doesnt matter, wnais im
Content: 

Heading: portant is that he also explained it as a result of being fired up by John'
Content: 

Heading: Wayne in "Chisum."
Content: 

Heading: Now this is toe Nixon we know, the one who said "Sock it to me" <<!1
Content: 

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: our own loveable actor without reality. And toe Presi-
Content: 

Heading: SS
Content: 

Heading: te
Content: 

Heading: iS SXrlSi
Content: 

Heading: l e t  performance
Content: 

Heading: to
Content: 

Heading: our own << term * .
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: S d  Nixoo in such *  bad actor that 1*
Content: 

Heading: be really is toe president. Kennedy was so much better at that.
Content: 

Heading: There you have it. Nixon is Manson, doing it to toe flickering-image
Content: 

Heading: VietCong instead of to Sharon Tate Movie Star who was probably more
Content: 

Heading: eight-by-ten glossy than flesh.
Content: But we elected Nixon in our television set election booths, and , . * cm, creak
    to the astronauts on the moon. Captain Richard

Heading: w
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: t o " p T ir S e . Do you read m e?" With a d e c << !<<

Heading: m g . a
Content: Beanie, and atom ic m issies. (Continued from Page 2) been defined and its
    program as

Heading: an organization
Content: are not yet under way. I feel that toe Bucknellian articles were extremely
    mislead ing in this respect (through no fault of the editors or reporters).
    Your letter, Koenrad, should be directed

Heading: not
Content: to the

Heading: SIS
Content: but to those individuals, (whether or not they are associated with SIS) who are
    providing information concerning abortion. As one of those indivi duals,
    then, I would like to respond to your cry of ''murder." Unwanted pregnancies
    have al ways been a problem - our social "double standard" has generally
    held toe woman responsible, while leaving to her male partner the choice of
    whether or not he wants to accept his share of this respon sibility. Now,
    the availibility o. safe abortion presents the woman with a choice also, but
    this altern ative does not at all provide a way to avoid responsibility.
    Abortion is never a light matter or an "easy way out" for the woman
    involved. But the decision of whether or not to terminate the pregnancy
    right fully belongs only to toe woman land to her partner if he is con
    sulted). Anyone outside the situa tion who calls this woman (and/or people
    provide the means of abor tion) a murderer, is blinded by his or her own
    moral beliefs and total ly unjustified in the attempt to play God or
    conscience in another per son's life. The accusation itself strikes a
    psychic blow potentially as destructive as a physical slash of the wrists.
    Indeed, let us speak of murder . . . Assuming that those who speak of murder
    know its definition (to kill or slaughter inhumanly), I would ask whether it
    is not mur derous to demand that a woman bear a child against her will. What
    of life remains for toe mother whose present position makes her incapable
    for responsibly caring for a child - whether in terms of emotional
    instability, financial in- feasibility, or moral objection to bringing a
    child into a strife-tom, already-over-populated world? Take away hopes and
    dreams for a future, make a person continually live his past "sins" and tell
    me what of living remains. "The child lives," you cry. Yes, let us speak of
    an unwanted child . . "Egg plus sperm equals life" is a personal moral
    judgement which one person has no right to impose upon the individual who
    believes that this "life" is not the equival ent of human existence. But
    never theless, consider the creation that you say "has all the rights of the
    already born." What are these rights you speak of? Life? Liberty? Happiness?
    What kind of life do you condem this child to - the life of a "mistake"
    accepted reluctant ly by the mother? How free, how happy, can a child be in
    a situation

Heading: : Dare
Content: Tdeg if e if to a t the message expressed on Page 21 of our September 26 f o o
    tU f ir S a x i is certainly worth reading and I would appreciate you
    misidertog printing this in THE BUCK N EIX im ^ Robert A. Latour Director of
    Athletics J t o e X i X o S S i c

Heading: Trials. Having finished second in
Content: th e

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: meter
Content: 

Heading: fJ L T n  1960 at Rome, he was a top candidate for
Content: " o m i T

Heading: V SL
Content: !

Heading: X
Content: ; -

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: k
Content: 

Heading: ing in action.)
Content: 

Heading: ,3
Content: 

Heading: E
Content: 

Heading: s S B
Content: 

Heading: '  Sr-rs
Content: Misters and agony of running were simply and irrevocabty wiped .

Heading: But I tried- 1 would much rather fail knowing I had put forth
Content: ""X X n o T t e  X t h i t  X r y o n f  ^ 'capable of making the Olympic ^ 1S 1
    ,

Heading: f
Content: n paDable of trying to make your own per-

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: 5
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: - P
Content: school dropouts, excessive toe Olympic Games, grabbing it; tMs year my face.

Heading: - ES
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: something in my f a v o r ^ s te e a n d ^ f to m a n s our

Heading: an
Content: inspirational meaning to me in and endurance

Heading: - ! A
Content: 

Heading: K
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: s
Content: 

Heading: >>
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: -  * -
Content: appotat us " At least I How ab,out you* W.aid <<little e a t,., << to i. <<

Heading: S
Content: i , " 1S

Heading: S
Content: e

Heading: Z
Content: 15 minutes alter practice and worked on year blW5 f m e  tell you something
    about yourselves. You are taller and heavier than any past g e ^ ationj \  S
    v t o X ^ X r a s ^ m  tv er before,

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: toe

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: i job,degand looking back on it * to T d X ayou te h X  y t ^ T c u t l n d not
    wilt under the comments of your so-called friends. I you to honor your
    mother and ^ yQu tQ unsel{ishly

Heading: A
Content: m e ^

Heading: ' A
Content: * than' yearse,, and e>>W  the wonderial iee.ing

Heading: tobecome physically
Content: J h :

Heading: I t o  W  m << . d .
Content: 

Heading: not required in school
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: dare you
Content: 

Heading: to now> you thought was
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: K
Content: 

Heading: s  plenty0"  room at the'top, but no room for anyone
Content: to sit down. onrnrised at what you can achieve with

Heading: !
Content: 

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: >>T
Content: 

Heading: p
Content: 

Heading: PS  A
Content: 

Heading: r a " <<* -
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: | one more step.

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I dare you!
Content: 

Heading: Sincerely.
Content: ,, -- --, -- t-i m r n m f *XT where his mother cannot provide a father but
    "loves" him (or pre tends to) because she must live with herself? Consider
    the "life" which remains for a child bom de formed due to drug-damaged genes
    or a disease of the mother. If you can accept the possibility that in
    preserving the so-called life of an embryo (which yet lacks human
    consciousness), you may really murder both toe child and the mother - I
    would raise yet an other point. Those who play God by trying to make the
    means of abor tion unavailable can be held Re sponsible for murder in a
    physical sense as well. A woman who really wants an abortion will in many
    cases (far too many than the American public cares to admit) lose her life
    at the hands of an incompetant illegal abortionist or by the attempt to
    abort herself. The white knight who tries to "save" the lives of unborn
    child ren by making abortion unavail able must accept the responsibility for
    all the deaths caused by this unavailability. Be careful whom you call a
    murderer - or a hypo crite . . . Lack of emotion and human sen sitivity when
    dealing with a woman with a problem pregnancy is in deed cruel (perhaps our
    "moral judges" should consider this point). The psychological aspects of an
    un wanted pregnancy are much more of a problem than making abor tion
    arrangements. The decision for an abortion can only be made by the woman who
    is pregnant. "Abortion counselor" is a mislead ing title, for no one outside
    toe sit uation can advise the woman what to do. But when the questions and
    fears arise before the operation, when doubts (the inevitable "what- ifs" )
    occur afterwards, there must be someone to listen and provide supportive,
    constructive, emotional responses. Ideally, toe woman can turn to the man
    involved or to personal friends for this informa tion and emotional support.
    But in cases where the woman feels unable to talk to those closest to her,
    in cases where friends do not have the information to help ar range a safe
    abortion or to answer specific questions, toe information must be made
    available. Whether or not the SIS deals with toe mat ter. certain
    individuals will con tinue to do so. Your call for boycotting the ser vice
    strikes me as absurd. Obvious ly, the service will be availabl only for
    those who call upon it. It is but one attempt to help - a limit ed one at
    that. We do not pretend that we can serve the needs of all (of even the
    majority of) students at Bucknell, nor do we pretend to have answer to moral
    dilemmas or to provide psychiatric counseling. We can, however, provide
    needed information and human understand ing (as could we all) - especially
    valuable for those people who pre fer to remain anonymous when they request
    information. Those who do not need the service will naturally not call upon
    it. But if we in some way help just one person the service will in my eyes
    be a "success." My apologies,, Koenrad, if it seems I have used your letter
    only as an excuse for my own lengthy arguments. You are indeed entitled to
    your own moral beliefs - as each of us is. But you have no right to condem
    others for believing dif ferently - to do so is unjust, in human, and
    unspeakable cruel. In response to your harsh accusa tions, I can only point
    out that he who judges others by calling them hypocrites or murders, is
    himself responsible for murder and thus becomes a hypocrite himself. No
    matter what the moral stance, each person is guilty of murder - one can only
    choose the weapon. You have made your decision - and I have made mine. And
    neither of us has the right to make that decision for another. Karen
    Farnsworth

Heading: On Abortions
Content: To the Editor: I feel that I must respond to Mr. Vandegaer's letter (Murder) be
    cause of the attitude and lack of understanding he expressed which thus may
    reflect the feelings of other members of the Bucknell community. 1 feel that
    one should not prevent someone from having an abortion because of one's own
    macal be-

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, fa. Phone: 524-9426
    Area Code 717 A small fee is charged liefs. It is a fact that a substantia!
    number of abortions are performed both legally and illegally all over the
    world (current estimates for the U.S. average to about one mil lion
    abortions per year). I feel toa if a girl wishes to have an abortion then I
    will try to help, her obtain one which is legal, inexpensive, and which
    utilizes the best clinical methods available. I am not one to dispute Mr.
    Van degaer's judgement that abortion is murder, as. that is to me, a purely
    clinical question, however I see an abortion more as a means of protecting a
    child from a non life and shielding parents from severe hardship. I would
    like to point out that the birth control information service is quite within
    the law, as all fifty states allow abortions under cer tain circumstances,
    while nine states have, within toe past three years, reformed their laws to
    in clude a wide variety of legal rea sons for abortion. At the top of the
    list is New York State; it now per mits abortions to be performed on
    virtually any woman who requests one before the 25th week of preg nancy.
    Although Pennsylvania does not have as liberal a law there are no
    stipulations which prevent people from offering counselling. We perform this
    service basically because of the many inequities in volved in obtaining an
    abortion, such as money, race, and a lack of understanding of one's rights
    under the law. It is simply because of the social stigma placed on un wanted
    pregnancies that creates the difficulties one encounters while determining
    exactly what course one chooses to follow. We are simp ly trying to help
    people help them selves, and in no way do we want to antagonize our fellow
    students. I hope this letter has at least made our intentions clear and that
    you understand. Sincerely, Jeff Sengstack

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: 5Z3-9251
Content: 

Heading: H E D R IC K S
Content: 

Heading: M O BIL SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: P h o n e 524-0310
Content: 

Heading: S & H  G reen  S tam ps
Content: 

Heading: 1 R ou te 15 & B u ffalo R oad
Content: 

Heading: L ew isburg,
Content: 

Heading: P a.
Content: 

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: E urope for C hristm as. E aster or sum m er?
Content: E m ploym ent opportunities, econom ic flights, discounts.

Heading: Write
Content: for

Heading: information
Content: (air m ail).

Heading: A nglo A m erica A ssociation
Content: 

Heading: 60a P y le  S treet, N ew p ort, I.W .. E ngland
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: Menu
Content: 

Heading: PLAIN
Content: 

Heading: WITH EXTRA CHEESE
Content: 

Heading: MEATBALL
Content: 

Heading: PEPPERONI
Content: 

Heading: SAUSAGE
Content: 

Heading: MUSHROOMS
Content: Small (12") $1.60 $1.80 $1.80 $1.90 $1.90 $1.90 Lge. (16") $2.45 $2.80 $2.80
    $2.90 $2.90 $2.90

Heading: EUROPE
Content: 

Heading: Round-trip DC-8 J E T
Content: 

Heading: from New York
Content: ' For only $210* round trip, Icelandic Airlines flies you di rect to Luxembourg
    in the neart of Europe for best connections to everywhere. Daily jets. No
    groups to join. Stay one day or up to 45. Fly Icelandic-- for low est fares
    to Iceland, Luxem bourg, England, Scotland, Nor way Sweden and DenmarK.
    Special fares for students and groups remaining overseas more than 45 days.
    Major credit cards --or Pay Later Plan. Mail coupon; then call your travel
    agent. *Add $20 one way on Fri. and Sat. I To; Icelandic Airlines \ 630
    Fifth Ave., N.Y. 10020 i (212) PL 7-8585 Send folder CN on Lowest Jet Fares
    to Europe # Student Fares

Heading: O
Content: CALL GARY'S AT 523-9251 TO  PLACE ORDER.

Heading: ALL ORDERS C. O. D.
Content: _________ -Z ip - My travel agent is --------- N o rth  F ro n t Street

Heading: 7 4 2 - 9 3 9 2
Content: 17 B oun d

Heading: A venue
Content: 

Heading: 7 4 2 - 8 8 1 8
Content: 

Heading: DAN'S
Content: 

Heading: USED
Content: 

Heading: FURNITURE
Content: 

Heading: HOURS: MON.. TUBS., THURS-, FRI., 1:00 TO 9:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: SAT. 9:00 A:M: TO 5:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: CLOSED ALL DAY WED.
Content: 

Heading: ICELANDIC
Content: AIRLINES

Heading: airfares
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: to
Content: 

Heading: europei
Content: of any scheduled airline

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 16. 1970 PAGE THREE

Heading: HI
Content: 

Heading: Interview with University Theatre Director
Content: 

Heading: Powers Theorizes on Black Studies Via 'Enrichment
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: l ) \

Heading: V
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: l  ^ I l i V a v m m University. Here P: Usually a workshop starts . v. to a
    elected dimensions of the Black ex' f dU^ T . t l cf 1minoHtlreierouc.e ta
    With no particular production By DAVID HAMMER The following is the last of a
    ,,o part series with Harvey M. owers, professor of Enghsh and !rector of the
    University theatre, i this interview, Mr. Powers de- cribes his work on the
    committee f Afro-American studies, explains he concepts of the New Theatre
    md the existence of workshops a his University, and discusses the
    >>ackground which the University affords the interested drama stu- ient. And
    it is with this topic that [he interview begins. * * * BUCKNELLIAN: With
    what kind of theatrical background do you feel this University offers the
    stu dent who might move on to the professional theatre? POWERS: I suppose
    the first thing we have to remember is that the theatre and drama concentra
    tion at this University is p a r t  << a liberal arts major. We dont really
    think of this as professional training; we're not really PreP^_ ine actors,
    directors, designers (or anyone, for that matter) to leave this University
    and go immediately into any part of the professional theatre world -- and 1
    . mcl" d , teaching as part of the professional theatre world. We recognize
    theatre as a pro fession and, as such, we think that a student ought to have
    a good liberal arts background, just m a lawyer should, for example, before
    he goes to law school. What I hope we are producing here is someone we might
    call a *man of the theatre' -- someone who has a broad interest in, and a
    broad understanding of, dramatic literature, the problems facing the
    playwright, director, actor, design- er, and so forth. B* How many students
    from this University have eventually moved into professional theatre?

Heading: P-
Content: A considerable number, in fact, just about every one of our majors has gone on
    to either grad uate school for preparation to be come a teacher or has gone
    to a professional school with a view to becoming a performer. *

Heading: B-
Content: Of those students who are taking or have taken theatre cour ses here, are there
    many whom you would not have initially expect- ed to do so?

Heading: p.
Content: yes very much so. borne- times, interest in the theatre de velops as late as the
    second se mester of a person's senior year. We have former chemistry ma jors
    and electrical engineers -  m fact, one of the most successful of our
    graduates, that I can think of right now, started off in mechanica.
    engineering, shifted to electrical engineering and, at one point, was a math
    major; he finally got degree in engineering, but had managed to take a
    number o technical theatre courses on the side. This student went to Yale
    Drama School and worked under the theatre architect who designed the Loeb
    Theatre at Harvard, and vas immediately recommended by " -1

Heading: -I.
Content: 

Heading: _
Content: i. thA nnlv this theatre architect as the only person in the country who could
    operate that theatre. So, he s been technical director of the Loeb Theatre
    at Harvard ever since it was completed B- On another line of question ing,'
    what is your association with the recently-formed committee on Afro-American
    studies? P: 1 was asked at the end of February last year, by the Cur riculum
    Committee of the College of Arts and Sciences, to become the chairman of a
    new sub-com mittee. And the charge to this sub committee was to investigate
    the possibilities of instituting a pro gram of Black Studies at this Uni
    versity. B: How has progress fared on that sub-committee? P: We started off
    with a pre liminary proposal at the end of last year, consisting of three re
    commendations: First, that existing courses be enriched' by including
    hitherto ne glected dimensions of the Black ex perience. This particular
    recom mendation was approved by the Curriculum Committee, and we ve been
    polling the faculty and stu dents on their interests in adding such an
    emphasis to existing courses. . . . j B: How has faculty opinion leaned
    regarding this recommendation? P: Based on the evidence from the
    questionnaires we've had re turned so far, the faculty seems nerfectly
    willing to include this di mension, wherever it is feasible. B: What were
    the other two re commendations in the preliminary proposal? p . The second
    one was the es tablishment of a program of Afro- American symposia; and we
    do plan three such: one in November, one in late February-early March, and
    one in April. B: Will these symposia resemble the familiar Colloquies of
    this cam- PUp : They will be very much like a Colloquy -- speakers from the
    outside, opportunity for informal rap sessions with speakers, a for mal
    address and, also, speakers attending appropriate classes when- ever
    invited. To continue, the third recom- mendation was the recognition o: the
    dire need to hire a Black fac ulty consultant -- someone who would be a
    faculty member in one of the existing departments on cam pus and who would
    teach, hope fully, one or two of the first Black Studies courses, courses
    devoted exclusively to concerns of the Black rPSpart of this Black faculty
    mem ber's duties would be to serve as a consultant in the development o a
    Black Studies program that would be appropriate for a private institution
    such as this University. B: One would assume that ywi, personally, see an
    urgency in hir ing such a Black faculty m em ber- P: What I've been doing is
    simp ly recognizing a big, blank spot in te scnoui lui vt- -----------

Heading: Survey Reveals Extent
Content: 

Heading: Of Academic Dishonesty
Content: . . if,, interviews regarding ways in which By JANET KOCH Features Editor's
    Note: the fol ding article, written after an ex- *nsive series of
    interviews, de- cribes the extent of cheating <m his campus, how such
    incidents jre handled, and ways m which heating can be eliminated. While
    nuch of the article's content may #eem inconclusive, one must ac knowledge
    that the lack of statistics ,n cases of cheating and the ob vious lack of
    first hand knowledge on the subject must necessarily make the content of the
    report, at least, vague. Academic responsibility. Every student is aware, to
    some extent, of the import of this phrase. For

Heading: I
Content: some, it is a meaningful, personal g code. For others, it is a hollow ohnase,
    conveniently forgotten when laziness takes hold or pres sure builds up. .
    The prevalence of dishonesty at the University is difficult to es timate.
    For instance, there are no statistics available, on the number of students
    who cheat in a given exam or plagiarize in the writing of a paper--and for
    obvious reasons. In an interview with Dr. Leon Pacala, Dean of h e  College
    of Arts and Sciences, it was learned that h ere are, at most, six to twelve
    cases a year that are brought before the board of review on academic
    responsibility, but that represents only a small per centage of the actual
    number. Dean Pacala cited the following as actions which aid the academi
    cally dishonest: h e  use of similar exam questions from semester to
    semester, the assignment of the same research paper topics, and " the age-
    old tradition of fraternity ^ H e also believes that many stu dents com e to
    h e  University with a poor background, that the high schools fail, in some
    instances, to instill in the students " the integrity of procedure." Most
    professors interviewed seemed to agree that cheating is more likely to take
    place when an objective test is given. Dr. James H. Turnure, chairman of the
    art department, estimated that, in a large class taking an ob jective test,
    h e percentage of Leon Pacala, dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, was
    one of those interviewed in the compre hensive cheating survey. cheaters may
    be as high as 20 per cent. Yet, since methods are varied, proof is almost
    impossible to obtain. Ralph C. Walker, professor ot electrical engineering,
    has oc casionally encountered academic dishonesty, although he does not
    consider is a serious problem at the University. He finds that cheat ing is
    flagrant when it does occur-- students often " copy the mistakes" of others.
    An honor system h a t places the responsibility in h e  hands of the
    students, was mentioned in several interviews regarding ways in which
    cheating could be reduced. Dr. Turnure, who has seen an honor system work in
    another school, felt h a t a similar system may be the answer here. However,
    one must question whether the at mosphere here has been cultivated for that.
    Dean Pacala noted. We do not have rooted in student cul ture the kinds of
    sanctions against dishonesty." , .. Other professors feel h at, by h e time
    a student gets to college, he should have a sense of responsi bility, and
    the professor should not have to stand over him. This view is held by Dr.
    Richard J. Peterec. associate professor of geography, who said that he has "
    confidence in the students,"  and has seen very little to make him change
    his opinion. Cases of academic dishonesty at the University are handled by
    the board of review on academic re sponsibility composed of faculty and
    students. Although h e  board " hasn't really served as a deter- rent"
    (according to Dean Pacala), it has " protected the individuals involved in
    these cases. In first instances, h e  usual pen alty if a student is found
    guilty is an " F "  in the course involved. The reasons for h e  " F"  are
    not given on the student's record, and any records of h e  board are highly
    confidential. . .. . Dean Pacala further stated that " h ose students who
    do'm ake mis takes come out of the process a changed person, recognizing how
    serious academic dishonesty is. Seldom are second instances, for which the
    penalty is dismissal, re ported. . . In Dean Pacala's nine years at the
    University, only two cases of dismissal from h e  College of Arts and
    Sciences have occurred. The problem of academic respon sibility is a
    difficult one. Its source and its elimination rest ultimately education at h
    is University. Here is the largest minority group in this country, a
    minority group with very special problems and very special contributions to
    our society; it has shaped our society in a number of ways, both bad and
    good. Yet we give very little attention to this minority in a basic liberal
    arts institution. B: What do you think of the theory that the University
    situated geographically where it is, is not attractive to Blacks, thus
    creating a difficulty in finding qualified per sons to initiate the duties
    you pre viously outlined? p- I know that h e  Administra tion and various
    departments have tried, in the past, to hire Black faculty members, and that
    the per spective faculty member has usual ly turned us down on the basis ox
    his being the only Black on the faculty and on the basis that there is no
    immediate Black community at this University. So, h ere is some
    justification to that part of the theory. . But, I don't conceive of a BiacK
    Studies program as being primari ly for Blacks. In a predominantly White
    institution, a Black Studies program certainly should offer the Black
    students opportunities which it does not offer; but the pro gram ought to be
    designed, also, to primarily educate the White stu dents at this University.
    As one Gentleman from Glassboro State College said at one of our meetings
    last year, one function of a Black Studies Program at this University should
    be to 'help our White stu dents avoid becoming racist by de- fault.' , , . .
    B: Concerning, again, theatrical consideration of this University, how did
    the idea of your London Stage Tour this January originate. P : As you
    probably know, there are two tours. Concerning the one I'm taking part in, 1
    happened to be on sabattical last November and, while in London, met with
    Dr. An thony Gosse who was likewise or. sabattical. We began, at that point,
    designing a tour to go to London this January: we made necessary contacts
    and preparation, and men submitted our tour plan to the Jan uary committee
    and, as it turned out another tour had been submit ted also. We're assuming,
    though, that we will have a sufficient num ber of students interested in our
    tour; we do have some students from Goucher College going with us, too. B:
    Knowing that there was a 'workshop' last January at this Uni versity, what
    exactly characterizes one? Is a workshop like a minia ture rehearsal?

Heading: Happening
Content: 

Heading: Note
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: P: Usually a workshop starts off With no particular production in mind. For
    example, we have a workshop now in acting, since the beginning of this
    semester, meet ing Mondays and Wednesdays from 4 to 5:30. Anyone who's
    interest<<! is certainly welcome to come. It s highly informal, and its
    object is simply to break down resistances that prevent us from using our
    bodies, our voices and our psy chological equipment to better ad vantage as
    actors. Another objective of this work shop is to explore the notion of
    ritual in the theatre, in general, and the New Theatre, in particular. B:
    How can one characterize the 'New Theatre' which you mention? P: There was a
    seminar last se mester on just this very question. But, generally, there are
    a num ber of distinguishing earmarks of the New Theatre. One is the break
    down ot the traditional distance be tween the performance and the au dience
    -- an attempt to involve the audience in a performance. There is also a very
    heavy emphasis on the question of the relationship be- 4 tween the performer
    and the au dience in the New Theatre. Also, the text is not held m a hiCTh
    regard in the New Theatre as it Is in the traditional theatre: the New
    Theatre does not think that the primary function of the theatre is simply to
    embody the text. Some times, the New Theatre merely confronts the text --
    and it can, and often does, go beyond the text s interpretation.

Heading: ..rivial
Content: The Greek poet Aeschylus was killed by a turtle dropped on his head by a soaring
    eagle. A Trivial thing to do: Find two men in Coleman Hall who claim to turn
    all sorts of metal into gold. All the glasses in Swartz Cafe teria have an S
    stenciled in white on the bottom. There are only 58 shopping days left until
    Christmas.

Heading: | CAMPUS P IZZ A
Content: 

Heading: ..........
Content: 

Heading: FOR THE MAN W H O
Content: 

Heading: HAS EVERYTHING
Content: 

Heading: SASSAMAN S MUSIC STORE
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: PIANOS
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: COMBO ORGANS
Content: 

Heading: AMPLIFIERS -  GUITARS
Content: 

Heading: Other Stringed Instruments. Books and Most
Content: 

Heading: Musical
Content: 

Heading: Supplies
Content: 

Heading: PIANO TUNING SERVICE
Content: OPEN EVENINGS 4 TO 8 --  SATURDAYS 1 TO 8

Heading: frmmmmtmmmsmmmmmmsmrnmammmmm
Content: 

Heading: Laura Nyro
Content: 

Heading: in concert
Content: 

Heading: Saturday, October 24 j
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: MAYSER CENTER
Content: 

Heading: ]
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: FRANKLIN & MARSHALL COLLEGE
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: 8:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: ,,
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: $4.50
Content: 

Heading: Tickets
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: I  MAIL O R D E R S :- Chek or Money order Payable *  Student I  u

Heading: Z
Content: Board, Franklin & Marshall CoUege, Lancaster, Pa. 17604 1 For more information
    call 717-393-3621

Heading: Playground
Content: Help fix up a playground for un- derpriveleged kids on Saturday c tober 31st.
    Organizational meeting Tuesday, October 20, 7:30 p.m., in 101 B Coleman. __
    ,. Ii you're interested but can t make the meeting call C.A. Social Service
    office 3486, or Donna Rich- ards 3062.

Heading: Jan Dig
Content: There will be a brief meeting of all those Interested in joining the Jan Plan:
    Archeological traveling seminar in Israel, Athens, and Rome. Wednesday Oct.
    21 at 8 p.m. fa Coleman hall room 206A. the trip is sponsored by David A.
    Lutz of the Religion Dept. (1205).

Heading: Pictures
Content: The photographer will be here to pick up seniors proofs for the year book in
    Hunt formal living room on Wednesday from 12-5 p jn . Mid 6-8 p.m and on
    Thursday and Fri day from 9:30 a.m. -12:30 p.m. and 1:30 - 5:00 p.m.

Heading: Seniors
Content: Any senior wishing to submit a

Heading: I
Content: . senior portrait other than the one *

Heading: N
Content: taken by Victor O'Neill Studios, to L'Agenda must sent it to w427 by Nov. 15.
    The print must be 2 by 3>> black and whit glassy photo. Dress should be dark
    sweater for girls and coat and tie for men.

Heading: Amendments
Content: (Continued from Page 1) amendments are a few basic things we can agree on."
    Another amendment provides for the addition of two students to each of the
    Faculty Committees on Aca dem ic Freedom and Tenure, Hon- arary Degrees and
    Scholorly De velopment. The reasoning was that " Students have to be heard,
    said Naschin. There was also discussion on the Future Amendments to the S e
    n ^ to change the vote of two-thirds to read, " By the voting members ot '
    the Congress of ABS by a vote of a majority of the members voting or. the
    question." The first amendment is to delete a paragraph under the functions
    of the Senate. It states that " the Sen ate will make no recommendations
    regarding the use of the portion of the University's budget allocated to the
    formal program of instruc tion over the objections of a ma jority of the
    University faculty. Other amendments include in creasing student membership
    on the Faculty Committees on Aca demic Policy and Resources to 6 out of 18,
    on the Senate Com mittee on General Policy and R e sources to 5 out of 16,
    and addition of two more students to the Com mittee on Information
    Resources. The Associate Secretary of the Senate and a member of the ABS>
    elected by student members of the Senate should be added to the Com mittee
    of Arbitration. Another amendment is the aa- 1 " dition of " intercollegiate
    athletics **: to " student organizations"  on the outline of the duties of
    the Com mittee on Student Life. " These amendments should give the faculty
    some indication of where the students stand. These are just suggested
    amendments. The ABS is not committed, saia Pais He described the document, ;
    " as it stands, a wishy-washy Sen ate proposal." i 'j 1

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: # 1 * I

Heading: I
Content: t i X

Heading: r
Content: % e

Heading: Clinic
Content: Although the pregnancy clinic is in operation, Tuesday and Thurs day nights from
    9 p.m. to 11 P ->>- Dr. Fairweather will not always be present. The
    registered nurse who will be on duty at all times will be able to contact
    him if any ficulties arise.

Heading: Dedication
Content: Seniors - please note that your nominations for the yearbook de dication may be
    any member of the University community, wnicn includes faculty and
    administration.

Heading: Bison Club
Content: (Continued from Page 1) ed such items as a diathermy machine, an instrument for
    giving deep heat treatment to patients, three universal gym assemblies and a
    steam bath unit for Davis Gym.

Heading: T
Content: Commenting on the program !La- tour said, " It's really a great pro gram that
    has done a lot for our intercollegiate athletic program.

Heading: ABS Notes
Content: (Continued from Page 1) the first week of the second se mester." Stipulation
    three states " That the University faculty take mi- mediate favorable action
    on the ABS proposal. Let it be stated that the ABS sees this action as a
    positive response to grave national problems." In other ABS business, David
    Weinberger was appointed to toe Curriculum Committee. Appoint ments to be
    made next week are four upperclass students to the University Committee on
    Student Conduct, one junior woman student to the Traffic Committee, and two
    students to the Freshmen Seminar CdegStudents running for Off-Campus Living
    Unit Representative must submit their name to Sue Preston, 3270, by Tuesday.
    Student positions are open on tne following committees: A junior woman is
    needed to serve on the Traffic Committee which determines the policy a?"
    regulation of student and faculty vehicles. . . . Two students are needed to
    serve on the Freshman Advisor Com mittee of the College of Arts and
    Sciences, whose immediate concern is the Freshman Advisor seminars. These
    seminars are designed to offer freshmen an introduction to University study
    and an acquaint ance of faculty through a proposed inter-departmental full
    credit course. Four students (freshmen ar in eligible) are needed to serve
    on the new University Committee on Student Conduct. This committee has the "
    authority and responsi bility to adjudiciate student viola tions of
    University conduct reg ulations." , , __ ,, Interest sheets for toe above
    committees are available fro m to e Dean of Student Affairs Office. They
    must be returned no later than 3 p.m. Wednesday. All stu dents filling out
    interest sheets are asked to attend the ABS meeting Oct. 28 at 7:00 pto. The
    following students are run ning in the Larison-Harris Living Unit
    Representative Primary on Monday: Debbie Ahlstedt, Lexae Alexander, Keith
    Anderson, Leslie Campbell, Bill Freeman, Donna Gerrits, Stacey Kean, Eric
    LeRoy,

Heading: Open Dorms
Content: Questionaires concerning possible changes in the visitation hours will be given
    to residents of New Dorm, Tuesday. A 100% response is re quested, in order
    to determine the advisability of further action on the issue.

Heading: ARE
Content: ARE study group meetings are held every Monday night at 8:00 in the Meditation
    Chapel. There will also be an ARE interest group meeting in New Dorm Pit at
    8:00 Tuesday night. Friday, October 16 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services

Heading: 5  E  S
Content: 

Heading: <<
Content: 

Heading: '  M
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: Meditation chapel Vaughan Lit. Aud. Saturday, October 17 8-00 a m . Law School
    Admission Test 8-00 a.m,, Medical College Admission Test 1-30 n.m. Soccer
    vs. Rider 8:30 p.m. Cap & Dagger: " The Alchemist ^ a f a . m ^ ^ a W -
    Prof. E. William Muehl 4:00 p.m. Catholic Mass M^ r 0besp 2 ia l Bucknell
    University Faculty M e e tin g ^  ^ ^ ,,  . >>... Freas-Rooke Pool Family
    Swim Nate university Lounge Bucknell Wives Vaughan Lit. Aud. English Dept.
    Film:

Heading: M
Content: Taylor Hall Aud. Coleman Hall 101B West Field Coleman Hall Theatre Rooke Chapel
    Rooke Chapel Speaking for President Jay P. Mathias, Ronald J. (Pete) Pedrick
    executive secretary of the club and the University's director of de
    velopment, said, "The club con tributes an amazing amount to toe school
    besides the money given di rectly to the club. These are the same alumni who
    give funds in all the annual fund drives that toe school undertakes." Linda
    Marian, Curt Musselman, Jim Nevels, Steve Norton, Robert Owen, Fred Sharp,
    Jill Sloat, Steve Valenti, Koenradd Vande- gaer, and Donald Woehling. The
    other dormitories will not have a primary. Voting will take place at the
    cafeterias at lunch and dinner. Final elections for all LURs will be October
    26. '

Heading: The Alchemist'
Content: 7:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 4:45 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m.
    8:15 p.m. " Abundance And The New Dorm Lounge Rooke Chapel Vaughan Lit. Aud.
    Vaughan Lit. Aud. Dr. J. L. Knittle: (Continued from Page 1) the entrance of
    each new client, the three accomplices adopt dif ferent roles. For instance,
    the alchemist be comes a doctor for one client and a priest for the next.
    Likewise, Doll Commons changes to a lady or a fairyqueen, while Face's roles
    include those of a doctor and a cap tain. The audience should look for a "
    small power struggle among the three accomplices,"  says Snoozy White. "
    Although Subtle the al chemist is the figurehead of the group, actually Face
    is in control. The Elizabethan language of the play is another important
    feature. Verbose and non-poetic, the lan guage offers quite a challenge to
    the actors, who must make it come across natural. " Yet,"  according to
    Snoozy White, " the play is not hard to understand. It is not that dependent
    on every word being heard. I think that the play will speak for itself, and
    that people will be caught up in its spirit." . . . __ Other things to look
    for in the play are stage business, especially entrances and exits, and
    surprise discoveries. , As expressed by one member of the cast, " If our
    production works, it can be a funny and entertaining evening at the theatre.
    I dont mean entertaining to the sense of an evening on Broadway, though,
    this is a different kind of comedy than most are used to seeing. It is
    important that the audience ^ is aware of the nature of the play. Due to an
    ABS subsidy, student tickets will be at discount prices. 75c and $1.00, for
    toe first three performances-- tonight and Satur day at 8:30 p.m., and
    October 22. Tickets for toe O ^ ^ J 3 ^ performances will be $ 1.75 and$2.00
    and are on sale at the bookstore. ^ ^ ^ m ^ ^ C o n t a c t  Lecture; Prof.
    Ben Austin Technology Delusion" Catholic Mass . Intercollegiate Debate
    Society Christian Science Organization

Heading: <*>>*
Content: 

Heading: M" CV,5 S ,S : iS
Content: Century"

Heading: Faculty Votes
Content: demic policy. The question is then: Where does this leave toe ABS. The ABS is
    currently working on these and other problems or ob jections to the document
    to find an acceptable solution. In reference to the documents possibility of
    passing, Professor Peeler speculated, " Both wings, the right and tot left,
    will be split; sup port will come from both. The suc cess of the document
    obviously de pends on how many we get from each. The administration is satis
    fied finally, and this should help satisfy some of the conservativt
    members." (Continued from  Page 1) should not be heard or weighed, but that
    Faculty is central. " The students are n o tb e in g e x - cluded from
    consideration. They still have a role, but it is much more limited. Before
    the Senate was making decisions. Now the Faculty would be making decis ions
    from a committee with stu dents (HI it." " Many faculty members are not
    willing to grant that toe student should have toe right to any more than
    consultation. It's conflicting educational philosophies that are at stake
    here." Professor Peeler noted two un solved problems to the current pro
    posal. As now structured, when toe Senate disagrees with the Faculty or ABS,
    the issue is referred to an Arbitration Committee consisting of the Provost,
    The Secretary of the Faculty, and Secretary of the Senate, also a Faculty
    member. It is felt by the revising committee that none of these people are
    highly political and are therefore qualified to handle a case impartially.
    However, there is an obvious lack of students on the Arbitra tion Committee,
    which may be con tested to the event of a disagree ment between Senate and
    ABS. Ad ding only one student to the com mittee would result to an even
    number and possible deadlock. The second problem involves the relationship
    between ABS and toe Senate's Committee on Student life. The Committee is to
    handle aff af fairs not directly related to aca-

Heading: Buy Her A Pizza
Content: 

Heading: FOR HER BIRTHDAY
Content: 

Heading: Grants
Content: (Continued from Page 1) used for endowment. The Founda tion has requested that
    the support be given primarily to the humani ties programs at each
    institution. The grants are an extension of the Foundation's long standing
    pro gram of aiding the humanities through the establishment of en dowed
    professorships. The Andrew W. Mellon Founda tion resulted from the merger of
    Old Dominion Foundation into Ava lon Foundation in June 1969, the name of
    toe latter having been changed concurrently to the present designation, u n
    i t t f f rr-- "H e who feels punctur ed Must once have been a bubble . * "
    --Laotzu l e w isb u r g fr ie n d s m e e t in g 11:00 A JL SUNDAY

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: 

Heading: buy
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: B R IC K  . . *
Content: 

Heading: to
Content: 

Heading: build
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: SCH O O L
Content: 

Heading: SOLD DAILY AT THE LIBRARY
Content: 

Heading: 10:00 cum. -1:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Peace Corps School Partnership Program
Content: 

Heading: NEW COLLEGE INN HOURS
Content: 

Heading: 7:30 am * 4:00 pm
Content: 

Heading: 8:30 - 11:30 pm
Content: 

Heading: Monday through Friday
Content: 

Heading: CLOSED SATURDAY
Content: 

Heading: Sunday # # 6:00 pm # 11:30 pm
Content: 

Heading: Effective Monday, October 19
Content: 

Heading: BISON HOURS
Content: , - - - -  - -------------- -----------

Heading: J
Content: OCTOBER 16, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: 

Heading: J L
Content: m i r  U T lf'lfM P .T .T .T /

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: /

Heading: Cfje^iButfeneUtan
Content: 

Heading: >> P O
Content: 

Heading: R T S
Content: 

Heading: The Citadel Hosts Herd;
Content: 

Heading: Injuries Hamper Bisons
Content: 

Heading: Penn State Overpowers
Content: 

Heading: Reynolds
Content: 

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: P
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: By BOB WENDEL " Mentally, we were never to this ball game."  Such was the com
    ment of a thoroughly disgusted Coach Craig Reynolds, as B.U. tost to Penn
    State 3-1. This marks the first loss a Rey-

Heading: U
Content: *

Heading: I
Content: Bison letterman Steve Gentino re turned to the lineup last week. nolds soccer
    team has suffered since dropping their first contest with West Chester last
    year. This brigns their two year totals to 12-2-3, with Rider scheduled for
    Saturday. Commenting on the play of the team against the Nittany Lions
    Reynolds stated, " We were sloppy, our head'ng was poor, our tackles were
    half-hearted, and our pass ing was inaccurate." This was a difficult loss to
    take, after having played extremely well against Colgate and only managing
    to tie, but it will make the game Saturday even more difficult. " I hope the
    boys can bounce back. The game against Rider is our first conference game,
    and they are not going to be pushovers in the least. This is a MUST game for
    us." The two bright spots of the day were fullbacks Mike Novack and 'Larry
    Greenwood. Mike Novak, was especially spectacular. " He's the calmest, most
    aggressive fresh men fullback I've ever seen. With out his effort, the score
    could easily have been 8-1." The story of the game can be seen by examining
    the statistics. State had 47 shots to the Bisons nine. " Penn State had full
    control of the center of the field, which kept us constantly on our heels.
    We were not agressive, and instead of using our wings, we consistently tried
    to penetrate the middle." From watching the game from the sidelines,
    Reynolds stated that the whole team seemingly didn't want to play soccer on
    Wednesday, October 14; or else, they were so cockey, that they figured they
    had the game won; and all they had to do was go out on the field to win. By
    JIM NORTHRIDGE The Citadel Bulldogs will be the Thundering Herd's toughest
    oppo nent so far this season. Injuries sustained in last week's game against
    Davidson may cost the Bison's the services of Jim Cassidy and Paul Gilewicz
    as they are both listed as doubtful starters. Cassidy has a knee injury and
    Gilewicz a sprained ankle. And so far this week, neither have been able to
    practice. Tony Moretz and Don Giacomelli both had minor ailments but they
    are counted on to start in their usual positions.

Heading: Players of tjhe Week
Content: . .#

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: Harriers Take Two
Content: 

Heading: In Triangular Meet
Content: By DAVE COULTER The Bison cross country squad upped its record to 3-1 Wednesday
    with wins over Juniata and Ship- pensburg State and a loss to F & M. The
    thinclads defeated Juniata

Heading: Intramurals
Content: I. M. SOCCER (Finals) League 1

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: Pts

Heading: LCA
Content: 6 0 2 56

Heading: SAE
Content: 3 1 4 48

Heading: KDR
Content: 3 1 4 48

Heading: SX
Content: 2 5 1 38

Heading: SAM
Content: 0 7 1 League U

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: Pts

Heading: IND
Content: 7 0 1 58

Heading: TKE
Content: 6 1 1 54

Heading: PGD
Content: 2 5 1 34

Heading: TX
Content: 1 5 2 36

Heading: RAM
Content: 1 6 1 34 League III

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: Pts

Heading: KS
Content: 7 0 1 58

Heading: PKP
Content: 5 2 1 50

Heading: DU
Content: 3 4 1 42

Heading: SPE
Content: 3 4 1 42

Heading: TDX
Content: 0 8 0 20 League IV

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: Pts *B 3 0 5 50 *C 4 1 3 50 *E 4 1 3 50

Heading: A
Content: 1 3 4 40

Heading: D
Content: 0 7 1 26 *will playoff for league champion ship. Championship Playoff Schedule
    Semi Finals - Oct. 20, 4 p.m. LCA vs. Winner of League 4 KS vs. IND Finals
    October 21, 4 p.m. Two Winners Meet. 24-37 and Shippensburg 22-38 on the
    hilly 4.8 mile Juniata course. Rob ert Lucas was the first Bison to finish
    with a time of 26:31. Team mates Batram, Haggerty, Vande- gaer, Larner,
    Hydock and Gardner finished respectively for the Blue. Although they were
    outmatched by a strong Franklin and Marshall team 17-44, BU impressed the op
    position. The F & M coach who expected the Bisons to be an also-ran com
    mented, " Just think, your boys are only freshmen and sophomores." BU's
    Coach Gulden was also en couraged by the teams showing against experienced
    competition.

Heading: Bisonettes Trounce
Content: 

Heading: Tough Nittany Lions
Content: By STEPH LAUDENBACH The Bisonettes won their second game Wednesday defeating
    Penn State 1-0 at Penn State. Most of the excitement of the game came in the
    second half. End ing the first half with a 0-0 score, the Bisonettes decided
    to shift their line. Co-captain Sue Gant shifted from fullback to left inner
    and scored the only goal of the game about eight minutes into the half. All
    the girls played a good game, but special mention belongs to center
    halfback, Marge Deck, and Lisa Edgell, goalkeeper, who made thirteen
    recoveries. Sunday, October 25, at 2:30 the Bisonettes will scrimmage with
    the Center County Club Team as part of the Parents' Weekend activities. Art
    Wilkins Three BU players are recipients of the player of the week awards for
    outstanding play in the Bison's 21-20 victory over Davidson. Coach Fred
    Prender said, " We honestly could have given the awards to the entire team
    beceuse there were so many exceptional perform arises, but we felt that Art
    Wilkins and Bob Rohrbaugh on offense, and Gene Depew on defense should get
    this week's honors." Wilkins, a junior from Mount Vernon, N.Y., has been a
    starter at guard all season. Considered small at 5-10, 195 pounds, Artie has
    impressed his opponents with his aggressive play Bob Rohrbaugh and
    tremendous determination. He has been a consistent performer for the Herd
    this season. Rohrbaugh, the Bisons' gigantic offensive tackle, had his best
    game of the season. The 6-3, 245-pound senior who was All-Conference and
    All-State last year started the 1970 campaign slowly, but has come on strong
    in the past two games. His best game on Saturday was witnessed by a
    Cincinnati Bengal's scout. Depew is one of the Orange and Blue co-captains.
    The Mifflintown senior has played consistent ball all season, but had his
    best game on Saturday. The 6-1, 220-pounder was credited with nine tackles
    and real ly put the pressure on the David son quarterback in the Wildcats'
    last series with the ball. On the good side for the Bison's is the return of
    Tarras Onischenko and Mitch Farbstein, both of whom will be available for
    spot duty against the Bulldogs. If there was one game for the defensive
    backfield to be hurting this is the one since the Citadel is a running team.
    Tony Lucadamo, Gene Luccarelli, and John Ondra- sik are ready to work as a
    unit if the services of Cassidy and Gile wicz aren't available. The Citadel
    is now 2-3 on the season but they have posted a per fect 2-0 record in the
    Southern Conference and are the league's favorite to win it all. The
    Bulldogs have trounced East Carolina 31-0 and William and Mary 16-7 while
    ending up on the short end against Clemson, Vanderbilt, and Arkansas State.
    The Cadets are a fine running team and a strong option play. Tailback Bob
    Duncan has averaged over 6.2 yards a carry in 69 at tempts while 6-22
    fullback Ben Cha vis is the team's power runner pick ing up over 200 yards
    on the ground so far this year. The backs run behind an ex perienced line
    that averages 214 pounds while the defensive line has shown exceptional
    quickness and aggressiveness. Left defensive tackle, Norm Seabrooks is a big
    (6-1, 238) lineman that has drawn praises from many coaches. The Bulldog
    defensive backfield is an excellent combination, with sophomore Jeff
    Varoadow a stand out in last week's game against William and Mary, as he
    inter cepted three passes and returned two af them a 100 yards and 46 yards
    for the winning touchdowns. John Rosa is Citadel's quarter back but he
    hasn't shown any stat istics approaching Howie Burke's 35 completions in 73
    attempts for 401 yards and 4 TD's in three games. Art Wilkins, Bob Rohr
    baugh, and Gene Depew were also named as standouts in last week s game
    against Davidson by Head Coach Prender and he hopes that they will be able
    to continue their outstanding play. The Big Blue will need another balanced
    effort this week in order to overcome the Bulldogs.

Heading: WHEN HUNGER STRIKES
Content: 

Heading: STRIKE BACK ! ! !
Content: 

Heading: CALL 523-9251
Content: ___ WHATS PLAYING? -----

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN
Content: 

Heading: BOARD
Content: Gene Depew

Heading: BUCK'S SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: 24--hour Towing
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1132
Content: 

Heading: I G
Content: 

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: Z >>
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. SATURDAY
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY, MONDAY. TUESDAY
Content: 

Heading: Rome.
Content: 

Heading: Before Christ.
Content: 

Heading: After Fellini.
Content: 

Heading: E X P A N S I O N
Content: 

Heading: The Campus Pizza Delivery Service Announces
Content: 

Heading: * Expanded Hours -- 10:30 - 12 pm Sun. - Thur.
Content: 

Heading: * Expanded delivery -- to individual rooms
Content: 

Heading: * Expanded Menu -- Pizzas. Hoagies, Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: and Soft Drinks
Content: 

Heading: Call Gary's at 523-9251 30 minutes prior to delivery
Content: 

Heading: All orders C. O. D.
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 16, 1970 ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe, Legal (N.Y.) and Inexpen
    sive. Please call Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All in quiries
    confidential. " M ini" W earers &  W atchers N ational college survey sow
    in progress. $1.00 gives pou a large pis on button to b e w orn at all
    times, show ing that y ou  are -be hind the m ini and also counts y ou  in
    ou r survey. ____________ FO R  SA LE : ______

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: FEN DER JA ZZM A ST E R
Content: 

Heading: G U ITA R
Content: E xcellent condition.

Heading: I
Content: Call Dan 3306 "There i* no end, no beginning. There is only the infinite passion
    ot tile. v -

Heading: -FELUN
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: /An ALBERTO GRIMALDI Piwhctlon

Heading: 'FELLINI SATYRICON'
Content: i '  (English Subtitles)

Heading: Feature Times 7:00 --
Content: 

Heading: 9:10
Content: 

Heading: STARTING WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 21
Content: 

Heading: 'THE BOYS IN THE BAND"
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: Watts:
Content: By JENNY CHEN After deliberation since last April, the faculty finally voted to
    accept the Senate proposal 84-27 last night with a thankful. " Praise G od!"
    and a " very pleased"  utter ed by President Charles Watts as the special
    faculty meeting stood adjourned. The Senate matter now will be considered by
    the ABS. After a conference committee resolves dif ferences between what the
    ABS passes and the faculty passed, the document will be subject to a cam
    pus-wide referrendum. Although the ABS will be basical ly discussing the
    student role in the Proposal for a University Senate and Proposal for
    Reorganization of Faculty Committees, President Watts commented that, " If
    the ABS wants to make comments about the faculty reorganization, they may do
    SO.** However, President Watts stres- sed that a distinction must be made
    when commenting on the Sen ate and faculty parts of the pro posal. After the
    meeting, Professor Ralph Spielman commented, "The students ought to see the
    document and. to debate with the faculty. I draw attention to this need."
    He said he would be willing to spend time with the students to explain the
    document. Last night, three motions were presented before the faculty came
    to the final ratification vote. Three amendments were passed and one nine-
    amendment package was tabled. - The description of faculty com mittee No. 6
    which " will conduct a continuing review of the commit tee system of the
    Faculty and re view the operation of the Senate at least every two years"
    was amended. Faculty vote also al lowed the words " in consultation with the
    Senate Committee on Com mittees"  to be added. A restriction of committee
    mem bership to those holding rank of Associate Professor or Professor was
    eliminated on the Committee on Academic Freedom and Tenure. The committee
    will be comprised of six members of the faculty in cluding one from each
    college. The statement comes under the Pro-

Heading: VOLUME LX X ni -- NO. 12
Content: posal for Reorganization of Faculty Committees. Although several members of the
    faculty, raised objections that the amendment would not improve the Senate
    proposal, the amendment was passed. The other amendment concerns meeting and
    agenda, calling for an increase qf two to four members needed to " instruct"
    the Secretary of the Senate to call a special meeting. The list of nine
    amendments tfhich was passed by the ABS last week was tabled. While on the
    floor, Professor William Cooper said, " Although the students are not in
    complete agreement with their views, the students are an xious to have good
    government and (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: TUESDAY. OCTOBER 20, 1970
Content: 

Heading: Frosh LUR Nominees
Content: Off-campus ballots must be received no later than this date. Harris Debbie
    Ahlstedt Lexie Alexander Leslie Campbell Donna Gerrits Stacey Kean Elin
    Larson Linda Mariani Jill Stoat Larison Keith Anderson Bill Freeman Eric
    Leroy Curt Mussulman Jim Nevels Steve Norton Robert Owen Steve Valenti
    Koenraad Vandegaer Donald Woehling Roberts Eileen Angle Paula Finklestein
    Jance Havey Jackie Morris Mary Raso Trax Mitchell Burke Steve Copulsky John
    deGroot Rick Kleinert Tom Leonard Mickey Sinkus Hugh Wenger Kress Les Baker
    Dave Bemis Norbert Church Neil Daeubler Mike Hanrahan Tom Hardcastle David
    Moore Ira Perman Bill Whitney Off-Campus Eric Cohen Tom Ditzler Ivor Lewis
    Marion Payack David Stein

Heading: jSudmdlian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Drama, Discussions
Content: 

Heading: Planned for Parents
Content: 

Heading: "Star" Gazing
Content: Subtle (Charlie Pollock) uses sextant to view Face <Snoo^ White). onC at the
    door. ____ H ie University's Fall Parents Weekend will be held Friday
    through Sunday, October 23-25. Special programs in which par ents can
    participate include ex hibits, open houses in some aca demic departments, in
    the resi dence halls, in fraternities arid sor orities, athletic events, a
    play, and a concert are part of the 1970 pro gram. At 9:30 a.m. Saturday in
    Davis Gymnasium the Bucknell Parents, an organization promoting coopera tion
    and understanding between the University and parents, will hold its fall
    meeting. President Charles H. Watts is the scheduled speaker. Following that
    there will be a special program for the parents of freshmen, presided over
    by Dean .Leon Pacala, of the College of Arts and Sciences, and Dean Herbert
    F. Eckberg, of the College of Engine ering. Parents of the upperclassmen are
    invited to attend discussions by Dr. William H. Cooper, chairman of the
    economics department, and Dr. David S. Ray, chairman of the de partment of
    mathematics, on op portunities for graduate study; a talk on the aspects of
    modem bi ology, by Dr. David D. Pearson, as sistant professor of biology^
    and a discussion by Dr. John D. Kirkland, assistant professor of history, on
    " What does Bucknell offer for your $3,700 per year?" At 1:30 p.m. Saturday,
    the Buck nell Bisons will meet Lafayette College in Memorial Stadium for the
    Parents Weekend football game. Other special events that day in clude the
    Cap and Dagger play, " The Alchemist,"  a comedy by Ben Jonson, and a
    concert, Music for Parents, to be given by the Chapel Choir, University
    Chorale, Sym phonic Band, and the University Chamber Orchestra. Also part of
    the music program will be a per formance of the first movement of
    Beethoven's Concerto No. 5, by pianist Millicent Hicks, a Bucknell senior.
    There will be two services in Rooke Chapel on Sunday, one at 9 a.m. and the
    other at 11 a.m., led by the Rev. James E. Gardner, University Chaplain.
    Saturday night the C.A. is tenta tively sponsoring a buffet dinner for any
    interested students. Anyone interested in making reservations for this
    dinner should contact Mr. Hammertoe in the Botany Building. John Sebastian,
    noted folk-rock mucifian. will appear in concert with Buddy Miles Saturday,
    Oc tober 31, at 8:3<< pan. in Davis Gymnasium. (See story below.)

Heading: Sebastian and Buddy Miles
Content: 

Heading: Perform in Double Concert
Content: 

Heading: Retired Professor
Content: 

Heading: S n m b s  Friday
Content: Dr. Norman H. Stewart, 85, pro fessor of zoology emeritus at the University,
    died Friday afternoon in the Evangelical Community Hos pital, Lewisburg,
    after a short ill ness. A native of Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, Professor
    Stewart retired in 195SS after 45 years on the faculty. In 1926 he served as
    the third presi dent of the Pennsylvania Academy of Science of which he was
    a mem ber. Recipient of a bachelor of arts degree from the University of Ro
    chester in 1908, Dr. Stewart served two years as an instructor in zo ology
    at the University of Michigan and earned a master of arts degree there in
    1910, the same year he joined the faculty here.

Heading: Dateline: The Campus
Content: By CATHY EVANS N Y  Times -  Mental Health, dropout and surgical ratesofstn-
    Hrnits have remained the same despite increasing student activism. r

Heading: C
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: l , a Harvard disorders " originate in the home and m relation with oth<< r ^ f

Heading: S
Content: a lt  persons in the student's early life rather than m conditions encountered
    in college."  He comments that the term T O ^ U y  ril is not suitable; that
    it " might be argued convincingly that the natur of their dissatisfaction
    connotes a higher than usual level of mental health, particularly in the
    realm of concern for others. (FCNS) - Listing legal action, education M .d
    F. Docksai, National Secretary of Young Americans for PYeedom, announced a
    program to show majority support on campuses a

Heading: S
Content: " radical extremists who seek to destroy education.

Heading: YAF,
Content: founded at William F. Buckley's home in 1960' of ina for conservative causes,
    boasting more than 60 members oi Gmgress on its National Advisory Board. The
    gro<<P toni doubled its .size in the last two years to 55,000 members in 500
    chapters. By BILL WHITNEY John B. Sebastian and Buddy Miles will perform in
    concert here on Saturday^ October 31 at 8:30 p.m. in Davis Gym. John
    Sebastian, considered by many a folk-rock musician, origi nated as a
    prominent musician as the main writer and a singer for the Locin' Sponfud,
    where he wrote his first published song, " Do You Believe in Magic." His
    first hit was followed by " You Didn't Have to Be So Nice." " Daydreams," "
    Summer in the City,"  " Nashville Cats,"  " Younger Girl,"  "  Didn't Have
    to Do It"  and " Did You Ever Have to Make Up Your Mind?"  By the spring of
    1969, Sebastian had an even 100 published songs to his credit. The style of
    the Spoonful was Sebastian's, a blend of nearly everything American -- from
    jug band to blues to country and folk with Sousa and minstrel season ing. In
    1966, Cash Box and Bill- board each voted the ensemble the top U.S. group of
    the year. A year later, the Lovin' Spoonful began to break up. By 1968, Se
    bastian felt it was time to go on to other things, mainly concentrat ing on
    writing. During that year he wrote his first Broadway show, " Jimmy Shine,"
    starring Dustin Hoffman. In addition to performing at many colleges
    throughout the past year, Sebastian appeared at the Woodstock music festival
    in August of 1969, where he performed " I Had a Dream"  and " Rainbows All
    Over Your Blues." Buddy Miles, billed as an " extra added attraction,"  does
    acid-rock music. He has recently formed his own group, which he will be
    bringing here. He and the group have cut an album, entitled " Them Changes."
    Recently they released a single, called " Dreams,"  which has been doing
    very well. Both records ap pear on the Mercury label. Mites began with the
    acid-rock group Electric Flag, where he wrote and played drums. He then
    became a musician for the late Jimi Hendrix. Miles com posed most of the
    music for and performed as one of the leads at Hendrix's last live Filmore
    East, N.Y. appearance. Miles then formed his own group and began working
    independently. Admission for the concert is $4.50, and tickets are available
    at the University Bookstore or through the Concert Committee at Box 561.

Heading: CA Cftfldncts M ore
Content: 

Heading: Walk with Gibbons
Content: The C.A. Cowan Weekends, a time and place to relax (or relax) and to do just
    about whatever you want, will resume its yearly schedule Saturday, October
    31. through Sunday morning, Novem ber 1. Hus appears to be the only avail
    able date this semester, so the C.A. has attempted to compensate for the
    occurrence of the John Sebas tian concert that Saturday night by inviting
    Euell Gibbons. He will conduct a woods-walk in the afternoon, and will
    direct the gathering, cleaning, and cooking of area-gathered edibles to be
    part of the supper meal. Hopefully, the Outward Bound film that didn t
    arrive in time for colloquy will be available, in addition to some films of
    Euell Gibbons. Due to the logistics of gathering enough of Nature's bounty
    to pro vide one dish, the list of ' goers will be on a first-come, first-
    served basis. To cover the cost of food, a $2.00 fee must be charged, as the
    Cowan budget was cut. Applications and information may be * obtained at the
    C.A. office.

Heading: C
Content: 

Heading: J k -
Content: 

Heading: PmSmmi
Content: 

Heading: mlmEig&Eme.
Content: f u l

Heading: E U
Content: 

Heading: U S
Content: )

Heading: " I PSj8M
Content: tei>> *v'' i>> 111IV' WIWWWI .efiii aTSalfl aefsfg' ?y* AE' WmaES&EwUB ' ##*# #
    il ; -1 >',j-K * j|5p^y^

Heading: -
Content: _

Heading: ______--
Content: 

Heading: Action and Priorities
Content: 

Heading: The decision of the ABS that would
Content: 

Heading: allow students to take off one week to
Content: 

Heading: work in campaigns of Congressional can
Content: 

Heading: didates is one which can not and must
Content: 

Heading: not be regarded lightly in its consequen
Content: 

Heading: ces. The principles that it implies are
Content: 

Heading: many more than just the ones involved
Content: 

Heading: in the Princeton Plan. If we study the
Content: 

Heading: decision we will find that it involves the
Content: 

Heading: whole concept of the university, the stu
Content: 

Heading: dent in society, the society and the stu
Content: 

Heading: dent, and the university's role in society.
Content: 

Heading: The ABS and the faculty (suppose)
Content: 

Heading: decide to let students obtain incompletes,
Content: 

Heading: If necessary, in order to work in an elec
Content: 

Heading: tion. OK. This in turn brings up the
Content: 

Heading: question: why has the University sanc
Content: 

Heading: tioned one form of political work and not
Content: 

Heading: another. Suppose a student wants to
Content: 

Heading: travel with Rennie Davis for a week and
Content: 

Heading: observe what he does. Why wouldn't he
Content: 

Heading: be allowed to?
Content: 

Heading: On an even larger scale, why does
Content: 

Heading: the University sanction only socially es
Content: 

Heading: tablished 'political' work, and no others?
Content: 

Heading: If a student wishes to study the role of
Content: 

Heading: drugs in the Native American Church,
Content: 

Heading: why isn't he free to do so ?
Content: 

Heading: It seems that most of these ques-
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: Editorial Board
Content: 

Heading: Meeting 6:30 p.m. Friday,New Dorm
Content: 

Heading: Pit, open to all.
Content: 

Heading: tions are only preliminary to much larger
Content: 

Heading: ones, such as those of the 'real' function
Content: 

Heading: of the University. Compulsory attend
Content: 

Heading: ance at Lewisburg is only part of the
Content: 

Heading: real fact that the University defines its
Content: 

Heading: job completed when a student has -been
Content: 

Heading: physically present here for three or four
Content: 

Heading: years; upon completion of his stay he is
Content: 

Heading: awarded the officially sanctioned degree,
Content: 

Heading: a degree which measures nothing more
Content: 

Heading: than attendance.
Content: 

Heading: If the University is to become what
Content: 

Heading: it should be it must start asking and an
Content: 

Heading: swering questions regarding its laeal
Content: 

Heading: puipose. If it is to offer its facilities
Content: 

Heading: and expertise to willing people, it must
Content: 

Heading: begin by asking students, or allowing
Content: 

Heading: students by themselves, to define just
Content: 

Heading: what the methods are by which a person
Content: 

Heading: can become truly 'integrated person.' It
Content: 

Heading: becomes obvious that compulsory attend-
Content: 

Heading: anee has little to do with integration.
Content: 

Heading: The question of whether or not the
Content: 

Heading: faculty should ratify the ABS proposal,
Content: 

Heading: per se has no meaning. But in the con
Content: 

Heading: text of a new purpose, a new ideal, a new
Content: 

Heading: reality, a new freedom, it could be the
Content: 

Heading: first step.
Content: 

Heading: The Editorial Board is collecting in
Content: 

Heading: formation concerning the work of the in
Content: 

Heading: firmary; anyone with factual reports or
Content: 

Heading: interesting stories please send them to
Content: 

Heading: B662.
Content: 

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: AW S
Content: To the Editor: If there exists a group of con cerned students interested in ex
    ploring and meeting the needs and desires of any portion of the stu dent
    body, who has the right to de prive them of the opportunity to do so? Who
    then can deny them the right to exist when they themselves have recognized
    the necessity of reviewing their purpose in order to reach a more meaningful
    ex istence? We are not seeking to isolate women's interests and needs from
    the rest of the campus, for decided-

Heading: THE BOOK REPORT'
Content: 

Heading: Of Black History
Content: By CARLTON MITCHELL Of Black History: Lost, Stolen, Or Strayed, by Otto
    Lindenmeyer 256 pages. New Vork: Avon Books. $1.25. In this age of awareness
    when the cry is going out for Black Studies, and White academkans are just
    beginning to acknowledge the inherent worth of intellectual and systematic
    inquiry into the history of Black folk book stands and library shelves have
    become saturated with such material. Otto Lindenmeyer journeys into the past
    and recounts the facts o important contributions, such as research in blood
    plasm and Dr. Charles Drew made to the world of Black people. While Columbus
    was busy dis covering America in 1492, the West African emperor of Songhay
    held sway over an empire, says Lindenmeyer, larger in overall territory than
    all Europe combined. He contends that the systematic disregard of such facts
    is one way in which the Black man is abused. Black history is being written
    about by White and Black authors, how ever, there are many basic differences
    in their purposes for writing. Lin denmeyer has written a fairly accurate
    account of standouts in Black history but his purpose seems to be a bit
    obscure. He talks of rewriting portions of American history keeping the
    Black man uppermost m mind. He contends that this brand of historical reform
    is not to create a new Black mythology, but to expose the invention of an
    old White one, and a newer " Negro"  one. In summation .Lindenmeyer has
    recorded an accurate account of Black history which at this point in time is
    a necessity. Being informative and light I recommend it for educational
    reading vital to White folks if we are to coexist. " Jesus Now?" Once it was
    SOS - save our souls; then it was SOB (save our bodies), then it was SS
    (save something); then it was S (save): now it is SOS again (save
    ourselves).

Heading: JSucknellian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1887. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member
    a<<*odated Collegiate Prese. Annual subscription, 6L00, payable in ad vance
    Entered as second class matter cm September 21, 1922, at the post at
    LewSburg. Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager wMtaHals appearing on this page reflect the majority opinion
    o t tb* ^U tSE Sboard im dthat ol the tSttrai. Signed columns present the
    views only at the authors. oM ee: Fochl Printing Co.. 228 Market Street.
    828-4821 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 20, 1970 ly, a large number of those inter ests and the needs are shared
    by anyone at this school, whether they be male or female. Organizations are
    present which owe their existence to a specific group of people who have
    come to gether to satisfy certain needs and desires, and function
    accordingly. No one would like to think that their individual interests must
    be subordinate to and represented by the whole at all times. AWS therefore
    exists to provide opportunitiels for individuals rtf this campus which would
    not be met by a co-ed, campus wide or ganization. The fact that those men,
    criticizing AWS, cannot recognize that women have interests which do vary
    from those of men illus trates this only too well. AWS does not " stand as
    an an achronism toward the recent movements toward streamlining campus
    government and uniting the campus into a community."  We would indeed stand
    as an anachron ism if we refused to change. It must again be stated that our
    emphasis has shifted from governing to pro gramming. The editorial itself ac
    knowledged this. We would stand as an anachron ism if we had not
    acknowledged the necessity of changing women's hours. The Bucknellian is not
    the only group capable of observing the " absurdity of women's hours.' In
    reference to freshman women, we will retain control of their first- semester
    hours as long as we feel that hours provide a framework for this period of
    adjustment. We are here to listen to any argument for or against such a
    provision. It is the option of freshman women to bring their views to us.
    Such action would result in a reconsideration and possible change. With
    regards to the Bucknellian's statement that they "feel that it should be the
    right of dorm coun cils, and not the moralistic AWS, to set dorm visitation
    policies for their own residence halls."  - we would like to inform the
    Bucknell community that it is presently the right of dorm councils to set
    their own visitation policies within the limits set by the University - not

Heading: AWS.
Content: It should further be known that the women students will have an opportunity to
    vote on the existence of AWS on campus - but this will not be by means of an
    ABS refer endum. AWS has recognized the need for meaningful change and has
    adapted accordingly. We have undergone an extensive exploration of possibili
    ties which has resulted in the set ting of a new direction, whose po tential
    should not be disparaged by those unwilling to objectively eon sider its
    possibilities. Associated Women Students

Heading: = F R O M  THE EDITOR'S DESK
Content: 

Heading: ----
Content: 

Heading: -------------
Content: 

Heading: Committee of 4 & 1
Content: By PAUL OSHER In view of the fact that mid-terms are flying fast and furious
    this month, I thought that I might offer my thoughts m regard to the current
    deliberations of the Faculty on the issue of campus governance in the form
    of a public evaluation of some of the names in the news. Consider this a
    Mid-Term Report to the Students on the behavior of various faculty
    personalities. My comments are not intended as public ridicule of these
    people, but rather as additional information by which the students can gain
    insight into the workings of University politics. I in no way intend that my
    remarks be considered the last word. These notes are my observations culled
    over the last few semesters from personal ex periences with these men and
    from scrutiny of thir actions in public forums like Faculty meetings. The
    Committee of Four Ralph Spielman is a sensitive human being. Ralph is
    generally for the same goals as American youth though he often disagrees
    with the reasons advanced by the radical rhetoricians. He thinks the War is
    " despicable"  as are the boobs running the U.S. govern ment but he feels
    that the only way to rectify the mammoth prob lems confronting the world now
    is for knowledgeable people to get a hold of the decision making machinery
    by non-violent methods. That is to say that he dislikes the Weathermen, the
    Panthers and other " revolutionary"  groups that pander on about " Power to
    the People."  Surrounded by contemporaries who do not share his dis tress at
    American society, he sees a potent force for social change in the youth of
    today. But he maintains an aristocratic attitude to ward students because of
    their lack of expertise and knowledge, and their dislike of hard work to
    accomplish their objectives. Ralph probably likes the idea of a University
    governing body that could stimulate the University to exercise its influence
    on the course of societal affairs. Ed Staiano has ambitious dreams for the
    computerization of the University. He is a technologist who has had
    considerable success at moving the University into the world of the Third
    Generation computer. One of his major problems is his condescending attitude
    towards students. Ed has influenced the course of Bucknell s future
    considerably, but seems to view student participation in areas that would
    affect his activities as a threat. He sees the institution of a new
    University governing body that delegates too much power to students as a
    threat to the traditional rights of the Faculty. John Peeler would probably
    like to involve students in the gov ernance of the University as much as
    possible because of his con fidence in their abilities to reorient the
    society toward more human istic goals. John values the student perspective
    on almost any issue and often finds himself working for the same goals.
    Rauph Walker is aware of the needs and goals of students in general. Ralph
    supports the American system and thmks that it can be made to work for those
    who put in the time and effort. He perceives the student feeling inadequate
    and effete when controlled with the enormous problems and complexities of
    our society. The scientific approach of problem analysis and solution is his
    answer to the issues that confront us. Ralph ees that increased student
    participation in the governance of the University is advisable on a limited
    scale, but he prefers that the Faculty retain some control over the more
    important aspects of running the University. Charles Watts has an incredibly
    difficult job. Nevertheless he cannot be excused from critical evaluation as
    regards student in terests. Charles has brought some imaginative changes
    into ex istence in his last six years as President. He has been open and
    aboveboard about his activities, and it would seem that his casual attitude
    has filtered down to his subordinates in the administration who do an
    admiriable job of maintaining honest and frank relations with the students.
    His interest in a new University governance would seem to derive primarily
    from his desire to avoid any of the problems that appear to be cropping up
    on other campuses around the country. It is Charles' conviction that
    involving students in the operations of the University is healthy and
    preferable, although he does seem to harbor elitist tendencies in his
    relations with students (perhaps a carry-over from his days as a faculty
    member). The po- tential difficulties that the University students might
    present seem much more real and imminent to him than they do to many faculty
    members. One might conjecture that a good old student riot m con nection
    with his proposing a new governance system might increase his credibility
    with those faculty. Being in the driver s seat, he has great confidence in
    his ability to persuade (?) members of the Uni versity to look at all the
    ramifications of their actions.

Heading: In My Mail
Content: On the morning of September 6, files from Local Boards 73-76 on Church Street,
    Rochester, New Yory, were destroyed. If you were registered at these draft
    (boards, you should be in formed of your draft rights and the implications
    of this event for you. Your draft board has been greatly slowed down in its
    process ing of people for induction. Any notices you receive from them may
    be illegal. Therefore, it would be to your advantage to contact a draft
    information center before responding to any mail from your board. If the
    draft board does not have and cannot produce your file, they cannot legally
    draft you. .. . . . ,, The information centers listed here did not
    participate m the action of the Flower City Conspiracy, but are named as
    available public information services: Draft Counseling Center 732 Genesee
    Street Rochester, N j Y. 464-9908 Friends Draft Counseling Service 41
    Westminister Road Rochester, N.Y. 442-3506 , . . For further information on
    the people involved m this action their feeling behind it, and the trial,
    contact Bill Gardiner, 170 New Dorm, 1539. The Bucknellian received this in
    the mail last week:

Heading: NOBODY REMEMBERS CHICAGO.
Content: pn| wrno HIED IN 7' h Hi STREETS THERE.

Heading: __
Content: 

Heading: TOE
Content: c

Heading: S
Content: v

Heading: EMTON
Content: w as

Heading: AN END, AND
Content: a

Heading: STARTING POINT.
Content: ^ (tm) (tm) C L E ^  FOR GENE.' WE CAME OUT YIPPIES.

Heading: WE ARE NOW WEATHERMEN. AND WE ARE HERE.
Content: 5 ffi^ )B L E M  IS TO RELATE DIRECTLY TO THE BLACKS^

Heading: PALES
Content: 

Heading: TIN LANS, THE VIETNAMESE, THE THIRD
Content: THE SOLUTION IS NOT MIDDLE CLASS GAMES (polotics), (tm)M R TraL TOmD WORLD FRONT
    FOR THE LIBERATION

Heading: OF BUCKNELL.
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: 

Heading: Happenings
Content: 

Heading: of Note
Content: Wednesday, October 21 . Tustin Field 4:00 p.m. Field Hockey vs. Bloomsburg
    Harris Lounge sponsored by Depts of Geography^Japanese Studies and Political
    Science: "The East Is ^ Aud. Scholar's Club: Prof. Michael Payne on "
    Erratic Irony and Polarity In Shakespear's Anthony Dept, of Physics Film:
    "The Relation S a n  Program Lecture: Pfor. Marion Sonnefeld: " Kaf ka's
    View Of The Problems of Human ^ ^ ^

Heading: S
Content: ^ r e ^ i a n Soccer vs. Susquehanna 4.45 n.m. Catholic Mass 8:00 p.m. Student
    Information Services Film: 7:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m.
    8:15 p.m. 8:30 pm . 9:00 pm . West Field Rooke Chapel " Beyond Conception"
    Vaughan Lit. Aud. Rear of Swartz Hall Coleman Hall Theatre Bonfire and Pep
    Rally _ Pon ttr Dagger: "The Alchemist w*w>><<**** "ICHTHUS" (Experimental
    Religious Ghapel Friday. Octobep " Week-end (See Detailed Program) Freshmm
    Football vs. Gettysburg S t a t io n  Chlpel Jewish Services .. t AUtj Hall
    Theatre

Heading: Pumpkins
Content: Indigo wfll be sponsoring a pump kin sale on October 22, from 10:00 a.m. until
    5:00 pm . The sale wffl be held outside Harris Hall and in front of the
    library.

Heading: British Jan Plan
Content: There are stUl a few positions open on the tour of the English Theatre this
    January. If interested, please contact Harvey Powers as soon as possible.

Heading: Bus Trip
Content: Sign ups for the AWS bus trip to New York City, Thursday Nov. 5, will be held in
    front of the library next Wednesday thru Friday from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. Cost
    wffl be $5 which must be paid when yon sign

Heading: Slogan
Content: For a prize think of a slogan for the football game against Lafayet te. , n On
    Thursday, October 22, at 8:15 p m., there will be a pep-rally and sign
    contest. All hallgroups, houses, fraternities, sororities, any groups, or
    individuals are invited to enter. Appropriate prizes will be awarded based
    on ariginality of slogan and Slogan must be given to Sue Unger (Box W-304)
    by Tuesday, October 20. Signs must be present- ed at the pep-rally. 3:00 pm
    . 6:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:30 pm .

Heading: University Senate
Content: (Continued from Page 1) to inaugurate the proposal as soon as possible." He
    continued, "These amend ments are not demands but state ments of their
    views. They want the faculty to consider this part of their deliberation.
    Sitting on the floor, ABS member Bob Naschin said. " There are a number of
    reasons we drew tins out at this time. The faculty has been asking about our
    opinions. We feel the items discussed now wffl save time in the conference
    com- mittee. And very often, students will listen to faculty members, and
    then students can better reinforce their opinions." Before the final vote,
    Professor John Peeler deesribed the Senate proposal as " rendering student
    par ticipation. The earlier proposals never contemplated giving the stu
    dents such power.'' up. There are 41 openings but an other trip will he run
    if there is sufficient interest.

Heading: Volleyball
Content: The Womens' Recreational As sociation inter class volley ball practice starts
    Wednesday October 21 at 4:30 p.m. and ends Friday October 30. Practice hours
    are scheduled on Friday from 3-30-5:30. On all other days it lasts from 4:30
    to 5:45. Three practice hours are required to play in the tournament winch
    will begin on November 2.

Heading: Rome and Florence
Content: F. David Martin Professor of Philosophy has announced a Rome - Florence Study
    tour Jan Plan as a substitute for the cancelled Mid- Agean Tour. The tour
    wffl study the arts of the two cities with time for any independent study by
    any stu dent. The trip wffl leave January 2 and return January 30, at a cow
    of $475. The maximum enrollment is 25 and students are asked to contact
    Professor Martin as soon as possible if they are interested.

Heading: Cases
Content: " The " Policy on Academic Res ponsibility" adopted in April 1967 states that: "
    The Board of Review will prepare a report, omitting names, which wffl
    specify the num ber of each land of case reviewed and present a summary of
    the pen alties assessed. This report wffl be published in the BUCKNELLIAN.
    During the year 1969-1970 the Board reviewed 6 cases of alleged academic
    dishonesty, all of which were associated with a specific course in which the
    student was enrolled. The charges were sus tained in all cases, with recom
    mended penalties being, respecti vely, F on the paper (1), F on laboratory
    component of the course (1), and F in the course (4). Action on several
    cases which occurred at the end of the year was deferred until 1970-1971.
    IIM H IItlllltllltM t't" " " " " 11 H IIIM IIIHM tM M H tllt******1 Mr

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: w il l a lso f in d ro o m s

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    Area Code 717 A small fee is charged

Heading: LEWISBURG INN
Content: Luncheon--12:00 to 2:00 Dinner 5:30 to 8:00 p.m. Sunday Dinner 12:00 to 2:30
    only --Early American Atmosphere-- 101 Market Street, Lewisburg, Pa.

Heading: CLOSED MONDAY
Content: Ifil88lt*888888888*84 n u r r f f f ........ .............. " The whole world
    may be against it, but still man holds fast to the deep-rooted, passion ate
    striving for a positive ful fillment of happmess.

Heading: lew isburg
Content: 

Heading: friends
Content: 

Heading: m eeting
Content: 11:00

Heading: AM .
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY
Content: 

Heading: Vaughan Ut Library
Content: e x p a n s i o n

Heading: The Campus Pizza Delivery Service Announces
Content: 

Heading: *  Expanded Hours -
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 - 12 pm Sun. # Thur.
Content: 

Heading: *  Expanded delivery --  to individual rooms
Content: 

Heading: *  Expanded Menu --  Pizzas, Hoagies, Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: and Soft Drinks
Content: 

Heading: Call Gary's at 523-9251 30 minutes prior to delivery
Content: 

Heading: All orders C. O. D.
Content: 

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for Christmas, Easter or summer?
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities, economic flights, discounts.
Content: 

Heading: Write for information (air mail).
Content: 

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street, Newport. I.W .. England
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: d
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: STUDENTS INTERESTED IN:
Content: 

Heading: University Committee on Student Conduct:
Content: 

Heading: for
Content: 

Heading: adjudication
Content: 

Heading: or
Content: 

Heading: student
Content: 

Heading: violations
Content: 

Heading: o f
Content: 

Heading: university
Content: 

Heading: rules
Content: 

Heading: o f
Content: 

Heading: co n d u ct
Content: 

Heading: Sophomores,
Content: 

Heading: Juniors and Seniors Only!
Content: 

Heading: Freshman Advisor Committee:
Content: 

Heading: fo r
Content: 

Heading: consideration
Content: 

Heading: o f
Content: 

Heading: freshm an
Content: 

Heading: advisor
Content: 

Heading: seminar
Content: 

Heading: program
Content: 

Heading: Traffic Committee:
Content: 

Heading: UNIVERSITY TRAFFIC POUCY -  JUNIOR WOWN ONLY.
Content: 

Heading: PICK UP INTEREST SHEETS IN 225 MARTS HALL
Content: 

Heading: AND RETURN
Content: 

Heading: BY
Content: 

Heading: 3.0<< P. M-
Content: 

Heading: W EDNESDAY,
Content: 

Heading: OCTOBER
Content: 

Heading: 21, 1970
Content: 

Heading: PLEASE ATTEND ABS MEETING W EDNESDAY -
Content: 

Heading: 7:00 P.M. -
Content: 

Heading: HARRIS LOUNGE
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: * i

Heading: BU Overpowers Rider,
Content: 

Heading: Bullets Visit Saturday
Content: 

Heading: Bulldogs
Content: 

Heading: Hounded
Content: By BOB WENDEL " We got off to a very slow start, but when we scored during the
    third quarter, we were revitalized," was the shord description given by
    varsity soccer coach Craig Rey nolds concerning his team's 4-1 win over
    Rider. He continued, " Rider had better personel than I thought; the boys
    also played very defensively, and after what happened at Penn State, I think
    the guys were a little afraid of themselves." However, judging from  what
    hap pened throughout the gam e, the team  eventually did com e around. The
    first score came on a play in which Jim Davenport shot down the left side
    with the ball, and at the end line, he passed the ball back into the center
    of the goal-mouth, where Phil Campbell drilled it into the net. The half
    ended with a 1-0 score, but from the very even play, the gam e would
    obviously hinge on the second half, and it did. As the second half began
    B.U. was easily in control. The second Bison score cam e when Glenn Mars
    chipped the ball down the left side to Davenport, who once again crossed the
    ball back into the center, and the shot by Rich Col lins was good. Later in
    the sam e quarter 1he ball was lofted about 20 feet straight up by Collins,
    and after bouncing three tim es Joe Stein- metz drilled the ball into the
    net. Changing directions for the last quarter, B.U. continued to control,
    and Collins deflected the ball off a Bronco fullback and into the goal.
    Rider's only score cam e late in the quarter as a Bronco lineman brought the
    ball down the right side, and shot across into the left com er of the net.
    In commenting on the Rider of fense, Reynolds noted that although they took
    almost as many shots as B.U., m ost of them were from  20 yards or m ore.
    Concerning the gam e this Satur day with Gettysburg, the Bullets are
    currently 0-3, and since Rey nolds B squad was victorious over Gettysburg's
    junior varsity 3-0, it would seem  that the crowd at the Parents' Weekend
    game will see a good deal of offensive soccer.

Heading: MAC STANDINGS
Content: Team Delaware

Heading: Round Up Herd;
Content: 

Heading: Bisons Meet Leopards Next
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 13
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23. 1970
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL
Content: Lehigh Lafayette Rider Gettysburg

Heading: W
Content: 3 1 1 1 1 0

Heading: L
Content: 0 0 1 1 2 3 By DAN MILLER The Bisons were repulsed in their assault on The
    Citadel Saturday in the old Southern town of Charles ton, South Carolina.
    When the fire works were over, the Bulldogs had handed the Herd a 42-28
    defeat. The Bison defense prevented the Citadel from establishing then-
    powerful running gam e but Coach Fred Prender pointed out that " the Citadel
    counted on making the big play to win." The Citadel capitalized on Bison fum
    bles and took advantage of good field position on several oc casions to set
    up touchdowns. Opening the first quarter, the Cadets m arched from  their 25
    yard line to the 24 of BU in 15 plays be fore the Bisons stiffened to meet
    the charge. The Citadel was forced to settle for a 34 yard field goal. The
    Bisons picked up their only first half score when Tony Luca- damo recovered
    a fum ble on the Bulldog 27. Howie Burke engine ered a touchdown in four
    pJays cap ped by a pass to Greg Wright for the score. At the end of the
    first quarter

Heading: JV Booters Trounce Bullets
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: 3-0;
Content: 

Heading: Frosh Gridders Beat Bloomsburg
Content: By DAVE COULTER The Bison " B"  soccer team reg istered its second win of the
    year Friday, shutting out host Gettys burg 3-0. In spite of a strong wind
    which favored the windward squad each quarter, the BU defense was sel dom
    penetrated throughout the game. Playing a tight 4-2-4 formation the Bisons
    controlled the ball in Get tysburg's half of the field and pep pered the
    opposition net with shots. Meanwhile, the Bison goalie had com paratively
    little work to do as the team was never in serious trouble. Bill Byrne
    opened the scoring in the second quarter with a penalty kick. Jim Hindel
    tallied another score in the second half as did Byrne, driving in his second
    goal of the day. The B-team this year is designed to include players not on
    the var sity regardless of their academic year. This adjustment from  a
    fresh men team was made to best uti lize the ruling allowing freshmen to
    play on the varsity. In this way promising freshmen are allowed to play with
    the var sity, while potential starters can continue to develop on the
    B-team. This year, however, the B-team is manned almost exclusively by
    frosh. Coach Reynolds, who watched the team  playing a scheduled game for
    the first tim e because of conflict ing varsity responsibilities, was "
    pleased"  with their play. He made note of the sharp heading, tackling, and
    passing that allowed BU to dom inate the game. The B-team now must prepare
    for Susquehanna, whom they host Thursday afternoon.

Heading: Frosh Football
Content: By RICHARD VROON The Baby Bisons staged a re markable comeback Thursday.
    Slaughtered 51-6 by Cornell on Oc tober 16, they rose out of their ashes to
    a 36-0 romp over Blooms burg. The Bisons' points cam e on five touchdowns.
    Second-string quarter back Carl Probst, substituting for injured regular
    Will Pike, threw three touchdown passes and ran for two m ore. The other TD
    cam e on a long punt return by Stan Page. The of fensive blocking was good
    enough to make possible a total yard gain- age of 230. Defensively, the
    improvement was even m ore astounding, as wit nessed by the big " 0"  on the
    board for the visitors. Coach Lane felt that his tackles were especially
    tough against their small but fast opponents. The coach was very justifiably
    proud of his team's spirit and de termination in rebounding from  the
    Cornell nightmare. The freshmen now have two wins and two losses, with
    another key game slated for Friday here against Gettysburg. the Bisons were
    ahead 7-3. The rest of the half was dismal as far as the Bisons' cause was
    con cerned. Gene Luccarelli, playing his first gam e under lights, dropped a
    punt on the BU 35 that the Bulldogs prom ptly turned into a TD. After an
    exchange of punts, The Bulldogs found themselves at mid- field and scored
    again on a 54 yard pass play. Another BU fumble led to the Cadets' third
    score and 27-7 half tim e lead. The second half featured the sam e type
    football with the Herd maintaining long scoring drives and the Citadel
    unable to establish a running gam e but scoring on long pass plays. The
    tallies for the Herd were by Rich Diez on a 2 yard run, Jay Griffin scored
    on a 22 yard end around play and Greg Doviak tos sed a 16 yard TD pass to
    Bob Ciper- son with 1 second left in the game. Coach Prender acknowledges
    that both the coaches and the players were disappointed by the loss, but
    they are convinced that the Bull dogs " know they were in a foot ball gam
    e." Prender said it was the first time that most of the team had been ex
    posed to power football the way it is played in many Southern Con ference
    schools. " The crowd shows a lot of enthusiasm for the team ." The Cadets
    spiritedly fired off a monstrous cannon and played Dixie after every Bulldog
    score. Once the gam e had to be stopped to quiet the Cadets so Burke could

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: call the offensive signals. As the Herd was warming up before the game, the
    cadets were marched past with eyes left, while they hissed at the Bisons.
    Prender asserted that while h e*' " would not like to play constantly in
    that type o f atmosphere perhaps it is a good idea to experience it once in
    a while to keep your per spective." The Cadets of Citadel were over joyed by
    the victory and by the fact that their leaves were extended to 2:00 a.m. to
    commem orate the win. Next year in the second gam e of the series, The
    Citadel w ill com e to Lewisburg. The Bison's record in now 2-3 with five
    games remaining. This Saturday they will meet the Lafay ette leopards in M
    emorial Stadium in front of a Parents' Weekend crowd. The Leopards have
    played good football against Delaware and Rut gers and Coach Prender expects
    an exciting gam e.

Heading: TEht Ruckntllian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: /  &

Heading: ClasSy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe, Legal (N .Y.) and Inexpen sive. Please
    call Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All in quiries confidential.
    MINI WEARERS & WATCHERS-- National college survey now in progress. $1.00
    gives you a large pin on button to be worn at all times, ?low ing that you
    are be hind the m ini and also counts you in our survey.

Heading: Corsages --  Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: S t e in ' s F lo w e r s
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: 

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: Watch Repairing & Engraving
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: SASSAMAN'S MUSIC STORE
Content: 

Heading: 3 Miles South of Mifflinburg --  On Route 104
Content: 

Heading: PHONE MIFFLINBURG 966-0834
Content: 

Heading: PIANOS
Content: --

Heading: COMBO ORGANS
Content: 

Heading: AMPLIFIERS --  GUITARS
Content: 

Heading: Other Stringed Instruments. Books and Most
Content: 

Heading: Musical Supplies
Content: 

Heading: PIANO TUNING SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: OPEN EVENINGS 4 TO 8 --  SATURDAYS 1 TO 8
Content: ____

Heading: W HATS P LAYIN G ?
Content: -------

Heading: POST ON BU LLETIN  BOARD
Content: 

Heading: E X P A N S I O N
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: ANNOUNCES
Content: 

Heading: EXPANDED HOURS-- 10:30 p.m. - midnight Sun-Thurs-
Content: 

Heading: EXPANDED SERVICE-- to individual rooms
Content: 

Heading: EXPANDED MENU
Content: 

Heading: SANDWICHES (One Size)
Content: 

Heading: .Filet of F ish
Content: 

Heading: __________________
Content: 

Heading: Corned B eef
Content: 

Heading: __________________
Content: 

Heading: $1-00
Content: 

Heading: Hot Sausage
Content: 

Heading: ----------------------------
Content: 

Heading: LOO
Content: 

Heading: HOAGIES
Content: 

Heading: Sm.
Content: 

Heading: Lg-
Content: 

Heading: Regular
Content: 

Heading: _______________
Content: 

Heading: . _ $ .65
Content: 

Heading: $1-25
Content: 

Heading: Tuna
Content: 

Heading: _________________
Content: 

Heading: .90
Content: 

Heading: 1-65
Content: 

Heading: Turkey
Content: 

Heading: -----------------------
Content: 

Heading: .95
Content: 

Heading: 1-75
Content: 

Heading: H am
Content: 

Heading: ---------------------------
Content: 

Heading: .95
Content: 

Heading: 1.75
Content: 

Heading: Italian Steak
Content: 

Heading: ---------------
Content: 

Heading: .95
Content: 

Heading: 1.75
Content: 

Heading: Cheese S teak--------------
Content: 

Heading: 1.05
Content: 

Heading: 1.95
Content: 

Heading: M eatball
Content: 

Heading: ---------------------
Content: 

Heading: .85
Content: 

Heading: 1.55
Content: 

Heading: Roast Beef __
Content: 

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: 1.10
Content: 

Heading: 2.05
Content: 

Heading: ALL SOFT DRINKS (14 oz.)
Content: 

Heading: 30c
Content: 

Heading: PLUS OUR COMPLETE LINE OF ITALIAN STYLE PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: Order 30 minutes prior to delivery
Content: 

Heading: All orders C.O-D. no tax no takeout
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY'S
Content: 

Heading: AT
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAY, SUNDAY, MONDAY,
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY
Content: 

Heading: Spend a marvelous evening w ith eight of the boys
Content: 

Heading: ?J
Content: 

Heading: ' f  V
Content: 'A

Heading: ,
Content: ^

Heading: Mart C row ley's
Content: 

Heading: ' *THE CCT5INTUEB4NI)**
Content: 

Heading: ...is not a musical
Content: AChem Goto Fin Pfexntabon * AhbtionJGcnoJtoupRdeae Co!atvDd>>g*[Rl^^

Heading: Feature Times: 7:00 --  9:00
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THF. BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 20, 1970

Heading: Frame
Content: 

Heading: af_ Reference Explored
Content: 

Heading: ABS Commences Senate Debate
Content: 

Heading: Lusty Speech
Content: M am m on (Anthony G osse) expresses his lust for the gold brewing in the alchem
    ist's laboratory to Face (Stuart W hite), in Ben Jonsons The Alchem ist.'
    Cap and D agger's first production this y e a r ,jt w ill be per form ed
    tonight and tomorrow night at 8:30 in Coleman Theatre. Tickets m ay be
    purchased at the bookstore or the box office. News Analysis By ERIC RIESS
    The ABS has begun considera tion of the University Senate which was passed
    by the faculty Monday. Wednesday night, at the first of what would appear to
    be a long series of debates on the document, Dave Lacy, ABS president, led a
    discussion which outlined many of the 'hidden' problems which the students
    must consider before they even begin to amend the proposal. The most
    important of these con siderations is, as he said, " the con text in which
    the ABS is going to consider the document."  He con tinued, " Are we going
    to try and pass a document which we know

Heading: ID Cards Issued
Content: 

Heading: IFC Closes Parties to Non-Members
Content: By RICHARD DAY Wednesday afternoon, in a special meeting of the Inter-Fraternity
    Council, the body, by a vote of 11-1 decided to close all parties to non-

Heading: Freshmen Request
Content: 

Heading: Abolition of Honrs
Content: By GINA SMITH Freshman women presently are circulating petitions calling for the
    ' ' abolition of freshman women's hours. The signed petitions will be
    presented to the AWS, which has the power to revoke curfew. AWS President
    Stuie Oliver feels that this motion can be considered seriously after the
    freshman wo men have thoroughly looked into the question. She notes,
    however, " The AWS is really busy now. Adoption of this m easure would be
    pending discussion. I think it has a chance for success, but, of course, I
    can give no definite answer right now." Andrea Van Horn, president of Harris
    Hail and unofficial organ izer of this effort, plans to present the signed
    petitions at an AWS meeting. She hopes that " as many freshman women as
    possible"  will accompany her, so that all views of the proposal can be
    expressed. These petitions are the result of several meetings, organized
    inde pendently of the freshman house councils. At the most recent meet- -'in
    g, Thurs. Oct. 15, the twelve girls present formulated this statement.
    (Continued on Page 4) IFC, ran the meeting in which KDR Bob McCormick,
    president of the IFC ran the meeting in which KDR was the only dissenting
    house on the party issue. The question of whether or not to permit
    independents to attend parties has been an issue of great er controversy the
    past two-three years. Individually, Phi Psi, TKE and DU had already decided
    to foreclose the privilege once of- lered independents, and with the passage
    of the proposal, all IFC m em bers have now adopted the policy of exclusion.
    Though enforcement of the re solution " will be the responsibility of the
    individual fraternities,"  the concensus was that " bouncers" would be
    initiated to control traf fic into the houses during parties. To facilitate
    this process, IFC identification cards will soon be issued to all registered
    fraternity m em bers, and admittance to all parties will demand the presenta
    tion of the card. Guests will be issued special stamps to show au
    thorization. Prim ary reasons for the proposal of the document were embodied
    in the proposal. ,, effectively eliminate off campus personnel from  fra
    ternity parties in adherance to the requests of the Pen nsylvania Liquor
    Control Board.

Heading: _
Content: decrease the cost of re freshments served at fratern ity parties to non-members.
    3 . to make the exclusion o f fresh- men at parties during the rush program
    possible and enforce able. 4. to restore the social advantage back to the
    fraternities by nar rowing participation in fra ternity functions to those
    who have econom ically supported them. Also in a subsequent vote, the
    members decided to extend rush functions through this weekend. Houses will
    be open from noon on Saturday to 5 p.m . on Sunday. Freshmen were urged to
    attend as this will be the last opportunity to view the houses before
    prefer- entials on the 31st. that the faculty will approve or are we going
    to pass a document which we think is best for the University as a whole?" To
    some, there would not appear to be any difference in the two pos sibilities
    outlined by Lacy, but to many m ore students Lacy is re flecting the
    thinking behind the nine amendments brought up and consequently tabled by
    the faculty Monday. These amendments hit at what the October 16 editorial in
    H ie BuckneIlian called, " the distinct feeling that the faculty is trying
    to minimize student participation^ in the governing of the University." The
    'token' membership which students enjoy on many faculty committees as well
    as the feeling of under-representation on the most important com m ittee in
    the Senate, the committee on general policy and resources, appear to give
    cre dence to this claim . The ABS is faced with the pro blem of either
    changing this situa tion to something which they feel is more adequate or
    leaving the proposal as is, knowing that the faculty would have changed the
    student membership if they had wanted to. In either case the final decision
    will rest with the conference com mittee which will try and resolves
    differences between the faculty version and that of the ABS. Concern was
    expressed by some students that " even in the con ference com m ittee the
    students po sition will be untenable because we have nothing to bargain
    with. Bar gaining is a give and take proposi-

Heading: New Dorm Residents
Content: 

Heading: Favor Longer Hours
Content: 1. to 2. to By LINDA DIETRICK Roughly 90 percent of New Dorm residents want
    extended visitation hours for their living unit, accord ing to results of
    last week's com prehensive questionaire. A m ajority also favor keeping both
    inside and front doors un locked at all times, and relaxing accompaniment
    requirements for visitors of the opposite sex. " We are very pleased to have
    re ceived a 100 percent return on the questinoaires,"  said Gary Raynor, New
    Dorm president. From  the detailed information provided in them, the Dorm
    Council and Residence Halls director Judith A. Judy will draw up one primary
    and two or three " contingency" proposals for the approval o f resi dents.
    The proposals will be presented for examination and discussion at an open
    Council meeting Monday, November 2, at 7:30 p.m ., in New Dorm form al
    living room. " The proposals must investigate (Continued on Page 4) tion and
    the students don't seem  to have anything to give in this case." One other
    general area where students expressed concern was the recommendatory nature
    of the pro posals passed by the Senate. In the words of Robert Wendel, " The
    only power which the Senate has is to review and recommend, but in m ost
    cases the document doesn't say to whom it recom mends. It would be much
    better if it were clearer, to whom the Sen ates' recommendations were go
    ing." John Dunlop, dean of student af fairs pointed out, that, " If is the
    re sponsibility of each of the present governing groups on campus to pay
    attention to the actions of the Sen ate and take action on the ones that
    affected them." The specific problem of the im plementation of Senate
    decisions by mem bers of the administration was also brought up. Concern was
    expressed that the Senate did not have enough power

Heading: to
Content: enforce their decisions if a mem ber of the administration was op- (Continued on
    Page 4)

Heading: Bloodmobile Solicits
Content: 

Heading: Increase in Donors
Content: The Red Cross Bloodmobile w ill he on campus October 29 from  10:45 a.m. to 4:45
    p.m . in Davis Gym. Last year the drive netted 205 pints, an increase of 40
    pints over previous years but Red Cross Di rectors have noted that an even m
    ore substantial increase is need ed because of the urgent need for blood.
    Each councilor in the dormitor ies has an appointment sheet, as do all
    officers of the fraternities, and sororities. The appointment sheets must be
    completed by Mon day so that the regional office in Wilkes Barre can be
    informed of the approximate number of donors expected. Anyone without direct
    access to one of these sheets may sign up in Olin Science Building Room
    133. The appointment will take ap proxim ately one-half an hour. Besides the
    advantage of placing the area in a high priority stand- (Continued on Page
    4)

Heading: J
Content: i < t

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: t i <3 n c a r i>> zi ti e| a ri ri

Heading: Opposes Combat in Vietnam
Content: 

Heading: Resigned Officer Criticizes War Crime Policy
Content: 

Heading: Frosh LUR Nominees
Content: Freshm en and off-cam pus elections w ill be M onday, October 26. Voting w ill
    be conducted at the cafeteria during lunch and dinner. Off-cam pus ballots m
    ust be received no later than this date. Trax By LINDA ANNE CAPUTO A lecture
    on "M ilitary Virtue and Pentagon War Crime Policy"  will be deliverel by
    Captain Robert Johnson Tuesday, at 8:00 p.m  in 101-B Coleman. This lecture
    is being sponsored by the Political Science Depart ment. Captain Johnson, a
    1965 graduate of West Point, was an officer in the U.S. infantry and served
    with the M ilitary Assistance Command in Vietnam. While in Vietnam, he
    resigned his commission as a means of pro test and then returned to the
    States to promote anti-war policies. Presently, Captain Johnson is in volved
    in three anti-war organ izations. He is vice-president of the State of
    Maryland Veterans for Peace which consists of Vietnam veterans, as w ell as
    other vet- erans. He is also the co-ordinator of the Concerned M ilitary
    Academy Graduates Against the War in Viet nam. And the acting East co
    ordinator for the National Com m ittee for the Citizens' Commis sion of
    Inquiry on United States War Crimes in Vietnam. This committee will hold a
    hear ing in Detroit on Decem ber 1-3 at which over one hundred Vietnam
    veterans will discuss war crim es. It is the contention of this group,
    supported by Captain Johnson, feat war crim es are not m atters of chance
    happenings but that they are matters of policy extending to the highest
    level of civilian and m ilitary leadership in fee United States." Several
    Vietnam witnesses will be present an Windsor, Canada to testify at this
    meeting. Intemation- al lawyers of reputation, includ ing Professor Richard
    Falk from Princeton Law School, will attend this assembly. Prior to his
    scheduled public lecture, Captain Johnson will be on campus to conduct
    private class discussions on the issue of compara tive m ilitary and
    civilian relations. According to Professor Gene Chenowefe, chairman of the P
    o litical Science Department, a de bate between Captain Johnson and a ROTC
    representative was pro posed as a means to expose two different points of
    view on this m ilitary issue. However, this pro posal was rejected on the
    grounds that m ilitary values are not po litical values. Still, it is
    Professor Chenowefe s desire that a discussion w ill fol low the lecture in
    which various opinions will be voiced. Harris Debbie Ahlstedt Lexie
    Alexander Leslie Campbell Donna Gerrits Stacey Kean Klin Larson Linda
    Mariani Jill Sloat Larison Keith Anderson Bill Freeman Eric Leroy Curt
    Musselman Jim Nevels Steve Norton Robert Owen Steve Valenti Koenraad
    Vandegaer Donald Woehling Roberts Eileen Angle Paula Finklestein Susan Grant
    Jance Havey Jackie Morris Mary Raso Mitchell Burke Steve Copulsky John
    deGroot Ed Feibel Rick Kleinert Tom Leonard Mickey Sinkus Hugh Wenger Kress
    Les Baker Dave Bemis Norbert Church Neil Daeubler Mike Hanrahan Tom
    Hardcastle David Moore Ira Perman Bill Whitney Off-Campus Eric Cohen Tom
    Ditzler Alice Eriks on Jeffrey Kassel Ivor Lewis Marion Payack David Stein S
    i %

Heading: BE
Content: !Mw u E E E i

Heading: Boycott Phys Ed
Content: 

Heading: Physical activity and / or exercise
Content: 

Heading: may well be beneficial to the health and
Content: 

Heading: well-being of all persons, not j u s t  stu
Content: 

Heading: dents, but it is
Content: n ot

Heading: something that
Content: 

Heading: should be forced on students at specified
Content: 

Heading: times during the week.
Content: 

Heading: In addition, it is difficult to under
Content: 

Heading: stand why, of all the courses offered by
Content: 

Heading: the university, physical education is the
Content: 

Heading: only one that is required of all students
Content: 

Heading: The Faculty of the College of Arts
Content: 

Heading: and Sciences moved in the right direc
Content: 

Heading: tion last year when they eliminated spe
Content: 

Heading: cific courses that would be required o
Content: 

Heading: all A.B. candidates. They, however, ig
Content: 

Heading: nored consideration of the physical ed
Content: 

Heading: ucation requirement on the grounds that
Content: 

Heading: it was a university requirement rather
Content: 

Heading: than a college one.
Content: 

Heading: . . .
Content: 

Heading: 4.
Content: 

Heading: The simplest and quickest way to
Content: 

Heading: eliminate this confining requirement is
Content: 

Heading: for those students who do not wish to at
Content: 

Heading: tend gym classes at specified times to
Content: 

Heading: SimPM
Content: 

Heading: ? ,  << '"Sough students partici-
Content: 

Heading: Date in this permanent boycott ot phy
Content: 

Heading: sical education classes, it would not be
Content: 

Heading: surprising if the requirement itself mi
Content: 

Heading: raculously dissappeared.
Content: 

Heading: This might be a small but signit
Content: 

Heading: cant beginning in obtaining a truly free
Content: 

Heading: and open university
Content: 

Heading: Letters
Content: 

Heading: Editor
Content: 

Heading: U nrealistic
Content: lear Editor, After reading various letters that ave appeared lately in the Buck-
    ellian, I am startled not so much ,y the opinions expressed, as by he extrem
    ely unrealistic concept he students appear to have regard- ng abortion.
    Certainly there is a ieed for som e type of population control in our world
    today. And it cannot be denied that it would be better not to bring a child
    into the world at all, rather than to condem him to a life long
    institutional ex istence. However, abortion is not the simple answer so many
    people think it is. Unfortunately, it is not as clean and as easy as a trip
    to the dentist's office. Perhaps merely witnessing an abortion would change
    the minds of many. In the capacity of a Registered Nurse, I have
    participated in legal, hospital abortions. I have never found that the
    decision to termin ate a pregnancy was the thought ful agreement of mother
    and doc tor." , . . . Rather it was the decision of a panicked young girl. A
    seemingly quick solution to an unpleasant sit uation. Without sufficient
    know ledge of what she was to undergo, and without careful explanation of
    the details of the provedure, many girls found themselves in a situa tion
    they were far from  ready to cope with. These girls went home without
    illegitim ate children, or an unwanted pregnancy, but with deep psycological
    scars that will, I am afraid last a long time. The fact that to some of the
    stu dents, abortion is the why to free woman from  the " enslavement of
    pregnancy,"  as was stated in a previous letter,or to elim inate the " life
    long burden"  a couple creates (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Stay Healthy
Content: Carlton, Duke, Frappe, Hint, Sano, M arvels (except for non- filter variety) and
    Sano cigar ettes are rated lowest in Tar and Nicotine Content by the Federal
    Trade Commission. There is a chart of some sixty brands and their ratings in
    the library.

Heading: RQ3BB
Content: 1&SMWPKSS 1-ACflU flLLRiGKISJSSfWED

Heading: THE JAUNDICED EYE=
Content: 

Heading: Vanishing Minorities
Content: By KENNETH DOWST:

Heading: :GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Right On'.
Content: By JERRY NORTON MEMO TO: The Hon. Richard M. Nixon, President of the United
    States. FROM: The President's Commission on Vanishing Minorities. De&We^
    realize * that, generally, Presidents' Commissions are held rather low to
    ymn Esteem ; that the reports of the Kem er C o (tm)m n , the Walker
    Commission, the Eisenhower Commission, the Sorantm Com mission, the
    Obscenity Commission, and, most recently the Civil R i g s Commission, have
    met hardly the warmest reception from  your Nevertheless, we decided not to
    quit while we were ahead Spiro discovers us) because, frankly, we enjoy our
    salaries and expense accounts. It is fortunate that we did not quit, for we
    have made a dis- covery which may be of interest to you. At present time, we
    have concluded only a sm all part of our an- thropogfcal research - we have
    not even finished with the Commonweal h of Pennsylvania, the first state on
    our agenda. However, we wanted to share with you a surprising observation we
    have made: Contrary to popular opinion, the American nigger is far from
    extinct. No tS s L not a hoax. I have seen them with m y own eyes and
    thanked Gol for the sight) - a whole colony of them (unlike the original
    niggers) seem  to be of if-r ig h t ' <<.hat the hell- a nigger's a nigger,
    no matter what color his skin is rignt. W ^ t h o u g h t fS  a precticto
    joke at first, so we lived among them and studied every detail of their
    lives: We put on brassieres and hair curlersw kh them! we remained silent to
    class with them; we purged our minds of all deep philosophical thoughts with
    them. We went to cocktail parties with them, and later bragged of the!num
    ber of whiskey sours we had consumed; we went to sorority teas with them,
    and even worried if we would get a bid from  Kappa, or would have to settle
    for DZ. We bragged of our virginity (and perhaps stretched the (Continued on
    Page 3)

Heading: FEEDBACK: Colloquy
Content: Editor's Note: The Riverside Community offered some of their impressions of the
    University in their newsletter. RIVERSIDE COMMUNITY was invited to send some
    people down to Bucknell University for the week end of September 25-27.
    (Colloquy). Rick Beardsly, of Bucknell and Riverside, had set up lectures
    and demonstrations to a variety of areas. Some of our observations were:
    Bucknell to a very conservative school and pretty well out of the main
    stream of current events . . . from  world affairs to campus agita tions;
    even though the students we spoke with had already had some experience with
    sensitivity train ing they were pretty much out of touch with their feelings
    and be ing a high scholastic level made head-talk easier and m ore impres
    sive; there to less variety of ec onom ic backgrounds there and the students
    to general seemed very sure about what direction they wanted to take with
    their lives; they seemed less aware of the other hinds of people that they
    might con tact at a big city school; the stu dents were very friendly, nice
    and pleasant to us. We all felt som e frustration about not being able to
    help them get to touch with their feelings (and, to som e cases, not being
    able to ad m it that they had any feelings at all.) The difficulty of
    working to such a lim ited time period didn't help, either. Personally, I
    got anxious at being surrounded by a large group of people . . .  all close
    to ages and activities . . .  not exposed to the conflicts of everyday life
    . . . con tinuing in this isolated way all through 4 years at college and
    com ing out educated but not aware of themselves or their feelings. When I
    tried to picture the way River side's teenagers would get along at Bucknell
    I was even m ore uneasy. I was also afraid of the idea of go ing to there
    and starting something that I would not be around to follow up on. We drove
    down to Lewtoburg, Pa. on Friday evening. We had had no set ideas about what
    was expected of us or what we could do for Buck nell. Arriving late we sat
    and rap ped with some of the students while they found some room s for us to
    stay to. Saturday morning we m et and decided to go to a lecture on Sensi
    tivity Training being given by Dan and Bonnie Siller of Washington, D.C.,
    and play it by ear from  there. Through excerctoes groups were form ed that
    included us all. Before breaking for lunch we said that those who were
    interested to con tinuing could meet us again after lunch. Even though a lot
    of other activities were scheduled about 40 students and guests showed up.
    We broke into groups and m et for the afternoon. (One group included Jane
    Howard, author of " Touch Me"  who sat in for an hour.) That evening there
    was a concert and som e general conversation. Our people got together late
    that night for feedback and reinforcem ent. Sunday we left shortly after
    lunch for the long drive back home. With varied experiences, includ ing
    pleasures and frustrations, we were all glad we'd gone to Buck nell and had
    the chance for a week end very diferent rom  the usual Riverside event.
    Elissa Van Rosen lie-

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: t h e

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 23, 1970 the sunny days will disappear when They invade our shores and
    tram ple round to sundaybest to wonder and to bore each student hides his
    secretshame from  faculty alert the student union rises high to hide
    (unsightly) dirt and taking time to clean their rooms and for midterms to
    pray bucknellians, forsee the storm it rains on Parent's Day T,, rrv Norton
    is 24. He graduated from  the University of Oregon Honors College in 1968
    Phi Beta Kappa and HaPP* ^ " o ^ S u d e ^ S ^ t e , was journalism. Norton
    served two years on the U. of a  Studen and was chairman of its Public
    Affairs Com mittee. Norton was strte chairman of Youth for Reagan during the
    1968 Pre^ f ,J f ti^ ,^ ctar has served as a chapter chairman, state
    chairman and National lw -ecw r Sf Y

Heading: S
Content: Am ericans for Freedom . He was YAF's college R e cto r m 1*8, leaving to serve
    20 months in the Army, including one year m Norton is currently em ployer by
    National YAF as its chapter director and director of the Free Campus News
    Service. All power to the people" . , . A wrong-righting rally, rock
    festival, or rock-throwing isn t com plete today without some would-be
    Robespierre chanting that tedly it contains no words longer than two
    syllables, which p ,, r i L intellectual reach of m ost New leftists, but
    one still wonders if >>they know what it means. The average person might be
    tempted to say it m ea ^  m apn ty litieal rule but then in a race between
    Spiro Agnew and Jerry Rubm highly doubtful th e' latter would win. The d^
    EURDsi^ n S S l l y ^ t h a t rfaim  with his M ilitary-Industrial-Complex-
    under-every-bed m entally, mat ? r

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: >> " S l l y  control n o ^ a t a n that'sco rre ct and assuming it was changed,
    would the Silent M ajority vote the Cleaver-Rubin ticket? Doubtful, right?
    So m ajority rule is not what they have in mind. Maybe what they mean to
    power to particular P j>>ple.W e# would be time-consum ing to shout " All
    power to radical ^ "* > * * ^ drop-outs, militant blacks, poor whites who
    didnt ^ fdegr Watiace, and Dr Spock,"  but the shorter version tends to m
    islead those h u m ^  wh alwawTthought o f them selves as people. Only our
    friendly aeightwrhood New Leftist knows for sure, of course, who goes up
    against the wall and who doesn't. , . , , __ , The sad truly sad, thing is
    that such a hackneyed slogan is typical of a^revolution that to supposed to
    represent something' Revolution after revolution to history has claim ed to
    act for tee> P ^ le > whoever they are, and " the people"  have served as an
    excuse ^ count less acts of savagery and despotism . When New L eft leaders
    scream All S w er to the P4 l e , "  it's evident from  their actions -
    shouting down speakers theyPdon't want to hear, blockading classes tiiey d
    on t want " tend -  that they mean " all power to us as the People's self-
    appointed representatives, and if the people don't ^ ^ / s S ^ t i S them
    they better get out of our way. Hitler and Stalin were sure th y were doing
    what was best for " the people"  too. 1 U  suhehotiye p a rt<< >> this
    .logan ia "a ll Children and Gentle People are long gone. Now the New Left w
    an << power, and that power means coercion and bom btog and shooting.
    Nothing original about that. W e n  the Estaousn ment does it the New Left
    says sarcastically that it s  killing for Peace. S t o t o g t h a t , tad
    considering it was the New le ft  who cn tim ed th e officer who claim ed he
    had destroyed the Vietnamese town m, ord(r)I!^ deg save it one wonders how
    the New L eft gained a reputation as beu^ less hvnocritical than older
    generations. The New Left loves everyone, except (

Heading: S
Content: l ciass, Pigs, and people over 30. The New Left is against war abroad, but for
    it here at home. Napalm to bad, firebom bs are good. The New L eft is for
    the people, except when the people disagree with it. c> Would you really
    prefer " the people"  to have all the power over your life Dower backed by
    the coercion of the state, or would you rather the Deopto*' and the state
    lose some of the power they atoeady have over PS w r life'  A much better
    slogan, and a much m ore radical on^ would be " A ll power to the
    individual."  Let neither Mark Rudd nor r 'E S S . S . e r t S u c r . t ,
    but << .e  ihdividwd him self u u te  ta , (tm) decisions about his own
    life.

Heading: lElje f& ucknellian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL
Content: STUDENT

Heading: NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: 01 m S t<< m ^ & r  ll, l& T  at the port X c f a t l

Heading: S
Content: " x, ^ ^ d e T t h e  act of March S. 187>>.

Heading: PA U L OSHER --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CH ARLES RESNICK --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: RTT.T, LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: T otters Comment on Abortion, Senate, Alumni
Content: 

Heading: Letters
Content: 

Heading: lo o t
Content: 

Heading: r - avwsuawi
Content: (Continued from  Page 2) through illegitim ate conception, shows basic ignorence
    for sex uality, sexual relations, and repro d u ctio n . There are easily
    acces sible, inexpensive methods of birta control. Any intelligent, inform
    ed person, m ale of fem ale, with a mature, realistic attitude towards
    sexual intercourse, can use these. Also, there are legal, relative!* sim ple
    methods of sterilization > available to both m ales and fe m ales. Abortion
    to certainly not the only way to prevent unwanted children. Whether or not
    abortion is synon- omous with murder, to difficult to say. It to true that
    professional people are unsure of the exact m o ment when the human life^ of
    the fetus begins. However, to this argu ment m erely one of sem antics? I
    have seen legal abortions perform ed at five, siv, and even seven months
    gestation. I have also seen a child, born prem aturely at seven months, live
    to go home. To base so much on an hour, a day, or a month, to a cruel
    technicality. And even if a fetus is not regarded as posesstog human life,
    certainly it has the potential o f life. And is destruction of this
    potential so different from  the de struction of life itself? Perhaps
    abortion does have a place to our society. I feel it

Heading: I
Content: should be made available to the poor and uneducated who already have too many
    mouths to feed. Let it be used as a last resort with people who are too
    uninformed to obtain and use methods of birth control. In this way, it m ay
    truly eliminate unwanted and unloved children. But let us not regard a
    proceedure as scarring as abor tion, as a panacea for the affluent young,
    who have been blessed with the opportunity to avoid such a situation to
    begin with. (M rs.) Maureen Fam a, R.N. abortion to murder, think about the
    homo-cide of man, all man. M er Wiren

Heading: Anonym ous
Content: To the Editor: , ,, , Regarding John H. Kueffner s quote of an annonymous Roman
    Catholic Priest: " I will consider the fetus a living being when they start
    having funerals for m i scar- riages." It is understandable that the priest
    who m ade that statement would like to remain annonymous. Sincerely, Mary R.
    Kashner

Heading: Facts of Life
Content: To the Editor: After reading Miss Gough s letter (October 13 issue), and fam
    iliar izing m yself with the " facts of 1970 life"  which she spelled out
    for m e, I bAgan to doubt the quality of 1970 life. What will becom e of a
    society to which love to so selfish as to not want to be burdened with
    children? I rem em ber studying about the fall of Rom e, and how increasing
    cor ruptness of the Romans morals contributed to that fall. Is this where
    our world is head ed? This whole idea really worried m e -- until I decided
    that natural selection would solve the problem. The advocates of abortion
    those who don't want to be enslaved by child-raising and the like (as Miss
    Gouch put it) -  wiU have no off spring. . . . . . They will have no
    children to rear in their way of thinking. These people are thus a dying
    breed. Wait a few  generations, and they w ill be extinct. Sincerely, Mary
    Kubic

Heading: The Senate
Content: 1 have som e comments on the guest column by Robert Wendel to the Octobre 13,
    Bucknellian. Most importantly, he to simply mistaken to saying that the
    Senate would have only the power to rec ommend to the Faculty and the ABS,
    without the right to recom mend directly to the President. In fact, exactly
    the contrary to true to the proposal before the Fac ulty: the Senate would
    be set up as the authorative representative of the University Community, mak
    ing recommendations directly to the President as delegate of the Board of
    Trustees. In the event of persisting disagreement with the ABS or the
    Faculty, the point would be arbitrated by a separate com m ittee, whose
    decision would con stitute the final recommendation of the Community. It to
    thus com pletely inaccurate to view this proposal as analogous to the
    Council. We no longer pro pose a Senate which approaches sovereignty, but
    neither do we call for one which is a mere committee of the Faculty, as the
    Council was. Rather, the jurisdictions of the Faculty and the Senate are
    more clearly separated than they were to earlier proposals, with the Fac
    ulty having clear prim acy in mat ters of academ ic policy while the Senate
    has a much m ore clearly defined role as spokesman of the Community to
    resource allocation policy. , This to the key issue: can ana should these
    two be separated? I believe that it would be better if they were not,
    practically speak ing, here at Bucknell, the only way to achieve such unity
    is by the Faculty assuming the role of the Senate, with perhaps token
    student participation, an alternative which was rightfully rejected by the
    Fac ulty last year. The Faculty ^ with such responsibilities would simply
    becom e choked, and student par ticipation would scarcely bt mean ingful. ,
    It is no secret that I regard the current proposal as a good deal less than
    what I would like to see. In many ways, the concept of a co operative
    University Community represented and embodied to a Senate dealing with all
    University policy, has been lost. What remains, however, is a substantially
    increased level of par ticipation by all elem ents of the community to
    decisions which af fect them vitally. I do not believe it to possible at
    this time and place to have the changes to the Uni versity which I desire.
    But this proposal is still a very substantial improvement. . We should never
    lose sight of our ideals, but the road to their realization to not
    necessairly that of rejecting intelligent compromise. John Peeler fied, but
    it's such a lousy pun). If you mean to an ecclesiastical sense, then I
    submit that the contribu tions of all are minimal. If you refer to
    inspirational or emotional contributions, I say again that it is merely
    untapped because of some barriers to communication. The physical ones I hope
    to remove as quickly as possible. Then there are the deaf ears: one
    belonging to the alumnus im mersed to his own work-familiar sphere, the
    other to the academician, suspicious, if not totally intolerant, of anything
    generated outside of academia. They will require a great deal of
    cultivation. On financial contributions, you have either been m isled, or
    have made a hasty judgment. If you will check with the Development Office,
    you will discover that 50% of the first $7,000,000 raised to the current
    campaign is alumm-related con tributions. By that I mean direct gifts from
    alumni or gifts which some alumnus was instrumental in obtaining. I think
    the alumni can play an important role to the life and pro gress of this
    University. Consider- abel tim e to now being spent defin ing roles that our
    varied alumni may play to the University Com munity and which will be of
    bene fit' to the many worlds of Buck nellians. In the interim, things are
    beginning to happen to which you may eventually be exposed. Sincerely, Jack
    E. Brothers Director of Alumni Relations find that Mr. Osher's commitment to
    Bucknell exceeded his own. Sincerely yours, Harry L. Staley '52

Heading: Majors
Content: To the Editor: I agree repletely with your ed itorial on a General Major. I
    mean, suppose we end up to Alaska, but have only packed a pair of swim ming
    trunks and a snorkle? Stoerely, Sharlon Curtz

Heading: Nixon As Manson
Content: To the Editor: The analogy which Mr. Wein berger makes of Manson-to-Holly- wood
    -- Nixon-to-Vietnam to utterly disgusting. Quoting from  the last part of
    the lengthy editorial, " There you have it. Nixon to Man- son, doing it to
    the flickering-im age Viet Cong . . . " No, Mr. W einberger, there you have
    it. I cannot subscribe to this line of reasoning.

Heading: A READER
Content: 

Heading: The Draft
Content: To the Editor : The other day I received a letter from  an organization called
    Local Board No. 44 in Plainfield, N .J. ordering me to report for induc tion
    into the Armed F orces of the United States on October 23, 1970. I refuse!
    As a teacher at Temple Uni versity and a Bucknell alumnus, I am engaged to
    creative and ed ucational processes; the Selective Service System is engaged
    in a destructive process. I cannot co operate with such a system. The
    Selective Service System to an illegitim ate and immoral au thority that
    curtails the freedom of all men to this country. Not only am I opposed to
    participation in war or to the armed forces in any form , but I am opposed
    to coop erating with a racist system that channels young men into so-called
    useful positions in society. I am aware of the legal impli cations of my
    action, but I do not accept them passively. The essence of this action is
    freedom  not only for m yself, but for all my brothers and sisters who are
    being repres sed. Peace, John Mahoney, Jr. '69

Heading: The Jaundiced Eye
Content: By KENNETH DOWST

Heading: Alumni
Content: o --

Heading: << a j a s >>
Content: 

Heading: Doctor's Bag
Content: To the Editor: . Reading the Bucknellian in U.L. on Tuesday I was appalled by
    the adverse reactions of some to " The Doctors Bag"  and to the letter by M
    argie Gough, and by the phrase in that letter " abstractions like 'The
    Population Explosion.'"  For those who don't yet know, tins is 1970 and the
    world's number one problem  to pollution. Pollution can not be ignored. We
    are literal ly fillin g ourselves (and everything animal, vegetable, or m
    ineral (yes we're working on that too) around us), and we w ill be literally
    dead very soon unless we stop produc ing people right now. People are
    pollution. The world can not afford m ore pollution. The only chance we have
    of reaching " old age"  to through population control. If you are one who
    thinks

Heading: Should We Even . . .
Content: To the Editor: I'm  sure you anticipate a re sponse on the " Should we even..."
    question to your October 13 edi torial. If you're simply posing a ques tion
    to which, as you go on to say, there are no current answers, then I'm
    considerably less rankled. But, if " . . . since their contributions to the
    University, intellectually, spirit ually and financially are mini m al?"  to
    a judgement on your part, then I disagree. There to considerably m ore in
    tellectual" contribution m ade to this University than you, the rest of the
    student body and the faculty realize. One of m y earliest tasks is to
    identify these sources for the on-campus community and provide you the
    vehicle for tapping them. For my current needs, I look to these sources for
    intelligent con tributions. And

Heading: I
Content: use the words to- terchangably though, according to W ebster's, the only mutual
    synon ym  to, rational. Not to dwell on se mantics, but

Heading: I
Content: perceive the first as highly developed thought; the sec ond as skillful or
    shrewd judge ment Any institution obviously needs both. If you perceive
    intel lectual as scholarly thought ex clusively, then perhaps we have little
    to disagree about. " Spiritual" contributions leaves m e nonplussed.

Heading: (I
Content: would say mysti- To the Editor:

Heading: I
Content: write in reference to Mr. Osher's recent article, " Athletics and the Senate"
    (Bucknellian, Oct. 13). My comment to not directed at his personal view on
    the value of intercollegiate ahtletics, but at the question-statement "
    Should we even waste our time bothering with the alumni since their
    contributions to the University, intellectually, spiri- turally, and
    financially are mini m al?" , . Whether the University ought to " waste our
    time . . .with alumni" is a legitimate, though debatable, question. The
    characterization of their contributions as " minimal," to my opinion,
    exceeds the facts. The obvious rebuttal, of course, is " Look around you.
    How did this all get here, without the intellect ual, spiritual, and
    financial support of our alumni and friends? How do you minimize a building,
    a scholar ship fund, or a work of are?"  One cannot fault today's student
    for failing to appreciate what the ad dition of a library meant to terms of
    University life in 1951; it does m ystify one a bit to realize that such
    contributions are, even today, considered minimal. This however, to not what
    really disturbs me. It to the implication that Bucknell alumni do not count
    because they don't care. That is sim ply not true. In recent months I have
    shared the experience of the President, trustees, and development staff to
    working on the capital campaign. I have met, com e to know, and worked with
    literally hundreds of alumni who have given Bucknell a substantial amount of
    their time and talent--and, to the process helped to raise the " minimal"
    sum, to date of $7,400,000. Everyone of them has responded simply because
    they were asked to help. Why? I can only surmise that they must care about
    Bucknell. Is this the kind of support one characterizes as " minimal?

Heading: I
Content: don't think so. To those of us who have had to ask for their assist ance and
    financial support their re sponse has been nothing less than inspirational.
    However, if Mr. Osher disagrees, all to not lost. For he, too, will som eday
    be an alumnus. He wto i hope, have a lifetim e to which to make his
    intellectual, spiritual, and financial contributions to Bucknell. No alumnus
    I have ever m et would deny him the satisfaction of a m ax imum contribution
    or be upset to (Continued from  Page 2)

Heading: M
Content: with t h >> . And S I 'E t k e  it an ^ lon gerfbtoth ese pwpte seemed as though
    they could go on form er. Needless to say, our excitement was boundtoss.
    dancing and eating T he, are so h aw *; <* ! S

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: K
Content: 

Heading: ' S
Content: j ' S

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: m m*
Content: * watermelon (or, m ore commonly, nieeers) to that they are satis-

Heading: <<
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: achieve personal maturity. radical liberals among even theim b u ll'M il
    pleasedto report that the malcontents are making tittle or

Heading: "
Content: 

Heading: z:
Content: ago. She perceived that mem bers f _ _ ^ other people to the area all the
    rights, privileges, ^ -  t pages 0f space to any organ- enjoyed. When a
    local newsP3P(r) she panned to take advantage o! ization or cause with
    somethmg

Heading: . J ''
Content: m ore) fellow malcontents, it. Enlisting the aid of hati-dozen^)some say ^ e M ^
    o w  ^ qPS she plotted to use the newspaper t

Heading: P
Content: right to m ore the colony taat they o u ^ t to have ^ ^ household drudgery

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: S Z S S S t t short, that f c y  ought to nuouhoe their v w colony was that she
    gave up before she had " Look you know what the with one two. caned a m e e
    ^ PS PS * ? PS a curfew (which, apparently, wise' 1 "^  . been advertised
    for more than S S S S S l  S (tm) h X i t e J  i . S o r  oi % M i l  but ih
    e *  * << << . (r) b s particularly the m ore radical ^ ^ t least one place
    to At any rate, it to reassurmg to ? H i e  most part, this Republic, there
    stiti exists cherished virtues of humility, ^

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: K
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: t l.e e  Tomism. * >>d  lhat is why I'm  proud m be ^ H. Schneebeti Secretary of
    the Commission

Heading: GRAPHICS
Content: 

Heading: AN EXHIBITION & SALE
Content: 

Heading: FiM presented by
Content: 

Heading: flpi LONDON GRAFICA ARTS
Content: 

Heading: l E w
Content: 

Heading: a member of the
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: London Arts Group
Content: 

Heading: WHEN HUNGER STRIKES
Content: 

Heading: STRIKE BACK ! ! !
Content: 

Heading: CALL 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: More than 400 original etchings,
Content: 

Heading: lithographs, woodcuts, and
Content: 

Heading: screenprints including
Content: 

Heading: bY!
Content: 

Heading: CALDER, CHAGALL, PICASSO,
Content: 

Heading: VARSARELY, REMBRANDT and
Content: 

Heading: LONDON ARTS' PUBLICATIONS
Content: 

Heading: originals from $10 to $4000
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNEU UNIVERSITY
Content: 

Heading: COLEMAN HALL LOBBY
Content: TUESDAY --  OCTOBER 27 11 a. m . --  6  p. m. # # ##MMMKMMMMUMMH #NMMMMMM j MMM
    m , jnm,

Heading: International Club Lecture
Content: 

Heading: Davis Speaks on Middle East
Content: By JUNE HEISTAND Peter Davis will speak on " Jor dan and the Palestinian
    Refugees," on Monday evening. A native of Wales, Mr. Davis is a professional
    photographer. His most recent assignment, and the one upon which he will
    base his presentation, was to construct a documentary on the Middle East
    crisis for the Canadian Broadcast ing Company. Although Mr. Davis had a
    longer stay in the mid-east about ten years ago, his assignment with the
    Canadian network de manded that he return this sum mer. !Being British and
    having the freedom to travel on both sides, Davis can take a nonpartisan
    view of the conflict. He emphasis will be on the human aspects which tran
    scend the nationalities involved. Davis, however, does not ignore or
    overlook national interests, n iis summer, National Educational Tel evision
    carried his two-part series " The Advocates,"  which dealt with the Arab and
    Israeil perspectives. On Sunday, the Canadian Broad casting Co. will run the
    first film of his latest three-part documen tary. For this reason, he cannot
    bring this material; he will how ever accompany his talk with other
    pictures. His talk will be at 7:30 p.m. in room 101-B Coleman Hall. Davis'
    presentation is being sponsored by the International Club. He will be on
    campus Monday afternoon through Tuesday morning.

Heading: Hours
Content: 

Heading: Blood
Content: (Continued from Page 1) ing, each donor will receive a card as evidence of the
    donation. This is a credit in case a member of his immediate family needs a
    transfusion. Normally blood receiv ed from a blood bank must be re placed by
    a donor supplied by the recipient. Parential permission slips are not
    necessary this year due to a change in the state law. The drive is sponsored
    by the Inter Fraternity Council.

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 524-0744
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: SCSCXJiSSSCSSXSiJiSfXNiOCJCSiJCSiXSCXJC

Heading: C. P. D. S.
Content: 

Heading: Emily M. from
Content: 

Heading: juiet to questing.
Content: Wrap adventures up the way you want them to be --as you wrap up in our Rivoli
    Wrap Coat. So classic. So cozy, fabric is Doeskin.

Heading: *76c
Content: 

Heading: ? y o K t
Content: 

Heading: S fo fi
Content: 

Heading: Happenings o f Note
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: Cap & Dagger's Production Continiies TMs Weekend
Content: 

Heading: L'Agenda
Content: There are copies of the 1970 L 'Agenda still available for six dollars. If you
    are interested in buying one, please contact Mimi Starr at box W445.

Heading: Carnations
Content: The residents of Roberts Hall are sponsoring a carnation sale in all residence
    halls and fraternity houses. Orders will be taken Mon day and will be
    delivered Novem ber 7. The cost is 25 cents for each carnation.

Heading: Ushers
Content: Anyone who wants to Usher for the John Sebastian concert, write box B-561.

Heading: Co-ed Dorms
Content: Following the football game to morrow, parents are invited for re freshments in
    New Dorm living room. A forum on co-ed dorms -- what they are, their
    advantages and disadvantages, etc. -- will be held in the pit at that time.
    Ques tions will be encouraged. (Continued from Page 1) Their reasons for
    abolition of cur few include the present restric tions infringe upon the
    girls' " per sonal right to make decisions in the college situation." The
    petition also cites the fact that many freshman women have had no hours at
    home and the suc cess of no curfew during the recent Colloquy weekend.
    Furthermore, the statement as serts, " Freshman women are as responsible as
    the freshman men who have no curfew. The men have gone through the same
    period of adjustment with no curfew. We feel we are capable of doing the
    same." Despite this effort, however, Miss Van Horn feels that freshman women
    don't favor the abolition of hours " too strongly."  She states, " Most
    girls aren't too worried about this problem."

Heading: Send Her A Pizza
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Friday, October 23 3:00 p.m. Freshman Football vs. Gettysburg 6:30 p.m. Jewish
    Services 8:00 p.m. Hilltop: " Chafed Elbows" 8:30 p.m. Cap & Dagger: " The
    Alchemist" Saturday, October 24 Memorial Stalium Meditation Chapel Vaughan
    Lit. Aud. Coleman Hall Theatre Olin Science Aud. West Field Memorial Stadium
    8:00 a.m. Graduate Record Examinations 11:00 a.m. Soccer vs. Gettysburg 1:30
    p.m. Football vs. Lafayette 5:45 p.m. Buffet Dinner and Discussion for
    Parents Hunt Hall Living Room Cap & Dagger: " The Alchemist" Coleman Hall
    Theatre Music for Parents Davis Gymnasium 8:30 p.m. 8:30 p.m. Sunday,
    October 25 9:00 and 11:00 a.m. 9:30 a.m. 11:00 a.m. 2:30 p.m. 4:00 p.m.
    Chapel: The Rev. Mr. James E. Gardner Rooke Chapel Catholic Mass Skydiving
    Demonstration Hockey vs. Center County Club Catholic Mass Vaughan Lit. Aud.
    West Field Loomis Field Rooke Chapel

Heading: Teachers
Content: A representative of the NYC Board of Education will be in the education office
    this Tuesday, at 3:30, for conferences with persons interested in teaching
    positions in the City schools.

Heading: Freshmen
Content: Any freshman wishing to run for class office should pick up a peti tion from the
    Dean of Student Af fairs Office and return it with 50 signitures from the
    Class of 1974 by Friday, October 30th. Any fresh man may sign as many
    petitions as he or she wishes. There will be a general meeting of candidates
    on Monday, November 22nd in the second floor lounge of Roberts Hall at 6:30
    p.m. Final elections will be held Monday, November 9th.

Heading: Indigo
Content: The Indigo steering committee has scheduled a mass meeting to discuss campus
    needs. The meet ing is Monday, at 7:00 in New Dorm Pit. Students may raise
    ques tions about philosophy and internal structure of the organization and
    sign up to help with fall projects. All members of the University com munity
    are invited to participate. Men and women with suggestions on expanding co-
    ed programs are encouraged to attend the October meeting.

Heading: ABS
Content: Monday, October 26 4:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. Dana
    Engineering 228 Freas-Rooke Pool New Dorm Lounge Faculty Computer Seminar
    Family Swim Nite Indigo Mass Meeting . International Affairs Club Lecture
    and Film on the Pales tinian Refugees Coleman Hall 101B English Dept. Film:
    " The* Rules Of The Game" Vaughan Lit. Aud. Tuesday, October 27 Exhibit of "
    Shapes by Beckley"  (Through November) Library Galleries London Grafica Arts
    Exhibit and Sale Coleman Hall Lobby Contact Lecture and Discussion: Mr.
    Bradley Tufts, " Public Relations and The Bucknell Image" New Dorm Lounge
    Catholic Mass Rooke Chapel Phi Beta Kappa Coleman Hall 102A Alpha Chi Omega
    Halloween Party for Faculty Children Larison Lounge Intercollegiate Debate
    Society Vaughan Lit. 203 Securities and Investment Lecture Coleman Hall 102A
    Christian County Organization Vaughan Lit. Aud. History of Mathematics Film
    Series: " Applications Of Group Theory To Practicle Physics" Olin Science
    Aud. 8:00 p.m.

Heading: A.A.U.P.
Content: University Lounge 8:15 p.m. Music Dept. Concert Vaughan Lit. Aud.

Heading: Art Exhibit Opens
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: Features
Content: 11:00 a.m 12:30 p.m 4:45 p.m 4:45 p.m 6:30 p.m 7:00 p.m 7:30 p.m 7:30 p.m 8:00
    p.m By PAMELA MAY " Shapes,"  Opening of an Exhibi tion: Paintings and
    Prints by John Beckley, Professor of Art, will be held Tuesday night,
    October 27 from eight to ten in the Bertrand Library Gallery. " My art is
    the opposite of ex pressionism," explained Beckley. " With expressionism,
    one ob viously expects an expression. In stead, my art is a nonstatement
    which, in a sense, ecomes an ex pression also. But the difference is one
    would not look at one of my pieces and say, 'Wow, what's he trying to say?'
    I begin with a cal culated image, but it is, in essence, a preconceived
    expression without expression, meant simply to be enjoyed." In reference to
    the opening night Beckley commented, " An exhibi tion is a theatrical
    production: it is exciting to attend and has a pre vailing atmosphere.
    People look at one another as much as the art. I find it amusing, for it's
    amusing to have all kinds of people come and look at things on the wall. It
    should be something everybody wants to do because they don't get a chance to
    look at walls that often!" The catalogue itself, to be dis tributed at the
    opening, is a piece of art. It is " four in one,"  that four im ages to be
    manipulated by indi viduals other than the artist. " Art should be a
    participatory experience," Beckley declares. " People become involved in art
    usually by looking at it, but if forced to manipulate it themselves, then
    they are certain to experience direct participation in the work of art." The
    exhibition is open to the public and will remain on display through November
    27. Refresh ments will be served opening night. (Continued from Page D posed
    to them. Dean Dunlop point ed out that one of two things would probably
    happen in such a case. Either the particular administra tor would not remain
    in his posi tion long because it should be clear that " the philosophy of
    the Uni versity and the particular adminis trator were in conflict, and the
    ad ministrator would probably not want to remain here." Both issues,
    concerning the power of the Senate find answers in the implied powers of the
    Senate. The Senate then becomes a formal pressure group on members of the
    University. The overriding issue in the debate was the real power of the
    Senate. The question becomes " Does the Senate really have any power or is
    the faculty just trying to make it look that way to please the stu dents?"
    Lacy brought up the point that President Charles H. Watts, II must think
    there is some power vested in the Senate because he is giving up his
    chairmanship of the fac ulty to become chairman of the Senate. Final
    questions brought up in cluded the role of the ABS with regard to the Senate
    committee on student life and the necessity of the committee of arbitration.
    Many students voiced opposition to the committee because it has no student
    members at present, and as Geoff Blood pointed out, " In the final analysis
    it is the ultimate authority and will decide the policy which the University
    is to follow." According to Blood. " It defeats the whole purpose of the
    Senate if eventually the power is going to rest with a small committee."
    Because of the absence of a quorum no votes could be taken at the meeting
    but Lacy noted that the real purpose of the meeting was informational rather
    than vot ing on the document.

Heading: Visitation
Content: (Continued from Page 1) all the details,"  said Ransor, " all the pros and
    cons."  The Council will consult with the Disciplinary Committee and the
    personnel deans to work out ways of handling pos sible problems arising from
    an

Heading: North Front Street
Content: 

Heading: 17 Bound Avenue
Content: 

Heading: 742-9392
Content: 

Heading: 742-8818
Content: 

Heading: DAN'S USED
Content: 

Heading: FURNITURE
Content: HOURS: MON., TUES., THURS., FRI., 1:00 TO 9:00 P.M. SAT. 9:00 A :M : TO  5:00
    P.M.

Heading: CLOSED ALL DAY WED.
Content: open dorm situation. Students are urged to voice their opinions at the open
    meeting. " We realize all options have to be considered,"  Gary continued.
    The primary proposal will represent the majority opinion from the ques-
    tionaires. Alternate proposals will be pro vided in case the first meets
    with disapproval from the administra tion. The final draft of a proposal, in
    cluding all details, will be submit ted to Miss Judy. If approved, it must
    be passed in turn by John P. Dunlop, Dean of Student Affairs, by President
    Charles H. Watts, II. Parents may discuss the possible hours extension with
    Dorm Council members at a forum on co-ed liv ing, tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
    in the pit. By SONDRA BRANDLER As I attempt to dash off a master piece of
    dramatic criticism, I find the task very difficult. I begin to wonder why I
    agreed to review The Alchemist at all, why I did not take refuge in the
    excuse that I was just recovering from a bout with theatrical flu and was
    not yet healthy enough for literary ex ercise. Instead, for some reason
    which is not yet clear to me, I braved the Lewisburg autumn and made it to
    the theatre just in time for the opening performance of The Alchemist. The
    impressions which follow are, for the most part, en tirely my own, colored
    by my own particular prejudices and tempered by my very own flu. The choice
    of The Alchemist for this year's opening production was an excellent one.
    The play, a bril liant satire by Ben Jonson, is one which does not seem to
    lose pop- ularity as the years pass. As Pro- "  lessor Baumwoll indicates in
    the directors notes which appear in the Cap and Dagger program: " The
    Alchemist achieves its comic effects by stripping pretensions and exposing
    hypocrisies."  I might add that pretension and hypocrisy are as familiar to
    modern audiences as they were to seventeenth cen tury ones. The plot centers
    around the ac tivities of three swindlers, Subtle (Charles Yollock), Face
    (Stuart White) and Dol Common (Sandra Martin), as they attempt to lie,
    Charlie Pollock, as Subtle, takes a " c o n ju r in g " stance as he per
    forms in Cap & Dagger's produc tion of " The Al chemist." In his monk's
    robe, he seems almost an other Harold Hill of " The Music Man,"  as he ad-
    diVssbs his vic tims. (All Cap & Dagger photos by Gary Norton). steal and
    cheat their way to sud den wealth. Playing on the greed and lust of their
    victims, the three devise an elaborate and nearly successful less able to
    overcome their own avarice and lust than are their dupes. As the play
    progresses, it be comes clear that Jonson wished to indicate that greed
    prevades all sectors of society. Each victim be comes the representative for
    a group attitude rather a clearly de veloped individual personality: Dapper,
    the young law clerk, Sir Epicure Mammon, the pleasure seeking knight, Abel
    Drugger, the merchant, Ananias and Tribulation Wholesome, The Puritan
    preachers, and so on. The fact that the characters are intended caricatures
    rather than fully developed personalities gives the play tremendous comic
    poten tial. The actor must simply under stand the few key motives which
    shape the character he plays and then build on these. Nothing the actor does
    is too wild or too ex aggerated as long as his interpre tation is consistent
    with his charac ter's limited dimensions. In the perfect production of this
    play, each character would be de veloped to the absolute limits of farce.
    Professor -Baumwoll, in di recting the Cap and Dagger pre sentation, seems
    to have intended this interpretation, but the pro duction fell somewhat
    short of the ideal. At times, the actors fully de veloped the humor of the
    situations they were presenting, but, par ticularly in the first act, the
    per- Charlie PoUock, Stuart White and Ed Denny (as Dapper) show the affects
    of fine acting (and costuming as well). scheme in which, among other things,
    they promise to turn all metals to gold, through alchemy. The swindlers,
    however, are no

Heading: Indigo Creates Program
Content: 

Heading: Following Minor Changes
Content: By JOAN STEIN Features Editor's Note: In an interview with Pat Slover, pres
    ident of Indigo, reporter Joan Stein discovered what changes evolved with
    the re-vamping of the organ ization, and how its members are elected. Those
    findings are reveal ed in the following article. Three years ago, Indigo
    stopped functioning as an organization sole ly for independent women, and be
    came, instead, an organization for everyone. Indigo strives towards one main
    goal: interaction. It encourages interaction between faculty and stu dents,
    upperclassmen and fresh men, and virtually any other sim ilar groups on
    campus. The only part of Indigo that is limited to a specific segment of the
    campus is the elections. Elec tions take place in the spring, and voting is
    done solely by the in dependent women. These worn<<>> must elect a steer-
    ing committee composed of three class representatives, a chairman, a
    publicity representative, a sec retary-treasurer and a sports rep
    resentative.

Heading: A
Content: junior counselor representative, also a member of this steering committee, is
    not elected by the independent women. This steering committee, open to all
    suggestions, plans Indigo's " cur riculum"  for the year. This year,

Heading: M
Content: Student-Faculty picnic has al ready been held, and plans for folk-singing and
    dancing groups, Yoga instruction, Thanksgiving Basket distribution to
    Lewisburg and a Selinsgrove Hospital Party are in progress. Indigo also
    sponsors a weekly Student-Professor lunch program in the student's
    cafeteria, with Indigo footing the bill. Though this semester's exents have
    already been planned, Chair man Pat Slover has emphasized the fact that
    Indigo is a very flex ible organization, and that anyone with an idea for
    activity may sub mit such to the steering committee for consioeration.
    Indigo is no longer an organiza tion strictly for independent wo men. It is
    a remodeled, revised, open-minded organization that wel comes everyone and
    everything. In fact, Indigo is what the students want it to be.

Heading: STRAND
Content: 

Heading: SUNBURY, PA.
Content: 

Heading: TODAY thru TUESDAY
Content: See the infamous massacre by the U. S. Army.

Heading: . "SOLDIER BUIE"
Content: w ith

Heading: CANDICE BERGEN
Content: 

Heading: and Peter Strauss
Content: Weekdays 7 & 9 Sat. & Sun. 5, 7, 9 formance was more subdued than it might have
    been. Part of this difficulty may have been due to the fact that the actors
    were still somewhat ill-at-ease in this maiden performance. As the play con
    tinued, the actors were able to loosen up and make good use of the comic
    potential in the play. Initally, the actors seemed to be struggling with the
    language, and the speeches were somewhat un even and not always clear or
    well- motivated. Occasionally, lines were swallowed, dropped or sped up be
    yond comprehension. It would be impossible to single out every performer for
    comment, but I believe a few points should be made. Charles Pollock as
    Subtle, Stuart " Snoozy"  White as Face, and Sandra Martin as Dol Com mon
    are all familiar to this Uni versity's audiences, having demon strated their
    abilities in numerous University productions. All three were in good form.
    The highpoint of Pollock's performance seemed to come as he, crucifix in
    hand, Christ-like in his monk's robe, ad dressed his victims on the need for
    virtue. White, though excellent throughout, was most successful in the final
    scene of the play in Stuart White and Professor Anthony Gosse, as Face and
    Mammon, re spectively, per form exceptional ly well in the pro duction. ( N
    o t e Professor Gosse's part will be taken over by Director Dennis Baumwoll,
    due to illness). which he charmed both Lovewit and those of us in the
    audience. Martain's facial expressions in her first appearance, unkempt and
    lascivious, set the tenor of the entire play. Though all three acted well,
    they did not overshadow those per forming in supporting roles. Most
    outstanding of these was Edward Denny as Dapper. Aside from the fact that
    Denny did an excellent job part of the credit for the im pression he made
    upon his audi ence goes to costuming, which out fitted him in fantastic baby
    blue baggy tights, beret and velvet pan taloons. Professor Gosse as Mammon
    was equally striking in pot belly black velvet and also did an exceptional
    job. (Ed. Note: Professor Gosse will not be appearing this weekend, due to
    illness. The director, Dennis Baumwoll, will replace him.) Two newcomers to
    the theatre, Robert Colgan and Kenneth Miller, (Ananias and Drugger
    respectively) also performed well, with Drugger sounding a bit like a
    seventeenth century Donn Knotts. Ronald Hornbeck as Surly had a role which
    permitted little elabora tion. He overcame this difficulty though, and
    delivered his lines with clarity of performance, even those which were in
    Spanish. The set design for this play was f particularly effective. The
    direct or and set designer made optimum

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Buy Her A Pizza
Content: 

Heading: fo r
Content: 

Heading: h er
Content: 

Heading: birthday
Content: use of their stage. They handled the rather ticklish problem of en trances and
    exits without difficulty. The one major flaw in the use of the stage
    involved the rather distracting imaginary front door of the set. The actors
    could not seem to agree upon the propor tions, weight and position of the
    door, and several swords, capes, hands and hats managed to wind their way
    through, around and un der the door as it was closed and opened from
    different levels, with different doorknobs etc. A solid stage door rather
    than an invisible one would certainly heve improved matters. In general, Cap
    and Dagger pre sented a rather difficult play, and handled it well, and I
    recommend rest, plenty of fluids, aspirin and The Alchemist for the flu -
    Asian Jacobean.

Heading: j raiajaiamaiHraiarBiaBraniiararai
Content: i

Heading: COLE'S
Content: 

Heading: HARDWARE
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. T7837
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1284
Content: lara a ta iH iB iB izia ia ra rg ra fa iiia ra ]

Heading: Corsages --  Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: OCTOBER 23, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: 

Heading: E
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: 

Heading: P
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: ANNOUNCES
Content: 

Heading: EXPANDED HOURS-- 10:30 p.m. - midnight Sun-Thurs-
Content: 

Heading: EXPANDED SERVICE-- to individual rooms
Content: 

Heading: EXPANDED MENU
Content: 

Heading: SANDWICHES (One Size)
Content: 

Heading: .Filet of Fish
Content: 

Heading: --------------------------
Content: 

Heading: Corned B eef
Content: 

Heading: --------------------------
Content: 

Heading: Hot Sausage
Content: 

Heading: --------------------------
Content: 

Heading: 1-00
Content: 

Heading: ALL SOFT DRINKS (14 oz.)
Content: 

Heading: HOAGIES
Content: 

Heading: Regular
Content: 

Heading: ----------------------
Content: 

Heading: Sm.
Content: 

Heading: $ .65
Content: 

Heading: __
Content: 

Heading: .90
Content: 

Heading: Lg.
Content: 

Heading: $1-25
Content: 

Heading: 165
Content: 

Heading: .95
Content: 

Heading: 1-75
Content: 

Heading: .95
Content: 

Heading: 1.75
Content: 

Heading: Italian Steak
Content: 

Heading: --------------
Content: 

Heading: Cheese Steak
Content: 

Heading: -------------
Content: 

Heading: MoatViall
Content: 

Heading: ________
Content: 

Heading: *95
Content: 

Heading: 105
Content: 

Heading: .85
Content: 

Heading: 1.75
Content: 

Heading: 1.95
Content: 

Heading: 1.55
Content: 

Heading: Roast Beef ----------------
Content: 

Heading: 1.10
Content: 

Heading: 2.05
Content: 

Heading: 30c
Content: 

Heading: PLUS OUR COMPLETE LINE OF ITALIAN STYLE PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: ,,
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: All orders C.O-D. no tax no takeout
Content: 

Heading: Order 30 minutes prior to delivery
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY'S
Content: 

Heading: AT
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: J t
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 23, 1?7U

Heading: Frosh and Frats
Content: 

Heading: Survey Relates Reactions
Content: 

Heading: Regarding Rush Activity
Content: By DAN MARTIN Freshman men, in the six weeks they have spent at the University,
    have been exposed to a number of aspects of the fraternity rush pro gram.
    With a barrage of activities aimed at acquainting the men with the
    University's fraternal organi zation, what is the impression that has been
    conveyed with regard to the rush program and the individual fraternities
    themselves? In order to investigate the gen eral attitudes toward
    fraternities among the Class of 1974, one fresh man hall group was
    interviewed regarding their feelings toward the activities of the past six
    weeks. The results of this survey are not intended to speak for the entire
    class, but are hoped to present a fair picture of the major reactions to
    fraternities at the University. The Facts Of the men questioned, just un der
    20% of them did not participate in any of the rush activities, in cluding
    the formal rushes held on two Sundays in September. The re maining freshmen
    felt that only a limited amount could be learned from these formal affairs,
    and any impressions gained through this process was not a particularly valid
    one, since the brothers were prepared for the activity and pur posely
    neglected to behave in their normal manner. Most students were at a loss,
    however, to mention any other formal methods of introducing the freshmen to
    the University's fra ternities. It was generally felt that even though the
    brothers of a par ticular house could not be eval uated, the freshmen could
    tell something about the brother who acted as his guide, and he could
    somewhat evaluate his interest in the house, if only by the physical make-up
    of the building. As to the individual fraternities themselves, more than
    half of the men interviewed were somewhat less than impressed with the
    houses they saw, or only suffici ently pleased with one or two; but freshmen
    did indeed decide which houses they liked the best and which they wanted to
    return to later. It seems, too, that the first im pression was the lasting
    one, and that the freshman who was shown around a fraternity by a brother he
    considered unpleasant was not likely to return to that house. Almost
    everyone who partici pated in the first open rush week found this activity
    generally re warding. It was a good chance to speak personally to several
    brothers, and seemed a good op-

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: .......
Content: 

Heading: FOR THE MAN WHO
Content: 

Heading: HAS EVERYTHING
Content: portunity to view the fraternity as it " normally functions." The majority of
    freshman men were likewise pleased with the in formal rush weekend, and
    found it a good indication of the social activities of the houses. Based on
    the formal rush, open

Heading: Freshman Women Favor
Content: 

Heading: Harmon's
Content: 

Heading: Hours - Policy's Retention
Content: 

Heading: 1 1
Content: 

Heading: Forecast
Content: 

Heading: Jocko!
Content: 

Heading: Giacomelli Leads Gridmen
Content: _________________ _______ j  j --v, at nt fi'22" . 200 survey was that several
    freshmen, who were almost certainly against joining a fraternity before the
    start of the school year, decided in favor of joining after participating in
    the rush program. In addition, though, some men who were in favor of joining
    had

Heading: L on d on  G ra fica  A rts
Content: An exhibition and sale of original graphics will be presented in Cole man Hall-
    Lobby, October 27, 1970, from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. The wide range of the
    history of the prints covers artists from Rembrandt to Picasso. rush week
    and weekend, and oc casional participation in discus sions with brothers at
    the Bison, slightly more than two thirds of the interviewed freshmen expres
    sed either a definite interest or a more than passing interest in join ing a
    fraternity. The Feelings They felt that fraternities were either necessary
    or very favorable to social involvement at the Uni versity, referring to '"
    social"  as signifying both associations with a close group of men and
    opportuni ties to meet women. Those who decided against fra ternities, or
    tended toward that view, did so for several reasons. While some felt that
    they had no need for fraternity life (in that they did not care for the
    increased social activity or felt it would be a bad influence on their
    academic pursuits), others objected to the cost or were opposed to the
    organi zation for " moral reasons." One interesting result of this yet to
    find a particular fraternity that interested them. Also learned was the fact
    that although several men were aware that illegal rushing was being prac
    ticed (rushing procedures deviat ing from the set of rules set down by the
    Interfratemity Council), they felt that the violations were insignificant,
    and one freshman suggested that rush rules be elimin ated altogether. By
    JACKIE STUBBA Hours for freshman women: there's so much talk going on,
    opinions flying and plans to some how abolish them by either sleep- outs or
    petitions. In the past two years there has been a strong move ment to change
    the situation ex isting beforehand. As a result of that, hours were
    lengthened to a more " reasonable" time and fresh man women were restricted
    for only one semester rather than the whole year. One sophomore recently
    suggest ed that his class had "gotten it down to that"  and, now, it was up
    to this year's freshmen to " get rid of" the rest of it. Yet it seemed there
    was not much support for the sleepout this past Homecoming weekend. Just how
    do the freshmen women of this year feel about " hours?" The majority of the
    freshman wo men polled are in favor of having hours, at least until mid-
    semester. " I doubt if I'd be out later any way. I can wait until second se
    mester to do without them. I think it's necessary for discipline in the
    beginning," explained Janet Ger- lach. Karen Sharman said, " I don't mind
    them. It hasn't restricted me so far. I don't think one semester of hours is
    hurting anyone." A popular view besides hours for one semester is keeping
    hours, but only for half of the semester. " I think you should have hours
    until mid-semester. After this time we've adjusted as much as we're going
    to," said Debbie Ahlstedt. Sue Spiece agrees, saying, " People for get that
    we haven't had mid-terms yet, so it might be good then. But after that we've
    adjusted to most everything." Of the same opinion, Ann Wen- gert: " For the
    first two months you should have hours. But now (after two months) it's a
    hassel be cause there are times when you want to stay out later." Several
    girls proposed a compro mise of having hours on weekdays, but not on
    weekends. They feel such a system is needed during the week for discipline,
    but that the freedom would be good on Fri day and Saturday nights. Cindy
    Wilk explained, " Hours are good on weekdays, because it's good to gauge
    yourself to study, but not on weekends." Although not a majority, there are
    many freshman women argu ing the other way (in favor o ' at abolishing hours
    from the start). "When you worry about getting in a certain time it wrecks
    your evening,"  thought Karen Simpson. Marti Feinberg stated, " I like to
    stay out all night--personal free dom. I don't like people telling m e when
    to come in. AWS has no right to tell me I can't go out when they * can." "
    It's foolish-the girls have them and guys don't. Girls are supposed to be as
    mature as guys,"  said Nancy Homberger. Stacey Sines agreed, " It's not fair
    that we should have them and the men don't. If we've come here to grow up,
    having hours isn't grow ing up." On a " practical"  side, engine ering
    student Randie Johnson said, "Then I could work up on the lull after
    midnight in the open class rooms." There doesn't seem to be any strong
    movement to abolish hours completely from this poll. The freshman women are
    satisfied to have hours while they are first adjusting to college life. The
    time limits seem reasonable and not re strictive; however, frosh girls would
    like to see the hours policy changed to include only half of the semester.
    Most of the men would probably like to see hours completely abolished, that
    seems " normal;" but there are some advantages which a few women would
    appreci ate. One girl joked, " Having hours is a good excuse to get rid of a
    bad date."

Heading: r~
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: Lrivial
Content: The fire hose in the basement of Roberts Hall measures 96 feet, 6 inches. There
    are eleven (yes, 11) gar bage cans behind President Watts' ( house. In 1911
    the East College Build ing was erected for a cost of $62,088.78. And from
    our Trivial labora tories: Fifty people can stand in the base of the tallest
    pipe of the organ in Wanamaker's Philadel phia.

Heading: Counseling Service's Function
Content: 

Heading: Rests in Problem - Discussion
Content: 

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for Christmas, Easter or summer?
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities, economic flights, discounts.
Content: 

Heading: Write for information (air mail).
Content: 

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street, Newport, I.W., England
Content: 

Heading: SASSAMAN'S MUSIC STORE
Content: 

Heading: 3 Miles South of Mifflinburg --  On Route 104
Content: 

Heading: PHONE MIFFLINBURG 966-0834
Content: 

Heading: PIANOS
Content: --

Heading: COMBO ORGANS
Content: 

Heading: AMPLIFIERS
Content: --

Heading: GUITARS
Content: 

Heading: Other Stringed Instruments. Books and Most
Content: 

Heading: Musical Supplies
Content: 

Heading: PIANO TUNING SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: OPEN EVENINGS 4 TO 8 --  SATURDAYS 1 TO 8
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 23, 1970 By JOAN STEIN Halfway up the hill, in the base ment of the
    Botany building next to the C.A., is the small suite of rooms that houses
    the Counseling Service. This is a service with one central function: to help
    students with their problems. The service, in operation for many years,
    concerns itself with a wide range of personal problems: ranging from
    choosing a major and getting to the bottom of poor aca demic motivation
    ("sophomore slump" ) to working out problems with home or parents and
    discuss ing the use of drugs. Any subject which involves personal conflicts,
    confusion, or lack of information
    llllHIIIIIBIIIIHHilHillllHIIIIHIIHIHUIIHHltlHIIIIHinnBHiU Color Productions
    Present

Heading: IN CONCERT
Content: 

Heading: Blood, Sweat & Tears
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAY, DECEMBER 5
Content: 

Heading: FARM SHOW ARENA HBG., PA.
Content: $5.00 Advance ticket purchase $6.00 Door ticket price Send self addressed
    stamped envelope to: Color Productions, Inc. BOX 336, HARRISBURG, PA. 17108
    ItM iHIIM UllH Him M IM im iH IIM lIlW H Ilf is considered appropriate for
    dis cussion. The discussion is a private talk between Dr. Wilder, (a
    psycholog ist) and the student. Like psychia trists, ministers, and doctors,
    psy chologists subscribe to certain pro fessional standards. One of the im
    portant standards as far as the stu dent's welfare is concerned is con
    fidentiality: what can students dis cuss without fear of exposure? The
    Ethical Standards published by the American Psychological As sociation state
    that " safeguarding information about an individual... is a primary
    obligation of the psy chologist." And the University takes the position that
    " the contact between the student and the . . . psychologist is to be kept
    com pletely confidential so that every student will be free to ask without
    fear of exposure." This confidentiality will be broken only when the student
    is a serious danger to himself or others. Dr. Wilder pointed out that, of
    1500 separate student problems over the last seven years, only twice was it
    necessary to involve parents or deans against the student's wishes -- and
    then only for the stu dent's own protection. Unfortunately, the strong em
    phasis on confidentiality may give the impression that the Counseling
    Service is reserved for people with " dark"  secrets, serious problems and
    severe psychological hang-ups. Though the Counseling Service is equipped to
    help with such prob lems, the majority of students who come to the
    Counseling Service are students who are looking for help with values, future
    careers, or rela tionships with others. More often than not, the student has
    as big a role in resolving his " problem"  as does the counselor. The
    counselor and the student have to work together if the student is to feel
    any real satisfaction from counseling. And it is usually the student himself
    who must decide what the right course is fen: him. PINNED: Pam Hale, BG '73
    to Bill Winkler, KDR '70. Debby Hartz, '73 to Tom Mc Donald, '71. Donna
    Richards, '72 to Greg Park, SX '72 (Gettysburg). ENGAGED: Debbie Kurtz/BG 71
    to Jon Ap gar, PG 70. Brenda Russell, 71 (Lebanon Val ley College) to Dick
    Horst, *71. Elizabeth Shaffro, PBP '71 to Jack Atkins, SAM 70. Marilyn
    Smith, '73 (Lycoming) to Alan Ford, 71. * * * Please send all announcements
    of pinnings, engagements and wed dings to " Private Eye,"  Box W-157, as
    soon as is morally possible. Although six weeks still remain of the 1970
    football season, there is one team that can almost clinch a post-season bowl
    game with a win this Saturday. 8th-ranged Stan ford, by notching a victory
    over U C.L.A., can take a giant stride . toward its first Rose Bowl appear
    ance since 1952. The Indians are a 10-point choice to win the big one. It
    seems we'd better do a quick analysis of our college forecasting average . .
    there just isn t room anywhere else. Through games of Saturday, October
    10th, we've been right in 676 games and wrong in 214 for a .759 batting
    percentage. Two weeks ago, we practically struck out in the East, picking
    only 14 winners out of 28 games. How ever, a couple of weeks earlier, in the
    Midwest, the crystal ball bounc ed amazingly right on 38 out of 43. So, it
    all seems to balance out. Meanwhile, back in the football warfare
    department, top-ranked Ohio State will ramble over Illinois by 45 points,
    and Texas, number 2, will crush Rice by 27. Notre Dame, still in third, has
    a vacation. 5th-ranked Nebraska i takes on the Cowboys of Oklahoma State.
    The Cowboys have a habit of surprising the daylights out of top- Tanked
    teams in the Big Eight. However, the Comhuskers will es cape trouble and win
    by 17 points. With the Little Brown Jug up for grabs, the 7-th ranked
    Wolverines of Michigan will clip Minnesota by nine points. Sixth-ranked
    Tennessee is 22 points stronger than Florida. Wichita State starts its 1970
    foot ball season all over again this week against. 9th-ranked Arkansas. The
    Razorbacks will win it, but we're offering no point spread. The Air Force
    and Arizona State, rated 12th and 13th respectively, will continue to win.
    The Falcons will beat Boston College by 17 while the Sun Devils will slip a
    big needle to Texas at El Paso . . the spread is 24 points. The Southeast
    Conference feature game this week pits 4th-ranked Auburn against 16th-rated
    L. S. U. The Tigers from Louisiana have wipped everyone since being upset by
    Texas A & M in their opener. However, the Tigers of Alabama appear to be
    stronger: Auburn to win toy 13 over Louisiana State. Tenth ranked Southern
    Cal should have no difficulty with Oregon . . the Trojans are favored by 223
    points. 14th-rated Houston will just edge Alabama, by one. By ALAN GROCHAL
    "The Davidson game was my best game of the season as well as the biggest
    team victory since I've been at Bucknell. These words were uttered by senior
    halfback Don Giacomelli af ter the Bisons' upset victory over Davidson,
    21-20. " Jock" turned in another consis tent rushing performance, picking np
    62 yards on 14 carries. Giacomelli is a co-captain along with defensive
    tackle Gene Depew. His main jobs are to lead team calisthenics and to act as
    a liason between the players and coaches.

Heading: BU Racketmen Shine in
Content: 

Heading: League Tennis Tourney
Content: By JIM LACKRITZ Last Saturday, three members of the Bison tennis team journeyed
    to Bethlehem to compete in the Middle Atlantic Conference Tennis
    Championships. From their fine performances at Lehigh, the netmen appear to
    be ready to capture a third straight MAC championship this spring. Number
    one man, Steve Baird, followed up last weekend's victory in the Hank Peters
    Memorial Tournament by reaching the finals in singles play. Baird defeated
    Ted Sauers of Rider, the number two seeded player from Rider in the semi-
    finals, 6-3, 4-6, 6-0, before bow ing to Frank Barnett from St. Joseph's in
    the finals, 7-5, 6-3. It was the second time Barnett had captured the
    singles crown. Captain Alex Anderson, who had teamed with Baird to take the
    doubles in the Hank Peters Me morial Tournament, teamed with number three
    man, Jim Lakritz, to share the doubles title. Though virtually an untried
    team

Heading: Bison Polomen Enter
Content: 

Heading: Yale Water Polo Meet
Content: By MARK KNODERER The water polo. club travels to New Haven this Saturday to par
    ticipate in the Yale Water Polo Tournament. Yale currently reigns as the
    number one team in the East, and is favored to win the tournament. In all,
    ten teams will be enterel in the tournament, including three from Yale, two
    from Army, St. Francis, and the Bisons. Coach Dick Russell did not waste any
    time arranging a match with the Eli. The Bisons face the Yale " A" team in a
    nonleague match at 12:30 Saturday afternoon, before the tournament even
    begins. Last year Yale blasted the Bi sons 17-4 in the finals of the Eas
    tern Water Polo championships. In that game Russell's men were tired from
    the long tournament and play ed before a hostile crowd. Yale is just as
    strong this year though. They defeated a powerful Cornell squad 16-11, and
    the Bisons have not yet forgotten the 22-10 pairing they took from the Big
    Red two weeks ago. Last Saturday, the club ventured to State College to
    scrimmage Penn State's first water polo team. About all the match showed was
    that the Nittany Lions will have to wait a while longer before they can stay
    with the Bisons. The club peppered the Penn State goalie with so many shots
    that after awhile the score was not even kept. The Bisons could use a lot of
    goals tins weekend. " America is dealing death, not only to people in other
    lands, but to its own people." Charles

Heading: A.
Content: Reich

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 11:00

Heading: A M .
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY
Content: 

Heading: Vaughan lit
Content: 

Heading: Library
Content: before the tournament, Anderson and Lackritz improved with each match, and did
    not lose a set througout the tournament. They justified their number one
    seeding with victories over teams from West Chester, Temple, and a 6-4, 6-1
    thrashing of Rider in the finals. After a very successful fall sea son,
    including some fine showings in the ECAC and MAC Champion ships, the netmen
    are looking for ward to another successful season this spring, and will try
    to match last year's unblemished 14-0 record.

Heading: T h e T op  T w en ty
Content: 1-- Ohio State

Heading: 2
Content: -- Texas 3-- Notre Dame 4-- Auburn 5-- Nebraska 6-- Tennessee 7-- Michigan 8--
    Stanford 9-- Arkansas 10-- Southern Cal 11-- Mississippi 12-- Air Force 13--
    Arizona State 14-- Houston 15 Missouri 16-- L.S.U. 17-- Alabama 18--
    U.C.L.A. 19-- San Diego State 20-- Georgia Tech Don Giacomelli along with
    co-cap tain Gene Depew are leading the Bisons to an exciting season of
    football. In addition to being a running back, " Jock" returns punts and
    kickoffs. "On punt returns, Gene Lucca- relli and I have an agreement that
    the man nearest the ball will take it. We then set up a wall return to
    either the right or left." As a deep man on kickoff re turns, Giacomelli's
    job is to follow a four-man wedge in front of him. The return plays are
    designed to go up the middle. His assignments on pass plays call mostly for
    blocking with an occasional flare pattern. " Jock" stressed that the Bisons,
    running plays aren't set up for a halfback or fullback in particular and can
    be run by any running back. Giacomelli runs a 10.4 hundred yard dash and at
    at 6 22 , 200 pounds, he can use speed or call on brute power for runs. "
    Jock"  sees great improvement in this year's team as compared to last
    year's. " Offensively, our line is much improved over last season, and on
    defense we are a good deal more experienced," he said. Giacomelli rated
    Davidson as the best all-around team of any of th Beisons' previous
    opponents. He considers last year's Lafayet te game his greatest game as a
    Bison. " Jock"  led the Thundering Herd to a come-from-bebind 21-20 victory
    as a substitute for injured quarterback Greg Doviak. Throughout his three
    years of varsity ball, Giacomelli has played quarterback, halfback, returned
    kicks and punts, and even punted on occasion. He is truly one of the most
    versitle Bisons. " Jock"  is an accounting major, but is unsure of what he
    will do after graduation. " I have several job interviews in future weeks.
    There is a small pos sibility I could go into coaching although I need more
    education credits."

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: H arm on 's
Content: 

Heading: P red iction s
Content: Bison Peter O'Keefe fires on the R.P.I. goalie in action earlier this season.
    O'Keefe will lead the water polo club as they travel to New Haven for the
    Yale Invitational this weekend. Air Force Arkansas ov Auburn Brown Citadel
    Columbia Dartmouth Georgia Tech Houston Michigan Michigan St. Mississippi
    Missouri Nebraska Northwestern Ohio State Oklahoma Penn State Princeton
    Southern Cal Stanford Syracuse Tennessee Villanova Wofford Yale Hamplen-Syd.
    B u ck n ell Carnegie-Mel. Gettysburg Wittenberg

Heading: PLAIN
Content: 

Heading: WITH EXTRA CHEESE
Content: 

Heading: MEATBALL
Content: 

Heading: PEPPERONI
Content: 

Heading: SAUSAGE
Content: 

Heading: MUSHROOMS
Content: Boston College 7 Wichita

Heading: L.S.U
Content: << Colgate 1;

Heading: V.M.I.
Content: ,7 Rutgers 14 Harvard

Heading: J
Content: Tulane

Heading: JJ
Content: Alabama 22 Minnesota 14 Iowa fO I Vanderbilt 14 : Colorado 21 1 Oklahoma St. 10
    I Purdue 21 i Illinois 1 I Kansas St. 24 1 Army << 2 Pennsylvania lj )
    Oregon '

Heading: J
Content: 7 U .C1A. 1. 5 Navy " B Florida 4 Holy Cross

Heading: J
Content: 7 Davidson 2 1 ComeU 8 John Hopkins !7 Lafayette 2 8 F & M "* Lehigh

Heading: _
Content: 2 Baldwin-Wal Lge. (16" )

Heading: $2.45
Content: 

Heading: $2.80
Content: 

Heading: $2.80
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S
Content: 

Heading: rock
Content: 

Heading: shop
Content: 400 Market Street Lewisburg, Pa. Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind of
    liv in g ........ You can do your own kind of dressing in fashions from

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: ask for your free copy of RAGS m agazine
Content: 

Heading: .........
Content: 

Heading: Give the cold shoulder
Content: 

Heading: to winter in a Woolrich
Content: 

Heading: Norfolk Jacket.
Content: In ribbed or uncut corduroy with wool

Heading: tartan
Content: linmg. Gets you the custom treatment in detachable cartridg ' ^ pockets. Get
    into it and light someone s Regulars and longs. About $40. Preps 12 to 20.
    About $35.

Heading: Featured at:
Content: 

Heading: W. L.
Content: 

Heading: DONEHOWERS
Content: 

Heading: LEVINSONS MEN'S & BOYS CLOTHING
Content: OCTOBER 223, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SEVEN
Content: *V -- H W I.W jiiiiiWjiMiiirnrT--*-**-(tm)** .. Kgg As

Heading: Gridders Stalk Leopards
Content: 

Heading: For Parents' Day Thriller
Content: 

Heading: Go Team!
Content: By DAVE COULTER When the Bisons clash with La fayette Saturday afternoon, the
    Parents Day crowd will undoubted ly see one of the toughest gridiron battles
    of the season. The Leopards will be out to avenge a 21-20 defeat by the 1969
    Bison team, when BU came from behind with 21 points in the second half to
    grab the vcitory. The Bisons will be coming home after two rugged away
    contests with southern opponents and will be eager to meet the opposition on
    home ground. Each of the _ games in recent years has been within three or
    four points and this one is certain to be fiercely played. Even though both
    squads are coming off defeats, each has dis played a potent offense. The
    Leop ards attack is strikingly similar to BU's. They are lead by the quarter
    back duo of Rich McKay and Jack Hickle. McKay is a fine passer with 587 yd.
    and a 45% completion av erage, and he could pose a prob lem for the Blue's
    injury-riddled secondary. His counterpart is Lafayette's answer to Howie
    Burke, and is a great running threat when he is in the game. Powering the
    back- field is Bob Donoforio, a 5-9, 160 pounder with a 6.3 yd. per carry
    average. Coach Prender believes he is "one of the best runners BU will face
    all year." The Leopards have shown their offensive prowess in their last two
    games as they have scored 20 pts. against both Pennsylvania and highly
    regarded Delaware. Lafayette also has a veteran de fensive secondary which
    could spell trouble for the Bisons faltering passing game. The Bisons will
    be countering their rivals with quarterback Howie Burke, and fullback Rich
    Diez. Burke has successfully kept the opposition off balance with the option
    play and will probobly con tinue to do so against Lafayette.

Heading: Mars Captains Pitchmen;
Content: 

Heading: Predicts Bright Prospects
Content: By DAVE COULTER Probably the last place one would expect to find the Captain of
    the Bison soccer team would be at the bottom of Trax hall. But, if you
    should happen to overhear some underground Trax'ers talk ing about their
    "talented toe," you can bet that the object of their con versation is Glenn
    Mars. For besides starring on the B.U. soccer squad, Glenn is a freshman
    hall counselor. He classifies this position as a "real experience" and
    points to the spirit of his hall group which has been working in Selinsgrove
    with the mentally re tarded in their spare time. During his high school
    career, Glenn played center-halfback and fullback on teams at James Cald
    well High School and helped his team capture the All-State Title. He feels,
    that playing in the Ger- man-American league helped to de velop the all
    around soccer ability that has become familiar to Bison fans. Last year
    Glenn played primarily at center-halfback, while seeing occasional action on
    the line. Hus year, however, he has been moved to the line where he leads
    the Big Blue attack. The Bison Captain, though, feels that he is "more a
    playmaker" for the team than the big potent ial scorer. For as opposed to
    last year's offense which was centered about leading scorer Dave Rath, this
    year's team utilizes a "bal anced attack." Any of the front five are a "real
    scoring threat," as has been proven so far this season. Although this year's
    team is young an inexperienced, Glenn sees bright prospects if they continue
    I to show "hustle and desire." Since they are mostly sophomores and juniors,
    the 1970 squad has more to work for with regard to the future than last
    season's squad did. Thus they are "not afraid of con ditioning" and know
    that they must work to compensate for their inex perience, and build for the
    coming years. This year's Captain is "proud to play for the team,"
    especially since they work together. "There is no bickering on the team,"
    Glenn re ports, "It's all constructive and everyone benefits." He also has
    praise for the "fine job" Coach Reynolds has done in developing the team.
    One other factor which Glenn feels is "tremendous" is the "fan tastic
    support" that the B.U. fans have been giving the hooters this year. He is
    especially encouraged that people are now "talking soccer" and really
    following and appreciat ing the team and its efforts. It can be certain,
    however, that all the B.U. soccer fans harboring similar hopes for this
    year's squal will find a leader and an inspira tion in senior captain Glenn
    Mars.

Heading: B R U N O ' S
Content: 

Heading: House of Fashion
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-0790
Content: 

Heading: 3090000000000000000000
Content: 

Heading: >>
Content: 

Heading: Bison Harriers Win Sixth;
Content: 

Heading: Gulden Cites Team Effort
Content: The BU Bison will trample the Lafayette Leopard for the second year in a row
    Saturday. However, BU will need to im prove its passing attack if it is to
    defear the Leopards. Running has thus far been the stabilizer of the Bison
    attack. Diez is leading the squad with a 4.6 yard average and Burke is
    second with a 3.5 yard average. The running power of the Blue team could be
    an important factor as other teams have moved the ball on the ground against
    Lafayet te this year. The strong defensive line of the Bisons which
    neutralized the mighty running attack of the Citadel for most of last week's
    game, will once again have its work to do with Donoforio. Perhaps the
    biggest question defensively is injuries. Now among the injured or ques
    tionable are Gilewicz, Cassidy, Giacomelli, Durtan, and Moretz. Coach
    Prender believes, though, that some of these players will be ready for
    action and confidently asserts that BU will be set for a tough game
    Saturday. He also feels that this will be a highly emotional game, as it is
    a "traditional" contest with an old conference adversary. Therefore, the
    Coach lists this as "one of the most important games of the year." By JIM
    NORTHRIDGE "Cross country is a team sport," declares first year coach
    Gulden. The truth of this statement must be considered when one glances at
    his team's impressive 6-1 record. The Bison harriers have won their last
    three meets. They ran over Gettysburg 22-36 and picked up two overwhelming
    victories in a tri angular meet with Susquehanna and Dickinson, defeating
    them 20- 40 and 19-41 respectively. In the triangular meet, freshman Scott
    Bartram set a new BU course record as he sprinted across the finish line in
    27 minutes and 33 seconds. This achievement is even more spectacular when
    one considers that Bartram negotiated the 4.8 mile course on a cold day
    after a hard rain. Coach Gulden stresses his team's spirit, however, when
    talking about his runners. He feels that "when the boys run in a bunch The
    Bison harriers set off in this fashion to conquer Gettysburg, Dickin son and
    Juniata in their past outings. Their 6-1 record it the best of any fall
    sport. they have a psychological edge." The Bison harriers certainly had an
    edge in their triangular meet as four of the first five runners wore the
    Blue and Orange, while in their dual meet against Gettys-

Heading: Players of the Week
Content: John Klenovic and Rick Diez have been named Bucknell's players of the week for
    outstand ing performances against Hie Citadel. The Bisons lost the game at
    Charleston, S.C., 42-28. It was the second time both players have won the
    award this season. Klenovic was the offensive player of the week against
    Temple in the season's opener. The 5-10, 190-pound junior did an excellent
    job block ing and opened up many holes for the Bison backs. BU gained 217
    yards on the ground in 48 attempts for a 4.5 average per try. Coach Fred
    Prender said, "John played another fine football game for us. His blocking
    is just out standing. "He continually knocks down people who are much bigger
    than he is. "John has an excellent attitude. He was injured in the Davidson
    game the week before, but shook it off and came back like a real champion."
    Diez made only his second start of the season at fullback, but he had been
    honored as the offensive player of the week for the Gettys burg game. He is
    the first sopho more to be honored two times in a season since 1968 when
    Paul Gile wicz won the award twice. The 6-2, 180-pounder continued his
    torrid running pace and hard hitting blocking. Diez carried the Rich Diez

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 23, 1970

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe, Legal (N.Y.) and Inexpen sive. Please call
    Mr. Lewis. 1 - 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All in quiries confidential. I'M
    LOOKING for people who want to make MONEY in a business of their own. Call
    Bill Bennett 524- 9039. ball 20 times for 78 yards and he scored on a two-
    yard plunge. His blocking also enabled quar terback Howie Burke to pick up
    valuable rushing yardage. Coach Prender said, "Rick just seems to improve
    with every game. He's do ing a wonderful job for us and we're expecting big
    things from him in the next two years." Both players were honored by the
    Lewisburg Touchdown Club at its weekly luncheon on Wednesday. The Herd 12-3)
    meets Lafayette here in Memorial Stadium on Saturday afternoon at 1:30.
    burg, BU captured nine out of thirteen positions. The team also has to be
    con sidered in the building stage, even with a 6-1 record, because, of the
    Thundering Herd's top five runners last week, three were freshmen and two
    were sophomores. Coach Gulden also noted that one of his better runners,
    freshman Bill Ledgerwood, had a knee strain and has been unable to compete
    for the Bisons the past week. To follow up the cross country season, Coach
    Gulden wants to es tablish a winter track program. The winter track program
    at BU has never gotten off the ground but this year Coach Gulden hopes to be
    able to send his team to some invitationals in order to get ready for a busy
    spring season. Gulden feels that, "A successful track season must include a
    con ditioning cross country program. The two go hand in hand." It should be
    very interesting to watch the development of BU's track program over the
    next years. The top Bison runners and their, placing in the triangular meet
    with Susquehanna and Dickinson were (1) Scott Bartram (27:33); (3) Koenraad
    Vandegaer; (4) Robert Lucas; (5) Tom Hagerty; (7) Rich Francel; and (9) Ken
    Hydock. The Thundering Herd Harriers placing against Gettysburg were (2)
    Robert Lucas; (3) Rich Fran cel; (4) Koenraad Vandegaer; (5) Tom Hagerty;
    (8) Ken Hydock; and *9) Tom Gardner.

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: John Klenovic ----- WHATS PLAYING? -----

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAY, SUNDAY, MONDAY,
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY
Content: 

Heading: Spend
Content: a

Heading: marvelous evening w ith  eight o f the boys
Content: 

Heading: Mart C row ley's
Content: 

Heading: *'THE c m  INTtiEH^ND9*
Content: 

Heading: ...is not a musical.
Content: AGnenuCerto FlafteerMian *ANftonjGenoJftaucRdmK-Gjabyfcbig-fR jg S'SS

Heading: Feature Times: 7:00
Content: 

Heading: 9:00
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 14
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY. OCTOBER 27, 1970
Content: 

Heading: 'Che
Content: 

Heading: JSuckncllian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Faculty Takes No Action
Content: 

Heading: On ABS Princeton Plan
Content: 

Heading: Summer In The City
Content: John Sebastian, pictured here in concert at Yankee Stadium this summer, will
    appear on campus this Saturday night at 8:30 in Davis Gym in a double
    concert with Buddy Miles. Tickets are $4.50 and are available in the
    Bookstore and at the door.

Heading: Kirkland Informs Parents,
Content: 

Heading: '$3700 Buys Anonymity'
Content: By BILL WHITNEY "What you get is an essential, fundamental, distinctive thing: a
    peculiar emptiness, silence, and an onymity." This was the central theme of
    Dr. John D. Kirkland's speech to par ents "What You Get for $3,700 at
    Bucknell" given Saturday morning in Vaughan Literature Auditorium. Dr.
    Kirkland, associate professor of history, began by stating that this was a
    "pointed and legitimate qquestion" for parents to ask in view of the strang
    things going on throughout campuses today. He went on to say the value of
    the University is not its campus buildings, or athletic and social programs.
    These things are im portant, but are unessential, and \o u ld  probably be
    gotten cheaper or better elsewhere. Neither are the academic and skill
    programs the main worth of college. They are indeed valuable, but the
    programs are not "central, dominant, fundamental" because they can cover
    only a limited area. Their value is derived from some thing else - people.
    The people of the campus are other students, and most important ly the
    professors. However, even the professors are not essential; they are not
    molds to imitate or leaders to follow. The professor plays a "central but
    indirect role" in concerning the student with three questions: (1) Where are
    you? (2) What is there to say and hear? and (3) Who are you? In relation to
    the first question, the professor seeks to have the stu dent see wherein he
    exists and what character it has. The profes sor then points out the
    differences ''between the way in which the stu dent sees where he is and the
    way others see it. Therefore the dynamics of

Heading: Friday Raffle lids
Content: 

Heading: Pern Quake Victims
Content: By DAVID HAMMER Efforts to raise money for the Peace Corps School Partnership
    Program will end this Friday with a raffle during the coffee house in Swartz
    Lounge (9-1:30), sponsored by the Gass of '72. The Program at this
    university, J.n which money is being collected to build a school-community
    health center in the earthquake-ridden country of Peru, is the first of its
    kind at any university. And the success of the program here will determine
    whether the program will be extended to other campuses, ac cording to the
    School Partnership a Program's director, Paul Harrison. Harrison explained,
    in an inter- i  view last week, that a community I in Peru has already
    requested I  building materials for a health cen- I  ter. The Peace Corps,
    basically an (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: >>
Content: "where are you?" is in two parts: where you are and where you can be. The
    students see an empty space, an emptiness, between them selves and others.
    The manner in which the profes sor approaches the second question is much
    the same. He points out the way the student hears and (Continued on Page 3)
    By JUNE CAFFREY The University Faculty effective ly took no action on the
    ABS pro posal of a "watered-down" Prince ton Plan Friday. This plan is one
    whereby students wishing to leave the campus the week prior to state and
    local elec tions for the purpose of campaign ing, would be given a grade of
    "in complete" in their first semester classes (if necessary) with a stipu
    lation that the work be made up by the first week of second secester. The
    faculty's final decision was to continue its present policy con cerning
    "incompletes" (fourth week of second semester) and to reaf firm its good
    faith in legitimate student excuses for absenteeism. Dave Lacey, president
    of ABS, pointed out that students should have the same opportunities in so-
    ciety as other citizens. He stated that the purpose of this plan was to give
    the student a "chance to fulfill both his responsibilities as a citizen and
    as a student." Dr. Gene Gienoweth, professor of Political Science, proposed
    that a committee be set up to study the ABS proposal and present it to the
    University Senate (when establish ed) for a decision. He agreed that there
    should be a guideline for students who wish to campaign but he felt that the
    pro posal had come too late. Dr. Mills Edgerton, professor of Spanish, made
    reference to the notice received by the faculty from the Internal Revenue
    Service, con cerning outside activities of the University. He noted that
    "according to Fed eral law, Bucknell might endanger

Heading: Steering Committee Set Up
Content: 

Heading: SIS Fashions 'Wide Open' Constitution
Content: By PAMELA MAY The Steering Committee of the Student Information Service has
    drawn up a constitution stating its purpose and structure, and expects funds
    from the ABS soon. The document reads: "The SIS is designed to provide a
    means of reaching and helping those students whose needs are not presently
    being met by other organ izations. It will provide information on current
    youth and student con cerns, provide readily available, anonymous contact
    with peers by means of a crisis intervention phone, provide a referral
    service for those students seeking advice in specific areas of professional
    help, provide immediate personal contact in case of emergencies, and provide
    other services as neces sary." As steering committee members note, the
    arrangement is "quite wide open and allows for a tot of avenues, which wets
    done on pur pose." They explained that each member has various ideas of what
    they want done; SIS is all those ideas brought together through com mittee
    meetings. A three-fold structure is set up. including the information
    center, the crisis intervention phone, and "contact counseling." The program
    is not completely operative yet; they are waiting for phones to go in. and
    training of counselors to be complete. The information center is only "as
    far away as the spot," mean ing it will be effective as soon as its physical
    location is completed. Its purpose will be to provide general information
    concerning uni versity activities, printed materials on problems of concern
    to students, and information concerning various medical and legal services
    avail able. Currently an evaluation of the in formation at hand is being
    made so it can be given in best form to the students. The SIS is writing
    some of its own pamphlets. The crisis intervention service is more complex
    and must be in full operation before it can open. It is By CATHY EVANS (New
    York Times) - A group of "Eastern Intellectuals" met with labor leaders
    Saturday at Harvard University to form an ac tive alliance to fight
    "reactionary political forces in our country." The group agreed that "There
    are people in this country who are trying to divide the workers from the
    students; it is as cold and calculated a strategy as the Southern strategy,
    but there are no two groups that have more in common than the working people
    and students. It was also noted that "The current attacks on students,
    universities and intellectuals are only the spearhead of a general offensive
    against all progressive forces in our country, among which organized labor
    is a major component." George Wald, a Nobel laureate in biology at Harvard,
    was the group's main organizer. A white building at Dickinson College has
    caused SDS and other students to investigate the extent of federal
    activities involved. The building is being contracted for use as a civil
    defense shelter by a 'non-controversial government agency.' According to
    George Shur- man, Financial Vice-President, Treasurer an the college's
    contact with the federal government, "rumors of affiliation with the CIA and
    the Carlisle War College are true only in the fact that all these agencies
    are also part of the federal government's extensive com munications system."
    The building, originally a potato chip factory, was purchased by the
    university in 1954 mainly, notes Shurman, be cause of "the college's concern
    over the rancid odors which came from the factory and wafted over to
    permeate the President's house." "designed to provide immediate an onymous
    contact with peers in times of personal crisis." Anyone interested in
    working in any phase of SIS may contact a member of the steering committee:
    Kathy Allen, Jack Blyskal, Karen Farnsworth, Joyce Frederick, Glenn Kidder,
    Quica Ostrander and Jeff Sengstack. Membership on the steering committee is
    open to all students at the beginning of each semester. its tax-free status
    if it engaged in subtracting academic time in pur suit of outside
    interests." Agreeing with Edgerton, John Zeller, Vice president for Business
    and Finance, said he was hesitant with the present wording of the ABS
    proposal. According to Zeller, the "proposal might have placed Buck nell on
    the border of paying taxes or remaining a tax exempt in stitution." Other
    professors noted that Uni versity policy allows a student time to make up
    work after a prolonged absence due to illness, a death in the family, etc.
    They saw no reason why the same policy could not be applied to students who
    wish to campaign in the final week of elections. Bob Naschin, ABS treasurer,
    ex plained that the student proposal was, in effect, a protection for stu
    dents who miss unexpected tests and quizzes during their week of campaigning
    --an assurance of an "incomplete" instead of a failure. Dr. Herbert Eckburg,
    dean of the College of Engineering, stated that he saw no reason why a
    professor would refuse to make individual arrangements with a student who
    was absent for a limited time with a legitimate reason (such as ful fillment
    of his role as a citizen). Agreeing with him, Leon Pacala, dean of the
    College of Arts and Sciences, cited that the ABS pro posal "would be an
    imposition on the faculty's rights because it would be telling them what
    grade they would have to give. If discussed on (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Peter Davis Outlines
Content: 

Heading: Palestinian Situation
Content: By G. PETER BALAKIAN Peter Davis, British Document ary Film maker, spoke last
    night on the Palestinian situation in the Middle East. Davis began by
    talking about the question of morality in relation ship to the Israeli
    evacuation of the Palestinians from Palestine in 1948. After a brief account
    of the histori cal events that have led up to the present, Davis explained
    the Israeli ideologies that rationalized the oust ing of these two million
    Arabs. Similar parallels were drawn to our own American Expansionist ideolo
    gies of the early nineteenth cen tury. The Israeli "Manifest Destiny," he
    claimed, produced the feeling that their claim to Palestine was far superior
    than the Palestinian's because of .historical reasons. Furthermore, the Jews
    felt that the land belonged to those who were best suited technologically to
    use it. Thus, as Davis stated, it became a situation where the more
    technologically advanced overthrew the less technologically advanced. Davis
    reverted back to the Western European beckground which en abled the Isralis
    to possess this superiority. In continuing his argument, Davis felt that
    today's Palestinian is an alogous to yesterday's Jew. The Jews have
    persecuted the Palestin ians just as they have been per secuted for
    centuries. Davis also touched on various other topics. He explained the new
    unity which this persecution has aroused in the Palestinians, and how it has
    caused the formation of the "Palestinian National Libera tion Movement."
    Davis praised Jordanian King Houssain for the manner in which he has managed
    to make Jordan a prosperous nation even with the burden of having one
    million refugees in his country.

Heading: Prime Minister Sato
Content: 

Heading: Hosts Nine Students
Content: Gifts of cuff links bearing the University seal were presented to Japanese Prime
    Minister Eisaku Sato by nine University students, who were his guests at a
    meeting in his hotel suite in New York City on Monday. The students also
    gave Mr. Sato and his wife a Pennsyl vania Dutch centerpiece and a box of
    locally-made candy, a cookbook, a barometer, and a record. The students all
    of whom have taken work in the Japanese Studies Center here and who made a
    study- tour in Japan last October included Jeffrey Sherwin, Richard Mackie,
    Heather Entrekin, John Duffy

Heading: in,
Content: Helen Koons, Sally Henderson, and Pamela Havens. Dr. David Lu, chairman of the
    Japanese Studies Center here and Miss Akiko Kawano, a lecturer in Japanese,
    accompanied the group. Hiroshi Uchida, Japanese counsel general, was also
    present at the meeting. Mr. Sato was scheduled to meet (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: I
Content: )

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: The Hustle
Content: 

Heading: The Bucknellian is inadvertantly
Content: 

Heading: helping the Faculty hustle the students.
Content: 

Heading: We only report the news. Sometimes,
Content: 

Heading: however, we leave out important back
Content: 

Heading: ground material.
Content: 

Heading: Once upon a time there was an
Content: 

Heading: idea to change the governance of the
Content: 

Heading: University. A Governance Committee
Content: 

Heading: made up of students, administrators and
Content: 

Heading: faculty worked hard to arrive at a pro
Content: 

Heading: posal for the governing of the University
Content: 

Heading: by a decision-making body called The
Content: 

Heading: Senate. It was defeated by a few votes
Content: 

Heading: in a Faculty meeting last year. That
Content: 

Heading: document included students in the over
Content: 

Heading: all functioning of the University, on all
Content: 

Heading: levels. It reduced the Faculty to second
Content: 

Heading: ary importance as a legislating body on
Content: 

Heading: campus, and elevated the students from
Content: 

Heading: slavery to citizenship. It recognized the
Content: 

Heading: University as a place where faculty and
Content: 

Heading: students learned from each other via a
Content: 

Heading: mutual exchange of ideas.
Content: 

Heading: That docu
Content: 

Heading: ment started to re-define the education
Content: 

Heading: we offer here.
Content: 

Heading: ..
Content: 

Heading: Summer intervened.
Content: 

Heading: Some tacuity
Content: 

Heading: members, unwilling to submit to the
Content: 

Heading: aging system we have here, sought to
Content: 

Heading: refurbish the old Sonate to accomodate
Content: 

Heading: those few dissenting voters: The Com
Content: 

Heading: mittee of Four united, and out of wed
Content: 

Heading: lock, gave birth to the document referred
Content: 

Heading: to
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: recent
Content: 

Heading: Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: headlines
Content: 

Heading: (" Watts: 'The Motion Passes . . Praise
Content: 

Heading: God.' " ).
Content: 

Heading: . ,
Content: 

Heading: The bastard child dmed-up the gov
Content: 

Heading: ernance of the University once again.
Content: 

Heading: "This is for me (academic policy de
Content: 

Heading: cisions and real control of the University)
Content: 

Heading: and that's for you (general policy de
Content: 

Heading: cisions) ," it whined to the students. The
Content: 

Heading: Faculty adopted 'the little mother' and
Content: 

Heading: handed it over to the students.
Content: 

Heading: Implicit in the Faculty's decision on
Content: 

Heading: the document that is now before the
Content: 

Heading: Congress of the Association of Bucknell
Content: 

Heading: Students is the idea that the ABS can
Content: 

Heading: alter the document which will then be
Content: 

Heading: brought before a Conference Committee
Content: 

Heading: for compromise, right? No, wrong. No
Content: 

Heading: compromise, and here's why.
Content: 

Heading: Watch the deliberations of the Con
Content: 

Heading: ference Committee carefully for this is
Content: 

Heading: the hustle that will be perpetrated. The
Content: 

Heading: students will be told that the Faculty
Content: 

Heading: has given up all the ground that it will.
Content: 

Heading: "This is the document that the Faculty
Content: 

Heading: will pass. Any changes that you make
Content: 

Heading: in it will result in its defeat," the stu
Content: 

Heading: dents will be told.
Content: 

Heading: With the choice of no new govern
Content: 

Heading: ance system or the Faculty proposal,
Content: 

Heading: the students will probably opt to the
Content: 

Heading: dotted line.
Content: 

Heading: GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: Idealists vs. Realists
Content: ^By CHARLES MUSSMAN,

Heading: GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: UMOJA
Content: By STEVE WYATT by request of the A.B.P. One of the m ore interesting aspects of
    this year is the heavy work load that almost everybody seems to be
    experiencing. Since this is a pro blem  shared by everyone, black or white,
    that I have run into> so far bears a little examination. Of course it may be
    my paranoid (. > " >>tare breaking out, but then again there could be a
    political hdegdegk itj>>m e - vvhere. So perhaps it is wise to look at the
    situation in the wider context deg f ^ p u s  unrest has becom e, in the
    service of ''conservations"  a m ajor nolitical bogeyman. Institutions such
    as this one are usually sensitive to these types of pressures and
    inordinately fond of prestige m any eve * So they have an obvious need to
    keep their students quiet, and at the same tim e avoid making radical
    changes. . , . ,, it Since all institutions of this nature are partially
    dependent on gifts, it should be easy to draw up deficits. It could quite
    easily be an actual one in spite of our building program and athletic
    expansion. The key _ point, however, is not its actual existence, but the
    handy excuse it offers for not d0U1n  ^^sim ultaneously load people down
    with a heavy work-load they might be rather too busy to run around disputing
    the pomt and we don have access to the presidents books in any case. So add
    a little Judicious sarmonizing here and there, for seasoning, mix with
    student leaders being led around by the nose by administrators from  one com
    m ittee meeting to the next, and stir into a subtle if sophisticated way of
    keepmg us quiet, if S t  contented. Of course you don't have to get alarmed.
    All this doesnt have to be true. Then again it doesn't have to be false
    either. One of the better known and perhaps better liked black students with
    drew this semester. While there are many of us who look forward to com
    pleting our four years here, it was felt significant enough to devote some
    thought and discussion as to why he left. . . . .  ,. The reason he gave was
    that he had not ' adequately defined tos goals."  One might be, as some
    were, amused by his inability ^ them But have we adequately defined ours?
    Here we made up our minds as to why we are really here, and what, if
    anything this institution can offer to people? And if nothing, why stay?
    Assuming there ls swmethmg, when and how can we take advantage of it. It
    would seem it is high time we adequately answered the question, What am I
    doing here. feel the main goal for us to work towards up here is acquiring
    skills and applying them in ways beneficial to our community. Other answers
    may com e from other people but answers we must have if there is any point
    10 ^One of the perenial problems people face is disunity. Often described in
    almost philosophical terms, the links of togetherness among people to day
    are constantly remarked on, commented about, criticized. an alyzed. One is
    told in analyzing a problem , a m ajor step it to define one s goals. If we
    are ever going to achieve any kind of unity among peoples of the world today
    at least we are going to have to agree on what we meT s this unity going to
    be a spiritual matter, a totally unworldly tran scendent force acting on and
    not through the concrete people with concrete needs which we have here. It
    is the total absence of friction or will some " working things out"  help
    the cause of togetherness in the end. to other words when we speak of this
    kind of peace what are we talking about and One of the many strange African
    sounding concepts which has spinkled the Black Community is " Um oja"
    meaning collective work and responsi bility It refers to working towards
    building a community, as has been seen in armies, groups, and teams of all
    descriptions. People really feel united when all their activities mesh-when
    all they are working towards fits into a common goal. # . , .___... But what
    is our goal. Is what we are doing here of any benefit to neople or to any
    one individual, or even ourselves? Perhaps a purpose is needed to bring us
    together, one we all agree on. I can see a great need for this type of
    definition in the days ahead.

Heading: Letters
Content: 

Heading: to the
Content: 

Heading: Editor
Content: 

Heading: Be Proud
Content: 

Heading: %
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: f&utkneUian
Content: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY Established 1897
    Published twice weekly during the college year. M <<nber office at
    Lewisburg, Pa. under the act o i March 3, 1OT>>.

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK -- Business Manager
Content: OfBoei Fochi M attae C a. t>>  M ut o  *B f *** B w a l Consultant: Brad Tutta.
    M4-11X1

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 27, 1970 To the Editor: Although I am certain there are several mem bers
    of the Bucknell Faculty and student body who could reply to the letter sent
    in by R. L. Lyon, '29 quite affectively, I, too, should like the opportunity
    to ex press my views concerning this letter published in the 9/11/70 issue
    of the Bucknellian and entitled " Ashamed." Mr. Lyon apparently was quite
    upset about the fact that some stu dents and mem bers of the Bucknell
    faculty wished to vocally and force fully express their views concern ing
    the events and happenings re lated to our involvement in the war in Vietnam.
    No one will deny that Mr. Lyon has both the right and privilege to express
    his views on any matter concerning the actions of our gov ernment be they
    national or inter national in nature. This being so, doesn't the same rights
    and privi leges apply to the students and fac ulty mem bers of Bucknell?
    Should n't they, too, be afforded the op portunity to express their views
    concerning the situation in Viet nam? And, especially the students since
    they may conceivably be called upon to " put on the line" their most
    precious posession--uife itself? Is it his view that a University, any
    University or college, should adopt the position of the ostrich and isolate
    itself from  the " out side w orld?"  Should the student and faculty concern
    itself with only the events that exist within the con fines of the campus
    itself and ig- nore the world that lies beyond its boundaries? Is it the
    function of a University to " produce"  after 4 years of academ ic study, "
    aca dem ic idiots"  who are totally, or even partially, unaware of decis
    ions, forces and events that can, and do, affect their very existence as
    well as their future? It may very well be that Mr. Lyon is unaware of the
    fact that the world has changed consider ably since he attended Bucknell.
    And, whether he likes it, or not, the w ork will continue to change. The
    beautiful thing about the vast m a jority of our youth of today is their sim
    ple directness and their forth rightness in stating, candidly and directly,
    their feeling and opinions. The youth of today does not hesitate to get
    involved. And, he does so with the honesty of his convictions. It has been
    my pleasure and pri vilege to speak with many students and several mem bers
    of the faculty and administration, including the present president, Dr.
    Watts. I did not find them to be so self-centered, or give the impression
    that they had all the answers. They were Some time ago on this campus there
    was a subcommittee. Now this was not an ordinary subcommittee. No, it was a
    special subcommittee composed of special people. This subcommittee was
    supposed to prepare a document on the future academ ic program at this
    University. What did these people do? Did they go to books? Did they go to
    other universities? No, they went into the University Community to find the
    answers to dif ficult questions, for who can know m ore about something than
    someone who is involved in it? Now as the subcommittee went around and
    around finding answers, they also found problems--many problems, large
    problem s, facts mat could not be ignored. So the subcommittee began to
    wonder, " How can we define the future academic program without first
    defining objectives of education?"  So the recommendations cam e: . . .  we
    propose that all members of the Bucknell community com m it themselves to
    participation in a common, university-wide, effort to think and act
    reflectively about the values and presuppositions which have governed, now
    govern, of ought to govern their own approach to inquiry. . .

Heading: COMMUNITY AND THE SENATE
Content: The subcommittee thought about our University. And they saw that it was not
    good. So these people put forth another radical idea: community. The
    university is not a unified whole at the present time. Yet, the sub
    committee found that the unified campus is m ore than the sum of its parts
    This University is made up of diverse elements, but unless these are brought
    together into a m ore cooperative, participative relationship the future
    academ ic growth of this institution is threatened. So the subcommittee
    debated what should be done. Their findings were disseminated in a report
    called Toward Academ ic Excellence (the Cooper Subcommittee Report). The
    final proposal stated in part: The present structure of the university is
    not as conducive to com munity and participative decision making as it might
    be . . .  We there- f fore recommend the creation of a University Senate . .
    .  All decisions of the Senate should be binding on the entire academ ic
    community... What happened to this special subcommittee's report? Nothing,
    we are sorry to say. And do you know, to this very day it is sitting
    somewhere in the archives of theBertrand Library--a forgotten masterpiece.

Heading: THE PRESENT DECISION
Content: Now that the Faculty has passed a document defining a method of campus
    governance, the A.B.S. can finally form ally voice toe opmions of students
    by ammending or rejecting the present document. Should we, toe students, act
    as idealists with the Cooper Subcommittee Report as our model or as
    political realists? This is a difficult decision. If we are ideal istic, we
    cannot see toe seeming uselessness of striving to reach an im possible goal.
    Yet, if we are realistic, we may never find answers to many problem s
    surrounding us such as pollution, population, and war, since so often toe
    solutions seem to be unreachable goals. Whatever toe A B.S. decides, whether
    they decide to scrap toe present proposal in favor of a m ore idealistic
    solution, or they decide to be political realists, there are a few points in
    the present document before them that they must consider.

Heading: NEEDED CHANGES
Content: Firstly, if the Senate is to be of any real use (as opposed to being an-' other
    bunch of red-tape)it must have decision-making power. The present document
    repeatedly uses toe words " to review and recom mend"  when describing the
    limitations of the Senate. We propose that toe A.B.S. change every instance
    of "recom m end"  to " determine policy subject to the ap proval of the
    President and Board of Trustees." Secondly, after toe Senate determines a
    course of action, both toe Faculty and the A.B.S. have the power to return
    toe decision to toe Senate with objections. According to the present
    document, toe second tim e this happens toe decision is sent to a Committee
    of Arbitration consisting of three mem bers, non of them students. We
    propose that this committee be eliminated and in place of it require a two-
    thirds vote of the Senate to pass a proposal over toe objections of either
    toe Faculty of the A.B.S. Lastly we as students have been told that: because
    students will be on toe Senate, and because toe Senate will work with toe
    budget, and be cause control over toe budget is the key to a great deal of
    power; there fore, students will have a great deal of power. Q.E.D. However,
    toe pre sent document provides for review of toe budget after it has been
    adopted, and although it is given toe power to " recom mend policies to toe
    Presi- and aifhnugh it is given toe power to " recom m end policies to the
    Yresi- dent . . . for the principle allocationes of the general University
    budget, the meaning of the wording is not clear, and it is subject to
    interpretation in many ways. We propose that the wording be changed to " The
    Senate will review and may propose changes in toe budget during its formula
    tion." By no means will these proposals satisfy the idealist. However, both
    the political realist and toe idealist should be able to agree that toe
    amendment of toe document in accordance with these proposals will make a
    stronger, m ore effective University Senate. very intelligent people
    striving to m eet toe challenges of today and seek the most effective way to
    meet these challenges. And that is all we can expect of anyone. To do their
    best to make toe world a better place to live in. No where in his letter
    does Mr. Lyon acknowledge the fact that students or faculty mem bers were
    NOT coerced in any way. Those who wished to attend classes or continue their
    studies were able to do so without being harrassed in any way. Nor does he
    state toe fact that toe views of toe students and faculty were presented in
    a dem ocratic fashion and with out toe violence and mob-rule that was the
    case on other campuses in our country. Not a building was burned! Not a
    student was injured or killed' It was never even re motely necessary to call
    upon the local police or toe National Guard to control or subdue toe
    activities an toe Bucknell Campus. Yet, toeir voices were heard and their
    views expressed!!! Had Mr. Lyon been on campus during the time he alludes
    to, he would be proud, not ashamed, of toe Bucknell student of today. Un
    fortunately, I never had toe privi- dege of attending Bucknell in my younger
    days. But, had I been a mem ber of toe alumni of Bucknell, I would have been
    proud of the events that occurred on that cam pus. In fact, I would walk ten
    feet tall. And, considering m y rather relatively short stature, that is
    tall indeed. May I suggest, in closing, that you invite Mr. Lyon to Bucknell
    so that he can see for himself how things are up there. Urge him to speak
    with the students and fac ulty. Let him find out for himself that Bucknell
    is dedicated to turn ing out toe whole and wholesome man and woman and not
    just toe ivy-hall sheltered " academ ic-idiot." The visit may do him som e
    good. Besides, toe fresh air up there is just delightful. Sincerely yours,
    M. L. Resnick, O.D.

Heading: Polled Parents Perplexed about Present
Content: 

Heading: 24 Hour Open Dorm Policy Problems
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: By LINDA ANNE CAPUTO College students are constantly plagued with various types
    of opin ion polls. This weekend the harassed stu- dentes were given a
    respite as a question poll was directed to par ents. The subject of this
    inquiry was toe following question: What do you think of toe issue of
    twenty-four hour open dorms presently under discussion in House Council? It
    is interesting to note that opinions were evenly split on this issue.
    Although no parent interviewed im mediately responded affirm ative ly, many
    decided that their sons and daughters were capable of handling the freedom
    and responsi bility that twenty-four hour open dorm s would entail.
    Likewise, few fathers retorted with a curt puritanical, " I'm against it."
    Most disapproving par ents seem to think that they could resign themselves
    to favor toe m o tion if it were passed. Most pro responses ressembled the
    following replies: " Certainly, I have no objections if they behave
    themselves." " I need m ore time to evaluate it but I'd say yes. It is up to
    the in dividual." " I'll leave it up to my daughter to decide." "
    Definitely, but only to upper classm en.'' " Sure, why not." The con
    responses stemmed from the fact that most parents thought extended open
    dorms would deprive toe student of his privacy: " I think you need some
    restricted tim es for your personal business. I think you should try what
    you have now." " No, I don't think I'd approve be cause I'm  an old
    fashioned parent." " I'm  against it because I feel one needs a set of rules
    in any organization." " It's not necessary for toe sake of privacy." " I
    don't think it is right. Why? I'm  a parent-it leads to things. I would say
    no for the entire com munity." 'T m  against it for it would pro m ote noise
    and confusion and might disrupt any opportunity for study." It should be
    emphasized that those who disapproved of this proposal did so because they
    felt that toe policy of twenty-four hour open dorms should not be extended
    to toe freshman dorms. Many felt that it should only, be an upperclass
    privilege. Even though the terms of this proposal were indefinite and it was
    a new issue set before toe parents, perhaps at an inopportune time, it is
    encouraging to note that par ental support for twenty-four hour open dorms
    is relatively high. Wednesday, October 28 12:00 Noon Psychology Senrrunar:
    D. David M. Adkins: " Extraneous Stimuli and Aversive Behavior"  Part I
    Coleman Hall 2B Panhellenic Open Suites Sorority Suites

Heading: A..B.S.
Content: Coleman Hall 102A Merck Lecture: Dr. Jerold J. Zuckerman: " Chemical Mos- sbauer
    Spectroscopy" Olin Science Aud. Poetry Reading: Adrian Mitchell Vaughan Lit.
    Lib. 6:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 3:15 p.m. 4:45 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m.
    9:00 p.m.

Heading: Would-be Ushers
Content: There will be a meeting for any one who would like to usher for the Sebastian
    concert, Thursday in Cole man 210B at 7:30 p.m . Men are preferred.

Heading: Exam
Content: College Seniors will have an op portunity to take the Federal Ser vice Entrance
    Examination when it is given on a walk in basis Satur day. Complete details
    are avail able in the placem ent office.

Heading: Eastern Jan Plan
Content: There will be a brief meeting of all students definitely interested in the
    Czechoslovak-Poland-East Ger many January Program  Thursday Evening at 7:30
    p.m . in 208 Car negie Bldg. (Bookstore).

Heading: Peace Corps Raffle
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) intermediary in this situation through which funds for
    materials are channeled " from school to school,"  will forward toe money to
    Peru (none of which goes for ad m inistrative costs), and the com munity
    itself w ill construct toe building. The chairman of toe program here, Tom
    Scurrah, stated that " toe uniqueness of the program lies in that the
    community has asked for the m aterials and will build the structure itself."
    In this sense, toe money raised can not be termed foreign aid so much as an
    answer to a call for help. Tickets, representing bricks of toe school m odel
    on display in toe library, com prise toe m ajor source of incom e for the
    program  here. However, organizational donations account for much of its
    imminent success. As of Sunday, those or ganizations contributing thus far
    in clude: SPE ($25), Indigo ($25), toe sophomore class ($50), toe junior
    class ($50), KDR ($25), DZ ($25), and the Newman Club ($25), with more
    preparing to pledge by week's end.

Heading: Kirkland Lecture
Content: 

Heading: French Movie
Content: Wednesday, at 9:00 p.m . SYM-

Heading: PHONIE
Content: 

Heading: PASTORALE
Content: will be shown in the lounge of International (Carey) House. The movie, based on
    the Nobel Prize-winning novel by Andre Gide, will be in French with English
    subtitles.

Heading: Risch Fireside
Content: There will be a fireside with Dr. Thomas J. Risch, Dean of Men, Thursday at 7:00
    p.m . at his home He will discuss, " Student, Educa tion, and Society."
    Anyone interest ed in attending should contact Don Thompson at 1646 (alter 5
    p.m .) or call the C.A. at 1217 before Wednes day.

Heading: Off-Campus LUR
Content: Due to clerical difficulties, the off-campus living unit representa tive
    elections have been postponed. Any student wishing to run for this position
    should submit his name to Box W-36 or call 3270. The results of the freshman
    LUR elections are: Roberts--Sue Grant Trax--Tom Leonard Harris--Lexie
    Alexander Larrison--Steve Valenti The Kress results were not avail able.

Heading: Berger Supporters
Content: There will be a meeting of all those interested in working for Arthur Berger
    (this weekend thru election day) Wednesday at 6:45 p.m . in Roberts Lounge.
    8:15 p.m. Thursday, October 22 9 10:45 a.m. Bloodmobile (Through 4:45 p.m .)
    Davis Gym Annex Psychology Dept. Film : " The Japanese Snow Monkey" Visual
    Aids Aud. Catholic Mass Rooke Chapel Jan-Plan to Eastern Europe Discussion
    Carnegie Bldg. 208 English Dept. Film : " An American Tragedy" Vaughan Lit.
    Aud. " ICHTHUS"  (Experimental Religious Community) Rooke Chapel

Heading: Princeton Plan
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) an individual basis with each pro fessor, different
    arrangements might be considered." Dr. Wendell Smith, professor of
    psychology, cited further com plica tions. The ABS proposal would hamper the
    work of toe registrar's office because there would be two different kinds of
    " incompletes" with two separate deadlines. This would create many
    complications in recording and sending out grades. He stressed that
    uniformity in completion dates was necessary.

Heading: Military Lecture
Content: . The political science department will sponsor a lecture on 'Military Virtue
    and the Pentagon War Crimes Policy' tonight at 8:00 p.m. in Coleman hall
    room  10I-B. The Lecture will be given by Captain Robert Johnson, a graduate
    of West Point who resigned his commission in protest to the Vietnam war.

Heading: Preferentials
Content: THE BUCKNELLIAN incorrectly listed last weekend as the last open weekend at all
    fraternities before preferentials November 31st. The last open weekend will
    be this week end with preferentials November ninth.

Heading: First Aid Course
Content: . A first aid course will be given this semester only Tuesday and Thursday
    mornings from  9:45-10:45 a.m. in the second floor classroom of Davis Gym.
    Anyone interested should attend the next meeting of the class. A veteran who
    has not received a Check or notice from  the Veterans administration should
    check with the registar's office to make sure that his certificate of
    enrollment was forwarded.

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA ...........
Content: 

Heading: FOR THE MAN WHO
Content: 

Heading: HAS EVERYTHING
Content: 

Heading: STRAND
Content: 

Heading: SUNBURY, PA.
Content: 

Heading: ENDS TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27
Content: 

Heading: "SOLDIER BLUE"
Content: 

Heading: STARTS WEDNESDAY
Content: 

Heading: OCT. 28 to NOV. 3
Content: 

Heading: " SUNFLOWER"
Content: 

Heading: -- with--
Content: 

Heading: Sophia Loren
Content: 

Heading: Marcello Mastroinanni
Content: WEEKDAYS AT 7 & 9 .VVXXW V%VS.XVVXV*XVVVVV* (Continued from  Page 1) speaks and
    how others see and speak. Again the student sees a differ ence between him
    self and others, this tim e a silence. But the emptiness in which toe
    student finds him self has a " range o f alternatives"  and toe silence is
    one " that asks." The professor draws the student out of his habitual,
    predictable ex istence into an emptiness and si lence where things are not
    so pre dictable. In this unpredictable situation toe student learns - he is
    enabled to see toe possible, to evaluate, and to choose. This is the essence
    of education, seeing what is possible and is necessary. Therefore when the
    student asks " who am I"  he sees an anon ymity between him self and what he
    could be. He then goes on to ask what it is valuable to be, and this is the
    other part of education. Education gives toe student toe opportunity to
    appropriate space, hearing and speaking, and himself in his own way. Or as
    Dr. Kirkland put it, " The freight of toe verb in " what you can get"  is
    not " get"  but " can," and $3,700 is a bargain basement price."

Heading: SASSAMAN'S MUSIC STORE
Content: 

Heading: 3 Miles South of Mifflinburg --  On Route 104
Content: 

Heading: PHONE MIFFLINBURG 966-0834
Content: 

Heading: PIANOS
Content: --

Heading: COMBO ORGANS
Content: 

Heading: AMPUF1ERS --  GUITARS
Content: 

Heading: Other Stringed Instruments, Books and Most
Content: 

Heading: Musical Supplies
Content: 

Heading: PIANO TUNING SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: OPEN EVENINGS 4 TO 8 --  SATURDAYS 1 TO 8
Content: 

Heading: Japanese Study
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) with New York Mayor John Lindsey following his talk
    with the students. He addressed toe United Nations General Assembly on
    Wednesday and will m eet with President Nixon Saturday before returning to
    his homeland. Despite this heavy schedule, toe prime minister sent a special
    re quest to meet with toe Bucknell group which he had met this sum m er
    while they were touring Japan. The group had the rare opportun ity of
    meeting with Sato since Dr. Lu is a personal friend of toe prime minister's
    fam ily. He becam e ac quainted with him while doing re search for a book
    about Sato's uncle.

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for Christmas, Easter or summer?
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities, economic flights, discounts.
Content: 

Heading: Write for information (air mail).
Content: 

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street, Newport, I.W ., England
Content: 

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: Watch Repairing & Engraving
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of living............You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: ask for your free copy of RAGS m agazine
Content: 

Heading: .............
Content: OCTOBER 27, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: E
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: 

Heading: P
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: ANNOUNCES
Content: 

Heading: EXPANDED HOURS-- 10:30 p.m. - midnight Sun-Thurs-
Content: 

Heading: EXPANDED SERVICE-- to individual rooms
Content: 

Heading: EXPANDED MENU
Content: 

Heading: HOAGIES
Content: 

Heading: Sm.
Content: 

Heading: Lg.
Content: 

Heading: SANDWICHES (One Size)
Content: 

Heading: Regular
Content: 

Heading: -----------------------
Content: 

Heading: *pujia.
Content: 

Heading: ____
Content: 

Heading: ___
Content: 

Heading: $ .65
Content: 

Heading: .90
Content: 

Heading: $1-25
Content: 

Heading: 1-65
Content: 

Heading: JFilet of Fish
Content: 

Heading: __________________
Content: 

Heading: Corned B eef
Content: 

Heading: __________________
Content: 

Heading: .60
Content: 

Heading: $1.00
Content: 

Heading: 1-00
Content: 

Heading: .95
Content: 

Heading: 1-75
Content: 

Heading: Hot Sausage
Content: 

Heading: ---------------------------
Content: 

Heading: fjgm
Content: 

Heading: ____
Content: 

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: _____
Content: 

Heading: .95
Content: 

Heading: 1.75
Content: 

Heading: ALL SOFT DRINKS (14 ox.)
Content: 

Heading: 30c
Content: 

Heading: Italian Steak
Content: 

Heading: ---------------
Content: 

Heading: Cheese Steak--------------
Content: 

Heading: Meatball
Content: 

Heading: ---------------------
Content: 

Heading: Roast Beef -----------------
Content: 

Heading: 95
Content: 

Heading: 105
Content: 

Heading: .85
Content: 

Heading: 1.10
Content: 

Heading: 1.75
Content: 

Heading: 1.95
Content: 

Heading: 1.55
Content: 

Heading: 2.05
Content: 

Heading: PLUS OUR COMPLETE LINE OF ITALIAN  STYLE PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: Order 30 minutes prior to delivery
Content: 

Heading: A ll orders C.O-D. no tax no takeout
Content: 

Heading: CALL G AR Y'S
Content: 

Heading: AT
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: ir
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: .

Heading: mmmm
Content: 

Heading: mm
Content: ^USl^WSKtaKEKiHEtEECEmiuimimmmmmimm Y=

Heading: Gettysburg Bows to Herd
Content: 

Heading: In Tense, Overtime Battle
Content: 

Heading: Would You Believe 3-3?
Content: By BOB WENDEL From  the pre-game statistics for the Bisons and the BuUets, it
    should have been an easy game for Rey nold's hooters, but instead, the
    Bisons had to go into overtim e to finally win the gam e, 1-0. In the words
    of Coach Reynolds, " We were up against a fired up Gettysburg team. They had
    just com e off a l-l tie with top ranked Delaware, and obviously felt they
    could beat us if they played ag gressive ball." Play aggressively they did,
    and actually held the Bisons to a 0-0 tie in regulation play. However,
    Reynolds felt that, " we definitely outplayed them, however we were not able
    to capitalize on their mis- cues." One of the most obvious of these
    opportunities occurred in the second quarter as Glenn Mars had a pen alty
    kick, and shot the ball directly at the goalie. On two other occasions in
    the third quarter, shots by captain Mars hit the crossbar of the goal, and
    later in the fourth period, a shot by Mars again went directly to the
    goalie. Even with the superior play ex hibited by Reynolds' squad, Get
    tysburg could easily have won the game. There was one very big play in the
    second quarter which could have decided the game. The Bullets were awarded a
    di rect kick from  just outside the penalty area, to the left of the B.U.
    goalie. The kick didn't score, but on the rebound, the ball went into heavy
    traffic right in front of the goal. The goalie who was partially out of the
    goal, and partially screened was out of the play, and as the ball was slowly
    rolling into the net, halfback Tom Cronin clear ed it out. At that point the
    ball was only six inches from  the goal-line. With the game notched at 0-0,
    the game went into two five minute overtim e periods. These ten min-

Heading: KS Edges LCA
Content: 

Heading: In IM Soccer
Content: In intramural action yesterday, Kappa Sigma won a last second soccer
    championship from  Lambda Chi Alpha, as they scored their fourth and winning
    goal with only 28 seconds to go. It was a very hard fought match as the two
    teams were pretty equal ly matched. Neither team showed a great deal of
    scoring potential, as far as an attack was concerned, as most of the scoring
    cam e on corner kicks, and long throw-ins. In fact, all of the LCA scores
    cam e as a result of com er shots, and two of the KS goals cam e on long
    throw-ins by Bill Fifield, which were tipped in for the scores. Scoring for
    the two teams were, for KS, Bill Miller (1), Randy Goat (1), and Rod Davis
    (22); and for LCA, Rich Andrews (1), Jon Pease (1), and A1 Shiffler (1).

Heading: Auto Rally
Content: RAM social club will sponsor its first annual auto rally this Satur day at 2:00
    p.m. The rally will be gin at tbe Chapel end of the Swartz parking lot.
    There will be a nominal entrance fee of 1.00 per car with a maximum of two
    people allowed in each car. Cash prizes will be awarded.

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ad$:-
Content: ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe, Legal (N .Y .) and Inexpen sive. Please
    call Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All in quiries confidential.
    I'M LOOKING for people who want to make MONEY in a business of their own.
    Call Bill Bennett 524- 9039. _________________

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: OCTOBER 27, 1970 utes were com pletely dominated by the Herd, and it was during
    the first period that B.U. scored the winning goal. In actuality the score
    was due to a Gettysburg m iscue, rather than an organized play on the part
    of the Bison line. The ball was in the Gettysburg end and a Bullet
    defenseman chose to kick the ball back to his goalie rather than clear the
    ball himself. However the kick was weak, and the goalie was hesitant about
    com ing out to get the ball. Seeing that Glenn Mars was run ning for the
    ball, the goalie finally did com e out but too late. Both players reached
    the ball about the same tim e, but Mars was able to get off a shot, and it
    found its way into the net. In commenting on the play Rey nolds stated, " I
    felt it was a very good ball game. The Bullets played

Heading: Bisons Squeeze Leopards;
Content: 

Heading: Scarlet Knights Next Foe
Content: By KEN DOAK The Bisons eked out a 30-28 win over Lafayette Saturday, as John
    Ondraski intercepted a last-minute two-point conversion attempt to lock up
    tile victory. For the third year in a row, BU defeated the Leopards by a
    margin of three points or less. BU displayed a strong ground attack, as the
    offensive line did an excellent job. Sophomore Rich Diez led the way with
    155 yards in 28 carries. Reversing their season-long pat tern, the Herd
    showed a potent first half offense and dominated the first 30 minutes. The
    first TD drive was set up by Tom Connolly's recovery of a fum bled punt. A
    run by Howie Burke and passes

Heading: Cije^JBuriuteluan
Content: 

Heading: >>P O R T S
Content: very good defense, and we were un able to get off the real good shot. It was a
    very hard-hitting game as well, and in fact, it almost got out of hand.
    However, in general I was pleased with our playing. Reynolds cited fullbacks
    Larry Greenwood and Mike Novak, and lineman Glenn Mars for excellent play.
    Judging from  the MAC games played to date, there seems to be little
    difference in the quality of the teams in the western division. And as it
    stands now, B.U. is the only remaining team that can displace Deleware from
    its first plact stand ing. to Ed McDevitt and Jay Griffin moved the ball to
    the 14. Burke then passed to Don Giacom elli for the score. However, Dave
    Boyer's PAT attempt was wide. The next time they had the ball the Bisons
    drove 78 yards for a score, sparked by strong running by Diez and Giacom
    elli. " Jock" slammed over from  the 3, but a conversion pass failed. The
    Leopards cam e back with a 30-yard FG, following a 46 yard pass from  Rich
    McKay to Rich Nowell. Nowell broke by two de fenders near the sideline
    before Gene Lucarelli making a saving tackle deep in BU territory. The
    Bisons failed to capitalize on two second quarter threats, as fourth-down
    plays failed at the 14 and 16 yard lines. They upped the halftime margin to
    15-3, as power running by Diez moved the ball to the 10, and Boyer then
    booted a 27 yard FG. The Herd took the second half kickoff, and quickly
    drove 72 yards on the ground. Diez sliced off left tackle for a 4 yard
    score, and the kick made it 22-3. The margin was soon cut to 22-10, however.
    First, wingback Bob Don- ofrio broke a sideline pass for 41 yards. He picked
    up 20 more yards on a counter play, and a 9 yard slant-in pass to Nowell was
    good for the TD. Early in the fourth quarter M c Kay's passing sparked a 90
    yard scoring drive, as he threw the final 9 yards to Pete Tonks. However the
    PAT was wide. Gene Luccarelli's seventh inter ception of the season (which
    he carried for a TD that was nullified by a clip) set up the final Bison
    touchdown. Burke rolling to his left, hit a leaping Jay Griffin in the end
    zone. Burke then ran for a crucial 2-point conversion.

Heading: Frosh Upend Bullets;
Content: 

Heading: Clash with Engineers
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL An early 20-0 lead stood up as the freshman football team beat
    Get tysburg 26-12, last Friday, for their third victory in five games. Frosh
    Coach Bill Lane had special praise for the defensive unit and singled out
    the defensive backfield for holding Gettysburg's two split ends to only two
    receptions. " Offensively Carl Probst, our quarterback, was just
    outstanding. Also, Paul Perlik and Jim  Gregor, the running backs, had a
    fine gam e,"  he said. " I think we beat a pretty good team. Those guys had
    beaten La fayette earlier,"  he added. The Baby Bisons scored first in the
    game on a quarterback sneak by Probst. This touchdown was set up on a long
    pass to end Joe Ber ing.

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    Area Code 717 A sm all fee is charged

Heading: r,
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: ------------------------
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: -------
Content: 

Heading: Corsages --
Content: 

Heading: Stein's
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: -------
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: 

Heading: I-- N-- T-- R-- O-- D-- U-- C-- I-- N-- G
Content: 

Heading: Birthday Pizza
Content: S M A L L  $ 2 .0 0  -- L A R G E  $ 3 .0 0

Heading: Call CAMPUS DELIVERY SERVICE 523-9251
Content: The Leopards closed to 30-22, as passes to Donofrio and Nowell set up a short TD
    run by Tonks. How ever, John Smesko broke in to block the PAT. Several
    minutes later, Lafayette unveiled a trick play in a late bid for a tie.
    McKay threw a sideways screen pass to his halfback, Elgin, who stopped and
    wobbled a pass to Don ofrio, wide open downfield. How ever, Donofrio was
    tripped up on the BU 24. A 20 yard scoring toss to Nowell brought the
    Leopards within 2 points with only 1:00 remaining Then Ondrasik m ade his
    saving interception, and the Bisons had their third victory. The Herd will
    traved to New Brunswick next weekend to m eet a disappointing Rutgers squad
    and should be favored to go over the .500 mark.

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: 15
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: PSAMPUS
Content: ------ WHATS PLAYING? ------

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY
Content: One yard and two yard runs by Paul Perlik and Jim  Gregor re spectively, made
    the score 20-0. A Gettysburg tally put the score at 20-6 at halftime.
    Gettysburg closed the gap to 20- 122, but a Probst pass to Bill Stein iced
    the contest. Coach Lane heaped additional praise on the defensive line of
    Tom Denne, Frank Torok, Scott Car lisle, Mark Nosal, and Kevin Rhone. " I'm
    very well pleased with the overall improvement of the team. They've com e a
    long way since the Cornell game. Next week we have a big game at Lehigh and
    I'm  sure the boys will give a good account of themselves." "B u t the
    person w ho does not act in  reality and on ly acts in fantasy becom es him
    self u nreal."

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 11:00 A Jd. SUNDAY

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: 

Heading: man is the king of beasts...
Content: 

Heading: bergman's I "Hl*  gfSSSS'
Content: 

Heading: m axvonsydow livullmann
Content: 

Heading: bibi andersson erland josephson
Content: director of photography sven nykvist C f\\ A D H  I * produced by svensk
    filmindustri-cinematograph w L U K  D y U 6LU X6

Heading: United A rtists
Content: 

Heading: R
Content: RESTRICTED rxx*f 17 irqurtEs accompanying Paient Of Adult Guardian ------------
    ----------------------- S H O W  T IM E S  7 :0 0  -- 9 :0 0

Heading: SUNDAY, MONDAY, TUESDAY
Content: S H O W  T IM E S  7 :0 0  -- 9 :0 0

Heading: Watts Relates Finances to Federal Policies
Content: President Charles H. Watts II dis cussed the financial situation of the
    University in an interview this week. News Analysis By PAUL OSHER Charles H.
    Watts II, president of the University, expressed grave concern over the

Heading: finEUicial
Content: straits of the University and the status of higher education in the U.S. in an
    interview with .The Bucknellian this week. The University's econom ic situa
    tion is marked by a $300,000 deficit for the 1969-70 as well as a pro jected
    budgetary deficit over the next four years. As a result the University will
    be forced to re consider its priorities on the alloca tion of unds in the
    near future. The shortage of funds will have far- reaching effects on the
    University's academ ic and extra-curricular pro grams. " Form erly," Watts
    said, " we lived within an expansionist evon- omy where the University could
    de velop new program s by supplement ing the already existing ones. Ad
    dition was the rule. Now, we are required to adapt to a new system: a closed
    one." This system necessitates the re- evaluation of University expendi
    tures in order to remain solvent. Some programs within the Uni versity will
    be cut back, some may be eliminated. Such decisions will not com e easily,
    and Watts does not minimize the problem s that are expected to arise. " We
    haven't yet developed the means or attitudes by which we can make decisions
    within this closed system. These decisions w ill depend upon our ability to
    quantify things that resist quantification,"  he said, " and we're not used
    to making those kinds of choices." The important questions that must be
    asked are what areas of the Uni versity budget will be scrutinized and how
    will the financial decision be made. Also, what criteria do we use to
    evaluate the various pro grams within the University? Watts points out that
    he doesn't have the answers yet. " For example, if we choose pro ductivity
    as one of our criterias, how does one measure it? By the number of people in
    an academic department, by the scholarly sig nificance of the department?
    Cer tain form s of instruction cost more than others and we must resist the
    temptation to cut out the expensive ones,"  he continued, " just because
    they are expensive."  " There are no areas that are sacrosanct,"  he noted,
    " from  athletics to the li brary." The machinery hy which the de cisions
    will be made is being set in motion even now. The Board of Trustees is
    initiating m ore precise studies of University costs to ac cumulate the
    necessary data. The sources of funds for the Uni versity's coffers are few
    and fickle. The state of Pennsylvania is not (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 15
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30. 1970
Content: 

Heading: ih t  Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Committee Conducts Survey
Content: 

Heading: AAUP Cites Salary Gap,
Content: 

Heading: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Content: 

Heading: Discusses Student Rights
Content: 

Heading: Poll Favors Black Studies,
Content: 

Heading: Supports Relevant Change
Content: 4 By SUE HELM Dr. John Peeler, assistant pro fessor of political science and
    Presi dent of the American Association of University Professors, released a
    report which stated that the Uni versity's female professors receive a lower
    salary than m ale profes sors. The report indicated that this fact was
    evident at all levels on the University's pay scale and Pro fessor Peeler
    said later, " The re port also shows that a woman is likely to receive the
    lowest salary *, possible at any position." The AAUP decided that these in-
    eqquities should be investigated further so that the AAUP can make a
    positive suggestion on the Uni versity's salary policy. The report included
    a listing of the salaries of non-professional per sonnel - stenographers,
    clerks, maids, and janitors. Professor Pe eler stated, " The non-
    professionals' salaries are believed to be com petitive with the small
    business in the area, but not with the larger industries." Academ ic freedom
    was the next area of concern at the meeting. From a questionable, Congress
    'Un- american Activities Committee composed a list of 60 persons of a
    subversive nature who had spoken on college campuses. It was noted that one
    or two of the speakers had been here in the past year. The AAUP felt that
    they would look askance at cooperation with such surveys, which interfere
    with hi academ ic freedom. It was felt that if the government wanted such in
    formation in the public domain, they should send an employee to check the
    files. A government questionnaire was sent to libraries requesting a list of
    the names of the people who had checked out books on <<.explosives. The
    University's chapter of the AAUP agreed with the Pennsyl vania Association
    of Libraries that such a questionnaire was an in vasion of privacy. Few
    libraries in Pennsylvania complied with it. The State of Pennsylvania re
    quested that all colleges and uni versities supply a list of the names of
    campus activists or lose their state scholarship funds. Bryn Mawr and
    Haverford refused to com ply, and many other universities are withdrawing
    their cooperation. The AAUP felt that such a list (Continued on Page 3) By
    SUE BOLSTRUM The Subcommittee on Afro- Am erican Studies released results
    today of student and faculty polls on a black studies program. Fifty-five of
    those faculty mem bers polled responded to the ques tionable sent out by the
    committee chairman, Dr. Harvey Powers, Pro fessor of English. Of the entire
    body, 600 returned the question able sent out by the ABS. Generally both
    faculty and stu dents favor increasing the amount of m aterial available on
    black cul ture, though many emphasized the

Heading: Supports Graduate Study
Content: 

Heading: Ford Grants Fellowships
Content: By GINA SMITH Three Ford Foundation Doctoral Fellowship program s for the year
    1971-72 have been announced by Mark C. Ebersole, Program  Ad- visar to the
    foundation and form er Provost here. These Fellowships are offered to
    American Indian, Black, Mexican American and Puerto Rican stu dents who have
    received a bache lor's degree during the ten years prior to September 1971.
    Each Fellowship program will support full-time graduate study for up to five
    years if the Fellow maintains satisfactory progress to ward the Ph.D.
    Recipients must study full-time for a graduate degree in the human ities,
    social sciences, or natural sciences. Additionally, they must plan to enter
    careers in higher ed ucation. Included in each Fellowship will be the full
    tuition and fees required by the graduate school, an allow ance of $300 for
    books and supplies, and a monthly stipend for living costs. An unmarried
    Fellow will receive (Continued on Page 3) importance of keeping the material
    relevant to the courses. Fourty-nine per cent of the stu dents feel more
    universal treatment of Black culture is " necessary to their academ ic
    experience."  A ma jority of the faculty mem bers would welcom e "
    consultation and/or as sistance for a black student or a black faculty
    consultant in enrich ing their courses." According to the faculty, 32 out of
    55 " offer or plan to offer courses in which emphasis on relevant con
    tributions, experiences or problems of the black race in Am erica could be m
    ade."  Twenty-five of them now include such emphasis in their courses, and
    20 would " consider adding appropriate emphasis to courses." Of the
    students, 32% have al ready studied some aspects of black civilization,
    though nearly 1/3 of these people were referring to high school study
    programs or individual experiences. Most got their knowledge from reading,
    discussions and lectures. Only one person mentioned having a black
    instructor. Eighty-two per cent felt that course enrichment would be val
    uable, yet when asked if their courses omitted relevant black stud ies, only
    37% answered yes (48% answered no and 14% did not re ply). Areas of study
    most often cited to already include black stud ies were history (mainly high
    school), religion, sociology, psy chology, English, education, polit ical
    science, and econom ics. Those (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Johnson Discusses
Content: 

Heading: War Crime Policy
Content: By RICK SHILLER " War crim es are the only facet of the Vietnamese War which
    can't be resolved by the government,"  and once the high ranking military
    and civilian leaders responsible for them are exposed, the war will be
    ended. This was the gist of the argument presented by ex-captain Robert
    Johnson to approximately 100 people Tuesday night. Capt. Johnson is a
    graduate of West Point who, after a tour of duty in Europe and Vietnam, re
    signed his commission and becam e active in such groups as Maryland
    (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Recommends as Elective
Content: 

Heading: A B S Opposes Gym Requirement
Content: 

Heading: Dr. David Pearson Receives
Content: 

Heading: Biology Professorship Award
Content: w The Herbert Spencer Professor ship in Biology, established by a grant of
    $100,000 from  the Samuel

Heading: H.
Content: Kress Foundation, has been awarded to Dr. David D. Pearson, Assistant Professor
    of Biology here. Herbert Spencer was President of the University from  1945
    to 1949 and he was Executive D irector of the Samuel H. Kress Foundation
    from  1949 until his death in 1960. The Spencer Professorship per m its the
    development and adminis tration of cooperative program s be tween tiie
    University and the In stitute for M edical Education and Research of the
    Geisinger M edical Center. In his new position, Dr. Pear son will devote
    part of his time to consulting on program s of research at the Institute for
    M edical Educa tion and Research and the remain der of his time to teaching
    and re search in biology. He also w ill serve as a liason in educational
    affairs between the Institute and the Uni versity. Dr. Pearson received a
    bachelor of arts degree from  the University of Connecticut in 1960 and a
    doctor ate in biology from  the University of Kansas in 1965. He served as a
    lecturer in biology at the University of Kansas in 1965-

Heading: 66.
Content: Immunobiology and biochemistry are Dr. Pearson's special interests in biology
    and he has published several articles on immune systems in reptiles and
    mammals. By SUE PRESTON At its Wednesday night meeting, the Association of
    Bucknell Students passed a resolution to abolish the physical education
    requirement in the College of Arts and Sciences, and the College of
    Engineering, by a vote of 18-2. The motion, sponsored by Bob Nachshin, Russ
    Pais, Steve Meil- leur and Beth Wright, asks that the requirement be changed
    as of September l, 1971 " to permit each student to choose his own physical
    fitness program without having the college require physical education for
    graduation." It went on to state, " the ABS realizes the importance of
    physical education, but believes that each student should have a freedom  of
    whether or not to take physical education courses." In the debate which
    preceded the vote, Mike Hotoszyc LUR alternate, pointed out that m ore
    activities and better instruction could be pro vided by cutting down on the
    num ber of students in physical educa tion classes. A question was raised
    whether credit should still be given under this new plan and whether it will
    mean cutting down the number of faculty members in this depart ment. Bob
    Nachshin, ABS treesurer, co sponsor of the ABS passed resolu tion to ask
    both colleges of the Uni versity to do away with the physfcal education
    requirement for fresh men and sophomores. (photo by Ed Marston) Mary Helen
    Layton, parlimentar- ian, responded to the first question saying, 'T o som e
    people physical education is an art, a committment to excellence. I think it
    should be given as much credit as academic courses. I feel we should also
    sup plement this notion with some con structive suggestions for this de
    partment." In regard to the second question, Jim  Ludwig, LUR
    representative, said that by decreasing teachers, the department would lose
    any di versity it has now. The Association of Bucknell Stu dents met as a
    committee of the whole again, to discuss what ap proach it should use in
    regarding the Senate document. Next week it will go into form al session.
    From now on ABS meetings will begin at 7 p.m . The regular meet ing will
    last for one hour followed by a Senate session. Amendments to be proposed at
    these meeting must be received by Lou B ucceii no later than Sunday night.
    Stu dents desiring to propose an amend ment are urged to contact an ABS
    member to sponsor it. # Hi ! zrnrnmmm <<*>> <<

Heading: SES
Content: 

Heading: I !SI s
Content: 

Heading: 11
Content: ? / " i * | s p I V ..->> "" ' (r) M I  V T -.- | t ! | ! p i g l - u %[* *#f Y=
    KaE E

Heading: Wm
Content: 

Heading: :
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: m m b m b m w
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: # -'#*:# -VVV" :# : 11 i m

Heading: J
Content: m i

Heading: H
Content: j HPN|E. i '#gm

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Ecology
Content: 

Heading: "The best place to defend the earth
Content: 

Heading: is wherever you happen to be." We heard
Content: 

Heading: that phrase a lot last year when ecology
Content: 

Heading: was an important issue. Since then, the
Content: 

Heading: fight to save our environment has been
Content: 

Heading: dismissed as just another trite issue, like
Content: 

Heading: civil rights and peace politics. But the
Content: 

Heading: fact remains that we are facing the im
Content: 

Heading: minent destruction of our environment,
Content: 

Heading: and we must take additional steps to save
Content: 

Heading: what is left of it.
Content: 

Heading: Everyday the University collects
Content: 

Heading: and bums huge amounts of paper. This
Content: 

Heading: substantial contribution to air pollution
Content: 

Heading: could be discontinued through recycling
Content: 

Heading: of the refuse paper. The recycling of
Content: 

Heading: paper also provides another source of
Content: 

Heading: paper other than that produced from
Content: 

Heading: the pulp of freshly cut trees. There are
Content: 

Heading: companies in this area which purchase
Content: 

Heading: used paper, and the University should
Content: 

Heading: begin consultation with these firms so
Content: 

Heading: that a recycling plan can be formulated.
Content: 

Heading: If we were to undertake such a recycling
Content: 

Heading: program, we could then look into the
Content: 

Heading: feasibility of recycling what amounts of
Content: 

Heading: glass and metal we use.
Content: 

Heading: The University is an important part
Content: 

Heading: of the sewage system of the borough of
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg. The primary sewage treat
Content: 

Heading: ment plant for the system has been
Content: 

Heading: ordered by the state to upgrade itself
Content: 

Heading: to the secondary treatment level. The
Content: 

Heading: University should now consider its im
Content: 

Heading: pact on the treatment system and con
Content: 

Heading: sider the possibility of building its own
Content: 

Heading: treatment plant, possibly of the tertiary
Content: 

Heading: grade.
Content: 

Heading: There are various other areas at
Content: 

Heading: which the University should look at it
Content: 

Heading: self from the ecological perspective. We
Content: 

Heading: must begin to consider the University as
Content: 

Heading: an ecological system, taking into ac
Content: 

Heading: count what comes into the system and
Content: 

Heading: what goes out of it. We should also con
Content: 

Heading: sider what we want the physical en
Content: 

Heading: vironment of the campus to be (do we
Content: 

Heading: want parking lots or grassy quads?).
Content: 

Heading: The University should at least organize
Content: 

Heading: a community-wide committee to consider
Content: 

Heading: these questions and should also commit
Content: 

Heading: itself to action in this field. It is the
Content: 

Heading: least that we can do and only the begin
Content: 

Heading: ning towards working for an environ
Content: 

Heading: ment in which man and nature work to
Content: 

Heading: gether instead of against each other.
Content: 

Heading: f&uckneUian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice w eeld y jd ig ^  t o j ^ e << e  y w . MCTibg
    of Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subgrlptlon. *7-P deg',^ 5y JSJ{
    vance. Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1222, at the poet
    office at Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: THE BUCKNELLXAN PLATFORM
Content: ___ _ To review any Issue and take a

Heading: >>tod wre de^
Content: to t o totenw tof the University, to treat every Issue with the responsibility t
    o t  U accorded us in a free society to be constructively critical when
    necessary aa wall as laudatory when appropriate, and to print the news with
    accuracy and la- tcgrity. Editorials appearing on this page reflect the
    majority opinion the editorial board and that of the editors. Signed columns
    present the views only of the authors. All letters should be addressed to
    the Editor, and must be received no later t*>>*(tm) Saturday noon for
    publication in th e Tuesday edition and Wednes day noon for publication in
    the Friday edition. Office: Fochl Printing Street, 833-4211 Consultant: Brad
    Tufts. 824-1321

Heading: The Frosh and AW S
Content: 

Heading: Once again, and hopefully for the last time, the
Content: 

Heading: Bucknellian feels it necessary to focus its attention on
Content: 

Heading: the regulatory jurisdiction of the Associated Women s
Content: 

Heading: Students over freshman curfews. We vigorously support
Content: 

Heading: the movement to abolish freshman curfews, thereby
Content: 

Heading: eliminating the boundaries placed on the development
Content: 

Heading: process of the freshmen woman.
Content: 

Heading: Of course, the AWS " is really busy now
Content: 

Heading: (plan
Content: 

Heading: ning shopping trips and other " vital" matters) and will
Content: 

Heading: have to postpone action on the curfew issue. Freshman
Content: 

Heading: women may ask themselves what it is about the AWS
Content: 

Heading: that keeps its calendar so full. If the AWS relinquishes
Content: 

Heading: jurisdiction over freshman curfews, the ramifications
Content: 

Heading: will be astounding.
Content: 

Heading: Freshman girls will become college women (of
Content: 

Heading: course, they will have to think of other ways of avoiding
Content: 

Heading: honesty with their dates) .In loco parentis will have re
Content: 

Heading: located'. Maturity and individual personal responsibility
Content: 

Heading: will be entrusted to all students regardless of age or
Content: 

Heading: sex).
Content: 

Heading: Our only hope is that all our attention to this mat
Content: 

Heading: ter has not lifted AWS from its deserved obscurity into
Content: 

Heading: a false position of eminence.
Content: 

Heading: How about it, girls ? How can we speak of a com-
Content: 

Heading: munity of freedom and equality when we ourselves are
Content: 

Heading: the oppressors?
Content: 

Heading: CHOAD
Content: 

Heading: : PO LITICS 70
Content: 

Heading: A Single Voice
Content: .B y MIKE GUIER; Thirty-five Senate seats and thirty-five statehouses are at
    stake in Tuesday's elections. The prestige of the White House in local and
    state races will be frequently discussed on Nov. 3. The results in various
    con tests may also serve as an indication of what to expect in 1972. The
    follow ing are my predictions: In the Senate - spotlight races: _ California
    - With help from Reagan, Republican George Murphy, the Sen- ate's " song-
    and-dance-and-littlc-else"  man, should squeak by youth- ful Rep. John
    Tunney.

Heading: T,,,
Content: Connecticut - Despite Rev. Joseph Duffey's apparent lead in the polls. X U pick
    Rep. Weicker, the Republican. The presence of Senator Dodd as an independent
    and Mr. Duffey's chairmanship of ADA should hurt the Democrat and make
    possible a slim victory for the more moderate Mr. Weicker. Florida - In
    spite of Mr. Nixon's efforts, Rep. William Cramer, a con servative
    Republican, should be defeated by a little-known Democrat, Lawton Chiles.
    New faces seem to be popular in some southern states this year. Illinois -
    Adlai Stevenson III should unseat Republican Senator Ralph Smith, the margin
    being determined largely by Mayor D aleys ability to get out the Chicago
    vote. A strange alliance. . A few incumbents lose every time. Democrat Vance
    Hartke looks like one of the unfortunates. Maryland - Sen. Joseph Tydings
    was vulnerable this year, but Republican Glenn Beall failed in his assigned
    task. Minnesota - HHH should win easily over Rep. Clark MacGregor. New
    Mexico - Democratic incumbent Joseph M. Montoya should barely survive a
    major battle against conservative oilman-rancher Anderson Carter. Montoya's
    liberalism in not so popular in a rather conserv ative state. ,, .. New
    York-This one is almost impossible to call. Conservative James Buckley leads
    the polls, but I'll pick Rep. Richard Ottinger. Despite his dramatics,
    Charles Goodell should run third; Senator Goodell may not even be a viable
    candidate. When they enter the voting booths, most liberals and moderates
    will vote for a man who looks like a potential winner. . . . ___ , North
    Dakota - The elections here usually hinge on the farmers. Liberal Democrat
    Quentin Burdick holds a slight edge over Rep. Kleppe. The situation could
    change overnight, but I'll stick with the incum- Ohio-Aided by a strong
    gubernatorial candidate, Howard Metzenbaum should defeat his Republican
    opponent, Robert Taft, Jr., by a small Tennessee^This is my choice as the
    election of the year. Sen. Albert Gore is the Number One target of the
    Republicans. Mr. Nixon hand picked Rep. William Brock to unseat the liberal
    Mr. Gore. Two months ago, Brock looked like a sure victor. After all,
    Tennessee (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 30, 1970 To the Editor: I'd like to adress the University Community:

Heading: WAKE
Content: UP! Summer's over; you're back on campus (or on cam pus for the first time);
    you're con scious again. During the vacation, you slept, and while you
    slept, things have happened. And BE LIEVE YOU ME, they concern YOU! Some of
    you, having read this far, are, no doubt, " turned off" and saying to
    yourselves, " Say, what's with this weirdo? Is he on pot or something?
    Where's his head at? Is he on an ego trip or some thing?"  Let me reassure
    you, if it is an ego trip, it's a collective one, something that maybe YOU
    should concern yourself with. This is a critical period in your life, not
    only academically and sexually (!) but in other areas as well. Seriously,
    your years in col lege, whether you know it or not, are politically crucial
    ones. The University offers the perfect op portunity to crystallize one's
    ideas and emotions and, by means of ex tending the university's sphere of
    influence throughout the immediate area, arouse political sentiment, shape
    it, and direct it to universally desired ends in the most expedient fashion.
    True, there will be dif ficulties. If life were all that simple, what use
    would there be for poli tics? Hence, C.H.O.A.D.--the Cam pus Headquarters
    for Organized Ac tion against Decandence -- one of the many political forces
    on cam pus, the best, we think. Let m e explain CHOAD to you. Like the words
    in the motto of the 4-H Club, each of the words in our title means
    something: 1) Campus --where you are, and where it's at. CHOAD aims to get
    you and it to gether. 2) Headquarters--While the campus is " where it's at"
    in a universal sense, your head is " where it's at"  on a smaller scale; in
    other words, your head is a microcosm of " where it's at." Every universal
    needs in particular, every macro- a microcosm, and, as they say, every dog
    has his day. While CHOAD headquarters is os tensibly myself and several col
    leagues on the higher eschelon, it is at the same time (metaphorically
    speaking) each of one of your par ticular heads. 3) for is a preposi tion 4)
    Organized -- I've already spoken of a collective spirit. We cannot have
    anarchy. Nor can we afford despotism. My colleagues and I on the higher
    eschelon real ize this and so forbid anarchy and despotism. Our effort is a
    " to gether"  thing, a democratic venture which requires the utmost disci
    pline and responsibility from its members. A house divided against itself
    cannot stand; anarchy, like the plague, breeds rats; despotism, like a rat,
    breeds incestuously, un til the royal family, in degenerate shame, is
    overthrown by the people (us). CHOAD throbs onward and up ward like a
    powerful moonship. CHOAD will succeed because CHO AD has " got it on'" 5 )
    Action -- This doesn't mean sitting around! Action is perhaps CHOAD's most
    esteemed principle. It was a word carefully chosen to be a part of our
    group's calling card. CHOAD moves; CHOAD is kinetic; CHOAD gets things done;
    CHAOD comes when you need it. 6 ) Against -- We take a definite stand. We
    rise against 7) Decadence -- This word, too, was carefully chosen. It repre
    sents those elements against which CHOAD rises -- the sloath and de cay of
    life, not only throughout the nation's political institutions, but
    throughout its social and religious institutions as well. CHOAD feels that
    this decadence in the national character is bad enough, but is outraged that
    it should be allowed to exist right under our noses, right here on the
    campus of B.U. Here's where YOU fit in: CHOAD acbs that you examine both
    your surroundings and yourself. Are you an element of decadence? Are you
    static? Indifferent? Are you one of those few who would rather sit around in
    the dorm in a small, dark room, getting stoned, listen ing to the Mothers of
    Invention, gazing insanely at surrealist paint ings and masturbating, than
    change yourself and the world, elevating your state of being? Would you
    rather " cop out"  than " tune in on what is happening in the real world and
    " turn yourself on"  to life? I'm not speaking exclusively to the dope
    fiend, but to those who are addicted to any kind of stagna tion, self-abuse,
    or the abuse of others. To you, I make an offer: join us and experience
    life! Join CHOAD -- you can't beat it. Now. What does CHOAD do? Let me give
    you some facts: item: CHOAD participates in can vassing during times in
    which our nation is especially threatened by decadence. CHOAD members speak
    to townspeople. We look at it this way: Let's talk to the citizens of
    Lewisburg. Sure. They might be a little narrow-minded. But CHOAD helps to
    spread enlightenment after the example of St. Peter. Let's reason with the
    Lewisburgers. No one's mind was ever changed with out help. Let's present
    them with the truth, the irresistible truth. And, no one's mind was ever
    changed overnight.

Heading: CHOAD
Content: is persistent, CHOAD is active 24 hours a day. item: CHOAD helps to sponsor
    stimulating speakers, like Herman T. Schneebeli. During last year's
    Moratorium, Mr. Schneebeli ap peared on campus to discuss Presi dent Nixon's
    Cambodian incursion (fiasco).

Heading: CHOAD
Content: prodded Mr. Schneebeli and spoke of him while canvassing. CHOAD advised towns
    people to write letters to Mr. Schneebeli. We felt that such action would be
    an effective way to change Mr. Schneebeli's person ality and manner of
    thinking, and even more important, his vote. item: CHOAD's archives are
    stocked with first stencils, peace sign stencils (those are buggers to m
    ake!), moratorium buttons (now, incidently, collectors' pieces), and the
    like. All items in the archives are available for use by any cam pus
    organization dedicated to CH OAD's goals. item: CHOAD members frequent ly
    participate in demonstrations. Through such forms of protest, we take our
    stand and flaunt it. We feel that demonstration leads to meaningful
    dialogue. Although our past record is rather dull in the area of
    demonstration, we hope to have at least a handful of martyrs for the coming
    academic year. item: CHOAD was partly respon sible for establishing B.U. as
    the national headquarters for the Soda Boycott last spring. Many CHOAD
    members, yours truly included, helped to construct a soda-can replica on the
    quad. We felt that the replica served quite effectively as an object of
    scorn. Many students , sacrificed eagerly caches of soda for the occasion.
    (By the way, we'd like to thank those students. En joyed the soda
    thoroughly! -- Just kidding; we find that humor, at times, helps one to "
    hide the tears" as it were). item: CHOAD cares!! Now: What can you do for
    CHOAD? Simple. Come to the in formal meetings -- come one, come all! If
    you've got something on your chest, get it off, and help CHOAD " get it on1"
    We look for ward to an increased membership. Help us carry last year's momen
    tum to greater Lewisburg, then on to West Milton, Montandon, Dan ville,
    Selinsgrove, and Sunbury! CHOAD stands ready to make a contribution to the
    whole of society. CHOAD challenges YOU: What's in YOUR head? -- and -- Is
    YOUR head " where it's at?"  Right on! Humbly, Joe Beates

Heading: C.H.O.A.D.
Content: turning back the clock an hour by which we indicate we shall accept the lack of
    sun that comes before it's late it is symbolic' sammy thinks that now we
    gain an hour for with the dark of midsemester students wish for power to
    turn the seasons back a month to gain the time we need (if I'm  to finish
    all this work Til have to read lightspeed!)

Heading: mm
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Meditation Chapel Swartz Lounge Friday, October 30 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services
    9:00 p.m. Class of 1972 Coffeehouse Saturday, October 31 8:00 a.m. Federal
    Service Entrance Examinations Carnegie Bldg. 208 12:00 Noon C.A. Retreat,
    Euell Gibbons Guest Cowan 2:00 p.m. Auto Rally sponsored by R.A.M. (Start)
    Swartz Parking Lot 8:30 p.m. A.B.S. Concert: John Sebastian and Buddy Miles
    Davis Gymnasium Sunday, November 1 10:30 a.m. 2:30 p.m. 4:00 p.m. 6:00 p.m.
    Chapel: Dr. James P. Carse Display of Prisons and Prisoners Sunday
    Afternoons With Music: " Music of Harry Partch" Catholic Mass Panhellenic
    Open Suites Monday, November 2 Display of Russian Books Bucknell University
    Faculty Family Swim Nite Bucknell Wives English Dept. Film: " Citizen Kane"
    Rooke Chapel Library Ist Fl. Cases Dr. Thomas E. Warner: Music & Arts Aud.
    Rooke Chapel Sorority Suites 4:45 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 3:00 p.m. Library
    Student Lounge Meeting Vaughan Lit. Aud. Freas-Rooke Pool University Lounge
    Vaughan Lit. Aud. Tuesday. November 3 12:30 p.m. 4:45 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:30
    p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:15 p.m. John Contact Lecture-Discussion: Mr. ing The
    University's Budget" Catholic Mass Intercollegiate Debate Society Christian
    Science Organization I.E.E.E. Lecture: Mr. William Frederick: " The Design
    of P.P. & L.'s Nuclear Plant" Dana Engring. 122 Poetry Reading: Brink Noll,
    Reading His Own Poetry Vaughan Lit. Lib. F. Zeller: " Creat- New Dorm Lounge
    Rooke Chapel Vaughan Lit. 203 Vaughan Lit. 241

Heading: Military Speaker
Content: 

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Committee
Content: Any student wishing to serve on (he committee on differently pre pared students
    must pick up an in terest sheet at the dean of student affairs office.
    Deadline for their return is Wednesday November 4 at 3 p.m. Applicants must
    also at tend the ABS meeting at 7 p.m. Wednesday in 102A Coleman.

Heading: Oz
Content: There will be one performance of THE WIZARD OF OZ Saturday November 7 at 8:00
    p.m. in Cole man Hall theatre. Tickets are on sale at the bookstore for $ 1
    . 00 .

Heading: Yoga
Content: Tuesday at 9 p.m. in Hunt formal living room, Indigo will sponsor a Hatha yoga
    class. The program will continue every Tuesday until the end of the semester
    and is open to all students, faculty, and ad ministrators.

Heading: Photography
Content: There will be a meeting of all in terested in the Photography Jan- Plan Monday,
    Navember 2, in Coleman Hall, Room 101A.

Heading: Blankets
Content: No blankets, pillows, mattresses etc. will be allowed in the gym dur ing
    tomorrow nights concert. Stu dents are also reminded that there is no
    smoking during the concert.

Heading: Lobby
Content: The lobby of Davis Gym will be closed until 7:45 p.m. before the concert by John
    Sebastion, tomor row night.

Heading: Found
Content: A pair of gold rimmed glasses were lost between the parking lot behind Coleman
    Hall and Coleman Hall Tuesday night or Wednesday morning. They may be
    recovered at THE BUCKNELLIAN office.

Heading: Ford Grant
Content: (Continued from Page 1 ) a stipend of $250 per month. A mar ried Fellow will
    receive a stipend of $250 per month and may also claim his/her spouse and up
    to two children as dependents; stipends for each dependent will be $50 per
    month. Instructions and application forms may be secured from the Ford
    Foundation, 320 East 43rd Street, New York 10017. The applicant is
    responsible for arranging to take the Graduate Record Examination,
    initiating ad mission into graduate school, ar ranging for recommendations,
    and forwarding certified copies of his undergraduate transcript. The
    deadline for submitting ap plications is January 31, 1971. The names of the
    recipients of the Fel lowships will be announced on or about April 15, 1971.

Heading: Tilton Encourages Registration,
Content: 

Heading: Distributes Jan Plan Booklet
Content: (Continued from Page 1) Veterans for Peace and Concerned Academy Graduates
    Against the War in Vietnam. Through these groups he hoped that " the
    frequency and nature of the war crimes being presently committed in Indo-
    China will be made public."  It is Capt. Johnson's contention that war
    crimes are not matters of chance happings, but that they are matters of
    policy " ex tending to the highest level of civilian and military leadership
    in the United States." Capt. Johnson spoke directly to his own personal
    combat experi ences in Vietnam. As knowledge basic to an understanding of
    his premise, Johnson defined the var ious " war crimes."  Among these were "
    murder, ill treatment of ci-

Heading: Black Study
Content: (Continued from Page 1) particularly noted for their lack of black coverage were
    the same men tioned above, as well as music and art. Many suggestions were
    given to implement a black studies program. Besides enriching existing
    courses, students proposed starting e sep arate black studies course (or
    courses), bringing in guest lecturers and black professars, increasing the
    University's black population and contact between whites and blacks. Some
    thought more atten tion should be given to " all minor ity groups," some
    preferred to ' study man rather than his color." Others considered starting
    a black studies department, or possibly " ed ucating the professors?" A few
    felt that " too much em phasis is being placed on black studies programs, or
    that college is too late to begin these programs." 1 Some noted that it must
    remain the individual's perogative to study or not study the black
    situation. The Committee on Afro-American Studies has met with a number of
    departments to raise the question of filling next year's vacancies with
    black professors. It is also hoping that the University will hire a black
    faculty member specifically as co ordinator or consultant on a black studies
    program. Powers spoke of publishing (with the permission of the respective
    in- saructors) a list of courses which already attend to blacks and their
    culture, or to have individual de partments note such studies in their own
    course descriptions. vilian population, killing of hos tages. plunder of
    public and private property and unjustified devasta tion." Certain instances
    of " search and destroy"  missions, " relocation of civilians" policies, "
    free-fire" zones, and outright torture were cited as evidence of violations.
    A large part of Capt. Johnson's speech dealt with the " idealology of
    militarism"  in this country. He spoke of the self-perpetuation of our
    military leadership, with a tre mendous majority of generals com ing from
    the service academies. A major point was that he, as a West Pointer, was
    never made aware of the very existence of such things as " war crimes."
    According to Johnson, as a West Point graduate he was " devoted to orders,"
    but after a few months in Vietnam, he was " dedicated to ex posing the
    Pentagon liars for what they are." During the subsequent question and answer
    period, and interest ing situation developed when an ROTC representative,
    who had him self served in Vietnam, represented his personal experiences.
    Although this gentleman did not dispute the majority of Johnson's claims, he
    did question their fre quency. Much debate centered around Capt. Johnson's
    claim that the war in Vietnam is a people's warand that " the U.S., when
    confronted with this situation decided to kill all of the Vietnamese people"
    (as evidenced by body counts as meas ures of military victory).

Heading: AAUP
Content: (Continued from Page 1) violated the rights and freedoms of students. They
    decided to investi gate the possibility of a resolution from all the
    Pennsylvania AAUP's to the national AAUP in protest. Finally the AAUP
    discussed the Universities stand on dismissing students to participate in
    political campaigns. The faculty had decided that students would have to be
    ex cused on an individual basis by their professors. The facldty did not
    decide to dis miss all students who wished to campaign, becaause of the
    general view that the University should not become involved in politics.
    Professor Peeler stated, " There was some fear that the University would be
    accused of politicization and lose its tex exempt status if students were
    excused to campaign.

Heading: The Senate
Content: There will be an ABS student forum to discuss the University Senate document
    Sunday at 7 p.m. in 102A Coleman Hail. Copies of the document are on reserve
    in the library.

Heading: Playground
Content: Anyone interested in fixing up the Mifflinburg Head Start Play ground should
    meet in the Moore Avenue parking lot, Saturday Oc tober 31, at 1:00 p.m.
    People with cars are especially needed.

Heading: Hilltop
Content: The Hilltop film program for to night has been cancelled because the distributor
    could not supply a copy of the film.

Heading: Watts
Content: (Continued from Page 1) going to be able to provide the Uni versity with
    additional monies, and alumni contributions to the oper ational end of the
    budget are feeble. That leaves increased tuitions, in dependent and
    corporate donations and the federal government as the major sources of
    revenues. Fed eral policy is more readily analyzed whereas tuition and
    solicited funds are variable and unpredictable. All indications from
    Washington are that federal aid to higher ed ucation, if not on the decline,
    is not actively increasing. Watts ex pects no change in this regard, and he
    explained why. " Public trust in education is shaky. This distrust derives
    from the blind belief many Americans have had that through education we can
    do whatever we want. Their faith in the American educational system as a
    means for curing the ills of the nation and as a success ful means for
    personal advance ment has been shaken. We see this attitude reflected in the
    federal leg islation that proposes to require states to adopt procedures for
    con trolling campus disruptions as a prerequisite for receiving federal
    assistance, and in voter rejection of public school bond issues.

Heading: I
Content: wouldn't be surprised," he con tinued, " if such legislation were to continue."
    By LISSA BLOCK Twenty new Jan Plan projects, along with revisions of the
    original Jan Plan 1971 catalog, are describ ed in a supplemental brochure
    which will be published this week. The booklet also includes a list of
    eighty-five faculty members who are willing to sponsor student-pro- posed
    projects. The listing was ad ded to this year's catalog because oi the
    reluctance shown last year by some students--especially fresh men--to
    approach professors of whose reactions they were uncer tain. Dr. John Tilton
    Associate Pro fessor of English and Director of the January Program urges
    all stu dents who are considering complet ing academic or social work dur
    ing January to officially register their intent during the registration
    period, November 2-12. " Bucknell has a real potential for developing one of
    the best Jan uary Plans in the country,"  Dr. Tilton emphasized, " because
    it is one of the most flexible and in novative. It can be so, because it is
    completely voluntary." Many students who initiate and carry out independent
    projects do not see the benefit of official reg istration, because for the
    individual the only result is a note on his transcript, he continued. "
    However, filing one's project is a sign of real commitment," he explained,
    and, " since the program is on a trial basis, statistics are quite relevant.
    " Substantial volun tary' registration is real proof of a program's worth."
    Dr. Tilton con cluded. The January Plan Evaluation Committee, composed of
    four stu dents and six faculty members, was initiated by a faculty motion
    last year. Chaired by Charles Coder, it is committed to foster the de
    velopment of the January Plan by evaluating its success and suggest ing
    means of improvement.

Heading: ########################################
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of living............You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: ask for your free copy of RAGS magazine
Content: - -------------- i-Tit' m ir v iw r  T IAN

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: Politics 70
Content: 

Heading: BY MIKE GUIER
Content: (Continued from Page 2) went for Nixon in 1968, while Humphrey ran a poor third.
    That says something about the voters in this state. Referring to the gray
    haired veteran of eighteen years in the Senate (and 14 years in the House
    prior to that' as the " wily old fox,"  Mr. Brock set out on the hunt with
    help from Nixon, Agnew, and others. Gore was a " radic- lib,"  out of touch
    with Tennessee, and a dupe of the Eastern es tablishment. Senator Gore,
    meanwhile, stormed the state shaking hands, playing checkers in country
    stores, and even playing his fiddle at rallies. In one of his ads, the tall,
    62-year-old Senator, looking " sensational"  in a black suit, sits astride a
    large, white horse riding through a green pasture. The resembalance to
    Andrew Jackson, another Tennessean, is not accidental. Lately, Gore has been
    gaining steadily, and presently the race is called a toss-up. I'll pick
    Albert Gore. If he wins, Mr. Nixon may learn not to fight men of his
    integrity and determination. Vermont - Former Democratic Governor Philip
    Hoff should knock off Sen. Winston Prouty. Prouty has run a poor campaign
    and is not nearly as effective as his senior, George Aiken.

Heading: E X P A N  S I O N
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: ANNOUNCES
Content: 

Heading: EXPANDED HOURS-- 10:30 p.m. - midnight Sun-Thurs-
Content: 

Heading: EXPANDED SERVICE--to individual rooms
Content: 

Heading: EXPANDED MENU
Content: 

Heading: HOAGIES
Content: 

Heading: Sm.
Content: 

Heading: Lg-
Content: 

Heading: SANDWICHES (One Size)
Content: 

Heading: Regular
Content: 

Heading: ---------------------------
Content: 

Heading: Tuna
Content: 

Heading: ____________________
Content: 

Heading: Turkey
Content: 

Heading: __________________
Content: 

Heading: _____________
Content: 

Heading: $ .65
Content: 

Heading: .90
Content: 

Heading: .95
Content: 

Heading: .95
Content: 

Heading: $1-25
Content: 

Heading: 1-65
Content: 

Heading: 1-75
Content: 

Heading: 1.75
Content: 

Heading: .Filet of Fish
Content: 

Heading: ______________
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: Corned B eef
Content: 

Heading: ________
Content: 

Heading: --  --  -
Content: 

Heading: Hot Sausage
Content: 

Heading: __________________
Content: 

Heading: .60
Content: 

Heading: $1.00
Content: 

Heading: 100
Content: 

Heading: Italian Steak
Content: 

Heading: --------------------
Content: 

Heading: -95
Content: 

Heading: 105
Content: 

Heading: 1.75
Content: 

Heading: 1.95
Content: 

Heading: ALL SOFT DRINKS (14 oz.)
Content: 

Heading: Meatball
Content: 

Heading: _________________
Content: 

Heading: Roast Beef
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: ---------------------
Content: 

Heading: .85
Content: 

Heading: 110
Content: 

Heading: 1.55
Content: 

Heading: 2.05
Content: 

Heading: 30c
Content: 

Heading: PLUS OUR COMPLETE LINE OF ITALIAN STYLE PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: Order 30 minutes prior to delivery
Content: 

Heading: All orders C.O-D. no tax no takeout
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY S
Content: 

Heading: AT
Content: 

Heading: 523.9251
Content: mm AE i l i ?>>fes #HflEMHitMEMBaaaMBMtfMMMMMMlMNMNEa W w

Heading: 'Sometimes-concvete, Sometimes philosophical
Content: 

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: Interview Depicts Gardner's Frankness in Discussion
Content: By DAVID HAMMER The subject of this week's inter view is James E. Gardner,
    assistant professor of religion and University Chaplain. In sometimes-
    concrete, sometimes-philosophical language, Gardner openly converses on the
    nature of love, his favorite theolo gians, religious imagery in folk and
    rock music, and his own theological background. Throughout, what is evident
    is Gardner's ability to speak with students, and it is with his de sire to
    discuss problems with them that this interview opens. * * * BUCKNELLIAN: Do
    a greater number of students come to see you as Chaplain, or university
    profes sor? GARDNER: There are a number of students who do come with prob
    lems like the draft, but it's still early to tell whether more students come
    to see me because I'm  Chap lain. I had quite a few students come to see me
    before I was Chap lain here, mainly because of the nature of the material we
    covered in class. A lot of the students don't come to discuss the particular
    material in class, but come because the ma terial has touched something that
    disturbs them, and they want to come and talk about it. Not too long ago, I
    had a girl just stay after class because she wanted to talk about her own
    sexual problems. What sparked it had been a dis cussion on the difference
    between infatuation and love. B: What is that difference? G: It's the
    difference between possessiveness and nonpossessive- ness. B: With love
    being the non-pos- sessive form? G: Yes. Infatuation is like being in love
    with love--you're in love with the feelings that a person gives you. But you
    never reach the per son; you never reach the reality of the other person.
    You're still locked in your own narcissism. You love the pleasure that the
    other person brings you. B: On another line of thought, is there one
    particular theologian whom you especially admire over others? G: Several
    theologians, whom 1 respect, come to mind. One, of the last century, is
    Frederick Dennison Morris, an English theologian. Some

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: rh
Content: 

Heading: /
Content: 

Heading: ate
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: 9 '0
Content: PINNED: Leslie Keyser, '73 to Rich Day, '73 ENGAGED: Janet O'Leary, '72 to Cliff
    Rehm, '72 (Muhlenberg College) Please send all announcements of pinnings,
    engagements or wedd ings to Box W-157, c /o  "Private Eye."

Heading: WHEN HUNGER STRIKES
Content: 

Heading: STRIKE BACK ! ! !
Content: 

Heading: CALL 523-9251
Content: of the contemporary ones who in terest me a great deal include Karl Barth and
    Soren Kierkegaard, who isn't really a theologian but, never theless, writes
    about the problem of being a Christian. The person who interests me most
    right now is Norman Brown. I find him giving psychological expres sions to
    theology; he's more in terested in the psychological ac companiment of
    theological belief. B: If he sees psychology and re ligion as interrelated,
    can Brown (or anyone, for that matter) dis tinguish the two? G: We can
    distinguish them, but we can't keep them really separate --and that's
    exactly the whole phil osophy of life the Norman Brown's talking about; the
    ability to make distinctions without alienation. B: Don't you think that
    such se emingly circular reasoning, em bodied in the statement 'distinc
    tions without alienation,' can drive some individuals away from re ligion?
    G: I don't think that a lot of people are alienated--but it de pends on what
    you mean by 're ligion.' We ought to get rid of a lot of religion--there's
    bad religion and good religion, bad psychology and good psychology-- B:
    Could one designate institu tional religion as 'bad religion,' with its
    emphasis on the group rather than the individual? G: Institutions are of
    value. Every individual is an institution. Your body is an institution: it
    es tablishes something dependable, something that keeps happening every day
    and, if it didn't, you wouldn't have any spontaneity. If you had to wonder
    what your body was going to do in the next in stant, you wouldn't have any
    free dom at all. Institutions provide a certain foundation of our free,
    spontaneous activity. Certain things are being taken care of, so that we can
    be free to be ourselves. B: Can collective religion, as an institution, be a
    spontaneous force? G: It could be. There is a lot of spontaneity in it.
    Soren Kierkega ard said something to the effect that, to say a prayer,
    recite the Creed, say the Lord's Prayer, or take part in a communion service
    that has a definite set form--and to do it again and again, with a sense of
    boredom--shows that the person has lost something of his spontaneity, not
    the institution. He calls it 'seriousness,' and says we've lost it. For me,
    taking part in some service that is established can be spontaneous; one can
    hear parts of it the first time--if he is really aware. Norman Brown reasons
    along these lines. He gets into this prob lem of (what he calls) 'compulsive
    repetition.' There's an ambiguity there, in that we sometimes repeat things
    that we enjoy in order to avoid novel experiences. But we sometimes repeat
    them because we find them very pleasurable. Brown says that the infant can
    never have his pleasurable sensations repeated often enough, because there's
    al ways a spontaneity. If we can have a playful attitude toward reality,
    then it's always fresh. B: As newly-appointed Chaplain, what are some of the
    things you particularly hope to accomplish? G: I'm trying to do two things
    at once, which may indeed be im possible: to provide a kind of wor ship
    program (worship is the de cisive action in life for a Christian, because
    that's the action in which we're really expressing our final relationship in
    life, our relationship with God) which is, somehow, both in the idiom of
    students but still has some solid, theological and Christ ian (Biblical)
    integrity. But I'm not sure what the idiom of the students is, because there
    are so many different groups of students. And, in trying to reach those who
    are turned off by religion, part of the difficulty lies in that you never
    know whether or not the bar rier in any personal relationship is on your
    side or on the other side. B: Do you consciously attempt to devise services
    which will especial ly appeal to students, and possibly reach those who are
    turned off by the institutional church? G: Yes. Right now, I'm working with
    a student, trying to put to gether a service that will be all folk and rock
    music, interspersed with some readings or, perhaps, some meditations. That
    kind of service will help to bring out the interchange going on between a
    lot of stuff that's being written by our folk musicians, and even some of
    our rock musicians, and Christian ity. here are many Biblical re ferences in
    it. For example, I sat down with a student yesterday, just listening to some
    of James Taylor's music, and almost everyone of those songs has all kinds of
    images of Christ in them. B:Do you think that im agery was intentional? G: I
    don't know. I suppose it's like Jesus said, 'People have eyes and don't see,
    and ears and don't hear.' But much of the Beatle music, too, and that of
    other artists, is relevant and pertinent to re ligious insight. B: Do
    parents and others react adversely to your playing, say. James Taylor's
    music as a part of a religious service, as was done last Sunday? G: No. I
    didn't get any criticism at all about that service. And, usually, you'll
    hear criticism be fore you'll hear praise. Also, nobody made any criticisms
    when we played the overture from the rock opera Tom m y.' Now there's a
    thing that is just full of 'religious awareness.' B: Getting back to your
    thoughts on love, do you think that love ge- gins with one relationship and
    then progresses to more and more, or can one, in your mind, love 'all as
    one' initially? G: It starts with the mother-child relationship. I believe
    the psychi atric insight to be basically right: that the relationship the
    infant es tablishes with the mother deter mines, to a large degree, how the
    rest we're going to relate to of the world. B:Why can not a father-child re
    lationship be the foundation for love relationships? G: Because the child
    isn't aware of the father, at first. B: On a biographical line of in quiry,
    has your coming here been achieved in a roundabout manner? G: I started out
    in engineering-- I was a chemical engineer, and I got my bachelor's and
    master's de grees in chemical engineering at Carnegie Tech, which is now
    Car- negie-Mellon. I worked as an en- gineeer for four years, then went to
    seminary for three years, ana got my bachelor's degree in the ology. While I
    was in seminary, I did pretty well, and got a tutorial fel lowship to go on
    to get my master's degree, which I did in a New York seminary, staying there
    for two years, here, as a tutor, I had my first experience in teaching. Then
    I went into the parish min istry for three years, and continued doing
    studies for my doctorate at the University of Pennsylvania, on a part-time
    basis. Another scholar ship permitted me to go back, full time, to finish
    up. So I did, and then started reading for my dis sertation--and I'm
    finishing that now, in my third year at this uni versity.

Heading: Harmon's
Content: 

Heading: Forecast
Content: 

Heading: At a Cost of Five Million. . .
Content: 

Heading: University Center Design
Content: 

Heading: Seems Precisely Planned
Content: Original material returned undamaged. Satisfaction guaranteed. Allow 30 days for
    delivery. Add 450 for postage & handling.

Heading: G IANT B LO W -U P
Content: 2x3 ft. Poster (black & white) Send any black & white or color photo up to 8x10"
    (no negatives please) to: RONALD JAYE Poster Service P.O. Box 43 Plainview,
    N.Y. 11803 Enclose cash, check or money order (no C .O .D .'s) in the am
    ount of $ 3 .5 0  for each blow-up. NAME- A D D R E S S - C ITY- -S T A T E
    . -Z IP .

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 30, 1970 By JUNE HEISTAND In the past, mentioning the Uni versity Center
    has elicited various negative thoughts from students, simply because no one
    outside of the physical plant or the adminis tration seemed to realize that
    the building had a future. But now that the Center is sixty per-cent
    complete, and one can forsee a ribbon-cutting ceremony and dedication in
    July or August of '71, people are dropping their skep ticism: and the
    Bucknellian decided to find out what the University is getting for five
    million dollars. The Idea In the minds of all the engineers concerned with
    the new structure, the idea was to construct a build ing which would provide
    a place where the Bucknellians could meet and discuss new's of the world.
    The main lobby, as well as other areas, has been designed with this intent.
    The lobby will have televisions and television equipment, sound equip ment,
    a news ticker service, and slock information. This extensive communication
    facility will be ex tended to other areas of the build ing, one of which is
    the Forum Room. In a style similar to that of an Old English court or Roman
    forum, seats will be arranged on a steep incline and in a semi-circle to fa
    cilitate ease for both lecturers, entertainers, and audiences.

Heading: A
Content: small room seating 250 people, the Forum will have theatrical light ing,
    electronic sound equipment and rearview projection facilities. The decor
    will be in wood and fabric to lend accoustical and architectur al grace. The
    ground floor of the University Center will hold the main dining room which
    will accomodate 900 people simultaneously, and a snack bar which will
    replace the Bison and College Inn. The terrace, which faces Davis Gym, is an
    extension of the main dining room which can be used during fair weather.
    This same floor will also accomodate a barber shop, six dark rooms for "
    shutter- bugs,"  and a craft room with pot tery wheels and ample facilities
    foi " Madison Avenue" publicity chairmen. New Dorm ping-pong plawers will
    finally have a home, and Swartz Pool sharks will be able to satisfy their
    most pressing needs within the confines of the game room. Following the
    trend of com mercial establishments, the Uni versity's one and only store
    (the Bookstore) will move to a new, modern location in the Center. Oc
    cupying twelve per cent of the building, the design and arrange ment should
    be quite an improve ment. The second floor will consist of lounges, dining
    rooms and listen ing rooms. These are being done with distinctive
    architectural treat ment and modern furnishings. One of the rooms will have
    entire walls of stone, and block and cube-styled chairs, couches, too. To
    ensure pleasing interior de signs, the " physical plant" em ployed a firm to
    assist with the in terior aspects of the building. These interior designers
    feature the use of natural elements such as brick, quarry tile, fieldstone,
    and wood. As for the exterior construction, which will be completed around
    December 1, more than half-a- doz en architectural designs, ranging from
    typical Georgian to modern, were considered. The chosen design is a
    compromise between the two extremes. While the Centei was to conform with
    the character of the entire campus, a pure Colonial design would have only
    permitted two floors instead of four. This would have meant the use of a
    larger site, an impossibility considering the fact that the rest of the hill
    is intended as a University Common to be left unadulterated. The site at the
    corner of Moore Avenue and Seventh Street was deliberately not used for many
    years because people thought that it should be saved for a common- use
    building. The space between the Center and Chapel is to remain open to allow
    a clear view between the Library, Davis Gym, and the distant hills. For this
    reason, the roof of the Center, although of the Mansard type, is flat.
    Although the building does not use the exact same University design, it has
    the same brick and mortar composition as the Chapel and Li brary. A trait
    common to all the buildings, the windows will be out lined in stone and
    extended in height, in some cases for several floors. The main entrances
    will feature large sections of windows in three- colonade design with
    circular stone sections on top. Mechanical features will include special
    equipment for the sound listening ranrae and

Heading: I '. " -  ----
Content: building will have the latest com puterized surveilance equipment, which will
    monitor heating and cooling equipment, the operation of many refrigerators
    and freezers, the control of lighting, and the de tection of smoke and fire.
    Completely air-conditioned, the University Center, will use a 500-ton steam
    absorption unit. In order to conserve the use of steam and elec tricity, a
    new type of heat transfer, a wheel which is approximately 12 feet in
    diameter, will be used. This will be a first for such a device in Central
    Pennsylvania. The Construction According to Elmer Ritter Jr., general
    cotnractor for Ritter Bros, of Harrisburg (the firm which also built the
    Chapel), the construction of the University Center is no dif ferent than any
    other construction project. To the ninety-three men on the job, all
    buildings are composed of the same basic elements; it's in the outward
    appearances upon com pletion where the differences lie. So far, everything
    is on schedule, no major problems have been en countered but, when pressed
    for a difficulty, Mr. Ritter mentioned safety and the task of convincing the
    construction crews to don hard hats. Bud Rife, supervisor of the Cen ter's
    construction, asked by one Senior engineer in a Bucknellian in terview as to
    why engineers haven't been gathering the contractors. " I'm slightly
    disappointed,"  he com mented. " I thought that being at this University, we
    would have en gineers bugging us all the time. So far that hasn't been the
    case."  In deed, if students do contact the con tractors, arrangements can
    be made to see the blueprints.

Heading: 1--
Content: 0 % *

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: .riviaJ
Content: The total UN budget is less than one-half the New York Sanitation Department's
    budget. At one time, Larison Hall was surrounded by a high board fence. Out
    of 5,000 years of recorded history, mankind has been at peace only 292
    years. The street address of Hunt Hall It's that time of the season when we
    feel we should remind readers that our weekly ratings of the Top Twenty
    Teams are based on a team's power quotient, not on games won and lost, nor
    on per sonal opinion. 1 The power quotient itself is based on an average of
    how well a team does against all opposition . . in other words, it's a past
    perform ance rating. Each of the 640 foot ball teams we follow receives an
    adjusted rating each week. These twenty, then, in our opinion, are the most
    powerful football teams in the nation - this week! This explains why a
    team's po sition in the Top 20 might fluctuate from week to week even though
    it remains undefeated. It must main tain its expected level of power. For
    example, the Air Force and Arizona State are both undefeated. However, the
    average of their per formances each week does not place them among the top
    five or even among the top ten. Their resulting power quotients would rate
    them as underdogs against many of the top teams. Many letter-writers feel
    that when * a  team has been beaten a couple of times, it should be dropped
    from any ranking. In some national rat ings, this happens. We maintain that
    many one, two, and even three-time losers are among the finest teams in the
    coun try, and should be rated according ly. Alabama and U.C.L.A., for ex
    ample, have been beaten three times, but certainly are among the top teams
    in the nation. This is probably only a partial answer to the many questions
    we receive, asking why we still include Missouri in our Top 20 . . why un
    defeated teams such as Dartmouth and Toledo aren't included . . or why
    Stanford might be 16th one week and 9th the next. It's always interesting to
    specu late on the relative power of college football teams, and naturally,
    ours is only one opinion. We can be as wrong as anyone else. Looking very
    quickly at some of the squabbles that will be brewing Saturday, it's
    difficult to see where any of the top-ranked powers will have much trouble.
    Our new Number One Team, Texas, will beat S.M.U. by 28 points . . second-
    ranked Notre Dame will annihilate Navy by 48 . . Ohio State, ranked 3rd this
    week, could run into Wildcat troubles; however, the Buckeyes should win by
    13. Fourth-rated Nebraska is favored over Colorado by 17, and Tennes

Heading: The Big Splash
Content: 

Heading: Cornell, S t Francis Play
Content: 

Heading: In Bison Polo Invitational
Content: 

Heading: BIB
Content: Frease-Rooke pool will resound with action like this for two days during the
    water polo H I tournament this weekend. see will whop Wake Forest by 29. A
    ir Force 31 Arizona 7 Alabama 27 Mississippi S 22 Arkansas 35 Texas A&M 7 A
    uburn 36 Florida 14 Boston College 20 A rm y 10 Bucknell 21 Rutgers 17 B
    uffalo 14 H oly Cross 7 Citadel 25 Richm ond 20 Colgate 20 Lehigh 14
    Columbia 30 Cornell 27 Dartmouth 24 Yale 17 Davidson 23 V.M.I. 6 G eorgia
    Tech 21 Duke 15 Harvard 20 Pennsylvania 15 M ichigan 35 W isconsin 13 M
    issouri 25 Kansas State 14 Nebraska 31 Colorado 14 N otre Dame 48 Navy 0
    Ohio State 34 Northwestern 21 Penn State 27 W est Virginia 24 Pittsburgh 23
    Syracuse 20 Princeton 24 Brow n 7 San D iego St 35 Fresno State 13 S.
    California 27 California 17 Stanford 26 Oregon State 14 Texas 38 S.M.U. 10
    Delaware 17 Tem ple 6 Lafayette 21 Gettysburg 15 BaldwinW all 21 H eidelberg
    10 W ittenberg 38 Ohio W esleyan o By MARK KNODERER This weekend the second
    annual Bucknell Invitational Water Polo Tournament will be held at the
    Freas-Rooke natatorium. The tournament promises to be a great improvement
    over the first invitational of last year. Teams from Cornell, St. Francis of
    New York, R.P.I., and Penn State, as well as two Bison squads will provide
    the action. The first game starts at 10:00 a m. Saturday morning and pits
    Cornell against the Bucknell " B" team. Games will continue all day, and
    will conclude around 8:30 Saturday night. The semifinals will be played
    Sunday morning at 10:00 a.m., and the finals at 2:00 p.m. The water polo
    club took its lumps last weekend, as they were defeated by Yale twice and
    Army once, and scrambled to a win over St. Francis of New York. They get
    1CUC1VC, OOiuug n u j  << V  w-- -- -------------- >>. AV.V..-W o

Heading: Gene Depew: Defensive Stalwart
Content: By DAVE COULTER When the thundering Herd clashes against the opposition, helmet
    to helmet, shoulder to shoulder, often the football, that weird shaped
    bundle of air, seems to get most of the attention. The abilities of those
    who handle the " pigskin,"  thereby, seem to rise naturally above the
    remainder of the action. However, many of the fiercest battles in the
    opening and closing of holes goes unherald ed. Co-captain Gene Depew of the
    Bison defense is one of those men who endures and enjoys this smash ing
    competition. Gene began playing football with the team at Juniata High
    School in Mifflintown, Pa., where he was a powerful fullback on their un
    defeated 1966 squad. Although he admits that there is not as much " glory"
    in playing on the line, Gene has enthusiastically adapted his talents to the
    left tackle position. The Bison co-captain sees coord ination and teamwork
    as essential to the success of the defensive ** squad. Gene explains that
    since " we go to them instead of wait ing for them to come to us, prob lems
    can arise if someone does not cover the position vacated by another player
    who is firing the gap or shifting to another area." Therefore, if the team
    fails to work together holes can open in the defense. The Bison defensive
    line has.

Heading: Send Her A Pina
Content: however, been immovable this year. Gene sights with pride the poor rushing
    record of the opposition against the Blue line. Although the 1970 Herd is
    some what smaller than in past seasons, Gene reports that the " great at
    titude"  and " 100% positive team affort"  more than compensate for any
    decrease in the number of in dividuals. As a captain Gene feels an added
    responsibility to try to " keep the team together"  as they work to ward
    bettering their record. He was " especially disappointed" in their losses
    this year, because they were all so close. However, Gene is more than ready
    to call the defensive signals in upcoming ABORTION Referral Service <ARS>
    Safe, Legal (N.Y.) and Inexpen sive. Please call Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157
    24 hours a day. All in quiries confidentiaL games, as he sees fine prospects
    for the team in the remainder of the season. After school the Bison co-
    captain hopes to continue to play ball or to become a coach and maybe to
    watch his younger brother, now a B.U .sophomore running back, as he
    develops. Football is obviously number one with Gene and he looks with deter
    mination toward the upcoming games with Rutgers and Colgate. As the Bisons
    fight to fulfill their hopes this season, every football fan can be assured
    that the Bison co-captain will be giving his all to the team.

Heading: STRAND
Content: 

Heading: SUNBU RY,
Content: 

Heading: PA.
Content: 

Heading: I TONIGHT thru TUESDAY
Content: A  woman born for love. A  man born to love her. A  timeless moment in a world
    gone mad.

Heading: "SUNFLOWER"
Content: -- with-- Sophia Loren M arcello M astroinanni W EEKDAYS AT 7 8t 9

Heading: SAT. FROM 1 --  SUN. FROM 2
Content: 

Heading: >> i l i s
Content: a chance to redeem themselves in the BU Invitational this weekend. In the dual
    match with Yale " A" team on Friday, the Bisons dis covered that the big
    boys were also physical boys. The Eli com mitted 32 fouls, nearly doubling
    the Bison's 17, but with their great depth, the replacements were as good as
    the first string. Yale could also score many goals, as every man on their
    team was very proficient at shooting. Six players for Yale scored two or
    more goals, topped by Jim Den- vir's nine. The Bisons were game, however,
    and trailed only 11-9 at halftime. They were blanked 6-0 in the third
    period, as Yale moved out to a commanding lead. The offense perked up again
    in the fourth quart er to make the final score 22-12. In the tournament on
    Saturday, the first opponent was Army, and the Cadets prevailed, 14-5. The
    Bi sons played defensive ball, but as a result could not score themselves.
    Paul Landes pumped in five goals but received no offensive support. Army ace
    Steve Jackson outscor- ed the whole club, as he scored six goals, raising
    his two-game total against the Bisons to fifteen. The next opponent was
    Yale. The Bisons stuck to their defensive tac tics and held the Eli to
    twelve goals, but still could find no of fensive punch. Frosh Steve Winings
    scored two, and Peter O'Keeffe and Landes scored one apiece, making the
    score 12-4. In the third round the Bisons faced St. Francis and came up with
    a victory. The club swept to a 5-0 lead in the first quarter, and held off
    the Cardinals the rest of the way to win, 11-6. Landes scored five goals,
    O'Keef fe two, and Winings, Dyke Ed wards, Bob Richards, and Dean Hunt one
    apiece. The clubs log now stands at 2-3, not including non-league triumphs
    over R.P.I. and Penn State. Tournament Schedule Saturday BU " B"  vs.
    Comell-10:00 a.m. BU " A"  vs. Penn State-ll:15 a.m. Cornell vs. RPI-2:15
    p.m. St. Francis vs. Penn State-3:30 p.m. BU " B"  vs. RPI-6:00 p.m. BU " A"
    vs. St. Francis-7:15 p.m. (league match) Sunday Semi-finals-9:00 a.m. Semi-
    finals-10:45 a.m. Finals-2:00 p.m.

Heading: The Top
Content: 

Heading: Twenty
Content: 1-- Texas 2-- Notre Dame 3-- Ohio State 4-- Nebraska 5 -- Tennessee 6-- Michigan
    7-- Stanford 8-- Arkansas 9-- L.S.U. 16 --Auburn 11-- Air Force 12 --
    Mississippi 13 -- Arizona State 14-- Missouri 15 -- Southern Cal 16 --
    Alabama 17-- Houston 18--

Heading: U.C.L.A
Content: 19 -- Georgia Tech 20-- San Diego State

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for Christmas, Easter or summer?
Content: E m ploym ent opportunities, econom ic fligh ts, discounts. W rite for inform
    ation (air m ail).

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street, Newport, LW .. England
Content: 

Heading: C . P. D. S.
Content: m m mmmpm MMPIVM

Heading: EVERYBODY
Content: 

Heading: GET
Content: 

Heading: TO
Content: 

Heading: GETHER TRY TO LOVE
Content: 

Heading: ONE
Content: 

Heading: ANOTHER
Content: 

Heading: RIGHT
Content: 

Heading: UOW .
Content: -- Chet Powers

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: f r ie n d s m e e t i n g 11:00 A id. SUNDAY

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: -- N
Content: 

Heading: -- T--
Content: 

Heading: R-- O-- D-- U-- C-- I-- N-- G
Content: -the

Heading: Birthday Pizza
Content: 

Heading: SMALL $2.00 --  LARGE $3.00
Content: 

Heading: Call CAMPUS DELIVERY SERVICE 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: SASSAMAN'S MUSIC STORE
Content: 3 M iles South o f M ifflinburg --  O n Route 104

Heading: PHONE MIFFLINBURG 966-0834
Content: 

Heading: PIANOS -- COMBO ORGANS
Content: 

Heading: AMPUFIERS
Content: --

Heading: GUITARS
Content: 

Heading: Other Stringed Instruments. Books and Most
Content: 

Heading: Musical Supplies
Content: 

Heading: PIANO TUNING SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: O PEN  EVENINGS 4  TO  8 --  SATURDAYS 1 TO  8
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: bortion
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: 

Heading: ounseling
Content: 

Heading: , I
Content: 

Heading: nformation
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: nd
Content: 

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: eferral
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: ervices
Content: Abortions up to 24 weeks o f pregnancy are now legal in New York State. There
    are no residency restrictions at cooperating hospitals and clinics. Only the
    consent o f the patient and the performing physician is required. If you
    think you are pregnant, consult your doctor. Don't delay. Early abortions
    are simpler and safer. If you need information or professional assist ance,
    including immediate registration into available hospitals and clinics,
    telephone:

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: he
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: bortion
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: nformation
Content: 160 WEST 86th STREET NEW YORK, N. Y. 10024 2 1 2 -8 7 3 - 6650

Heading: 8 A.M. TO 10 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: SEVEN DAYS A WEEK
Content: OCTOBER 30, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: m ! I I i

Heading: Leopard
Content: 

Heading: fs
Content: 

Heading: Booters Edge Crusaders
Content: 

Heading: The Rusty Knights
Content: 

Heading: Bisons Challenge Rutgers;
Content: 

Heading: Gilewicz Returns to Action
Content: By BOB WENDEL Coach Craig Reynolds' soccer squad notched its fifth win against
    one defeat and a tie, as it squeaked by Susquehanna, 1-0, as freshman
    lineman Philip Campbell, scored the only goal on a head shot. "The boys
    looked very shoddy during the first quarter, as Sus quehanna had many
    scoring op portunities, but due to the excel lent play of both Larry
    Greenwood and Lloyd Ryysylainen they were unable to score," the coach com
    mented. Reynolds went on to say that the first period was the only period
    Susquehanna was able to put any real pressure on the goalie as his team
    dominated the rest of the ball game. "The second quarter we dominat ed
    completely, and in fact it was in this period that we scored our goal. It
    came on a very nice play. We were awarded a comer kick, and Glenn Mars
    lofted a perfect chip directly in front of the goal, and Campbell headed the
    ball per fectly." The soccer mentor explained that his team also went on to
    control the second half, and the only trouble the team had was with one
    especially tall inside lineman. However, he stated that junior fullback
    Larry Greenwood outhead- ed him throughout the game, and thereby nullified
    his effectiveness. Once again, the teams' basic problem was scoring. Even
    though the team has wop over 70% of its games, it has only outscored its
    opponents 15-8. Coach Reynolds feels that this in part is due to the
    relatively short time the line has been playing together, however, more so
    because the team as a whole is still not using its wings as effectively as
    it could. "We are trying to force the ball down the middle too much, and
    consequently, we're not getting off as many good shots as we should."
    Concerning this weekends game with Lafayette, Reynolds explained that
    although the Leopards record isn't outstanding, they have been playing some
    very difficult teams out of the conference, and could be very well prepared
    for his booters. He commented that in the game two years ago, (the last time
    B.U. played them at Easton), the Bisons outplayed the Pards, but lost 1-0.
    Last year the Bisons defeated the Leopards 3-1, but as Reynolds ex plains
    it, "The game was not as close as the score would seem to indicate, and I
    expect a very tough game." Another reason for the mentor's cautious attitude
    is due to the re cent loss of sophomore lineman Joe Steinmetz, who will be
    out for the year with a broken foot. The importance of this game is obvious
    --if B.U. loses, they must beat Delaware to win the division, but if the
    Bisons win, they neec only tie Delaware for the title. Reynolds also
    released his choices for soccer player of the week for the last two weeks--
    Glenn Mars winning the distinction last week, while Larry Greenwood received
    the honor this week. MAC Standings Delaware Bucknell Lehigh Lafayette Rider
    Gettysburg 3 2 1 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 2 4 By JIM NORTHREDGE One of the biggest
    mysteries this fall season is the failure of Rutger's football team. The
    Scarlet Knights had been predicted to have one of their best seasons in a
    long time, but the superlatives started dropping off after the first game of
    the season when they slaughtered Lafayette 41- 16. Since then the Knights
    have lost five games in a row. Head football coach Fred Prender still
    retains some of the early sea son accolades, "Early this season we figured
    that Rutgers would be one of our three toughest opponents and I still think
    they will be. They have fine personnel; they're just a sleeping giant." The
    Knights do have excellent personnel on paper. They possess two big and fast
    backs in Steve Ferrughelli and Larry Robertson. Ferrughelli at 6-2 and 228
    is Rut ger's workhorse at fullback. He has slammed for 253 yards in 68
    carries so far this season. Larry Robertson is expected to be able to play
    after being injured against Columbia. The speedy tail back is averaging 4.3
    yards per carry for a total of 232 yards. The Knights possess a capable
    quarterback in Mike Yancheff. The junior has passed for 596 yards so far
    this season, but with 10 big in terceptions. Yancheff has capable receivers
    in flanker A1 Fenstemacher and Bob Shutte. Fenstemacher is the team's
    leading receiver despite a sore frac tured finger. The Kinght quarterback is
    sure to test the Bison's secondary and much of his success this season has
    come from throwing short flare passes to his backs, especially Fer rughelli,
    and his tight end Jim Fallon at 6-5 provides a big target in a crowd.
    Prender is glad to have Paul Gilewicz back in his defensive secondary but in
    an effort to bolster his forces there he has shifted Greg Doviak to safely
    also. Doviak has been working hard all week and is ready to play if needed.
    Offensively, Prender plans to start the same offensive unit that has been so
    successful in the past few weeks. Rutgers has suffered key injuries all year
    but now they appear to be in fine shape to provide stiff com petition tor
    the Big Blue. Their younger players have gained much experience and some
    veterans have returned to their lineup. For the seventh week in a row it
    looks like the Thundering Herd will have an other tough game.

Heading: Bisonettes Down Messiah
Content: 

Heading: To Conclude 1970 Season
Content: By STEPH LAUDENBACH The Bisonettes ended their 1970 season Wednesday with a win
    over Messiah, 3-0. The game followed a loss to Blo- omsburg last week, in
    which the girls were defeated 2-0. Both games were away. Kathy Kellog (left
    wing) and Jill Schlichter (right inner) opened the Messiah game with good
    cross field passing. Fullbacks Marji Janda and Peggy Wilhem provided good de
    fense, while Sue Grant, Ronnie Hilles, and Gina Ambrose scored the three
    goals. The Bisonettes had little trouble with bunching since the Messiah
    field is somewhat smaller than the girls have been used to, ac cording to
    Coach Marjorie Peck. In addition to the regular season games, the girls
    scrimmaged with the Center County Club Team Par ent's Weekend and tied them,
    2-2. The Bisonettes felt that this was one of their best for teamwork; and
    they were very pleased with the parent turnout. Having ended their season
    with a 3-2-1 record, the girls are looking forward to the Susquehanna Field
    Hockey Association Tournament on November 7 and 8 at Gettysburg. While the
    Bisonettes will play as a team, they will actually be com peting for
    individual selection of two Susquehanna teams.

Heading: Karate
Content: There is a possibility of having Karate instruction in the Davis Gym annex once
    a week. There is a qualified teacher from Sunbury willing to come up Monday
    nights at 7:00 p.m. The cost will be $10.00 per person for ten lessons of
    instruction. Classes will begin November 2, anyone interested should contact
    Wayne Ciccarelli at 524-1278 box W-096.

Heading: Players of the Week
Content: Don Giacomelli The Bison football staff has se lected four players of the week
    for outstanding performances in the Bi sons' 30-28 victory over Lafayette
    last Saturday. Recipients of the awards, given by the Lewisburg Touchdown
    Club at its weekly luncheon, were offen sive players Art Wilkins and Don
    Giacomelli, and defensive players John Hertzler and Gene Luccarelli.
    Wilkins, a junior is an award win ner for the second time this season. He
    was also honored after the Davidson game. The 5-10, 195-pound guard received
    an excellent film grade by the football coaches. He was one of the keys to
    the Bisons gaining 280 yards on the ground. Wilkins was considered by Head
    Coach Fred Prender as being in on five big plays. Giacomelli, senior co-
    captain, played a tremendous all-around game. The 6-2, 195-pound halfback
    carried the ball 23 times for 67 yards and scored on a four-yard run.
    Giacomelli caught three passes for 26 yards, including a 14-yard TD aerial
    from quarterback Howie Burke. He was also cited by Coach Pren der for
    putting in a strong blocking game. Hertzler, a junior, played his best game
    ever in a BU uniform. The 6-1, 210-pound defensive end made nine tackles and
    sacked the quarter back three times. Luccarelli, a senior, was in on six
    tackles and he intercepted two passes from his defensive safety position.
    The 5-9, 175-pounder ran one interception back for a touch down, but it weis
    nulified because of a clipping penalty. Luccarelli has 128 yards in inter
    ception returns this season break ing the Bison record of 108 set in 1952 by
    Stan utterworth. He has seven thefts this season, just two short of the all-
    time mark, and his 15 interceptions for a career ties Butterworth's career
    record. Coach Prender said, "It was a

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THF. BUCKNELLIAN
Content: OCTOBER 30, 1970 Art Wilkens very difficult job to select this week's players
    because so many of the kids played so well. These four were chosen after a
    long dis cussion of the staff. They were just great."

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA ,
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: FOR THE MAN W HO
Content: 

Heading: HAS EVERYTHING
Content: 

Heading: PSAMPUS
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY AND
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAY
Content: 

Heading: man is the king of beasts...
Content: 

Heading: __
Content: 

Heading: %
Content: 

Heading: mSm
Content: 

Heading: maxvonsydow livullmann
Content: 

Heading: bibi andersson erland josephson
Content: director of photography sven nykvist r"r\l a h # n << l, iv a ' produced by
    svensk film indusfri-cinem otoflrapn w L v l\ O j I/ c IU a B

Heading: United Artists
Content: or Aduli Guardia<< "*302^ " ' '

Heading: SHOW TIMES 7:00 --  9:00
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY, MONDAY, TUESDAY
Content: 

Heading: "CHAPLIN HAS PRESENTED US WITH
Content: 

Heading: A PRICELESS GIFT, ONE FOR MOVIE
Content: 

Heading: CRYPTOLOGISTS, FOR MOVIE PURISTS,
Content: 

Heading: FOR HISTORIANS, FOR MAIDEN AUNTS,
Content: 

Heading: FOR SULLEN CHILDREN, FOR BORED
Content: 

Heading: PARENTS-AND MOSTLY FOR PEOPLE
Content: 

Heading: WHO HAVEN'T LAUGHED RECENTLY.11
Content: 

Heading: --New York Time*
Content: 

Heading: r (r)
Content: 

Heading: - i l
Content: Written, Directed end Produced ky CHARLES CHAPLIN

Heading: SmgtrtM
Content: For GENERAL Ro-reltoscd thru

Heading: United Artists J
Content: 

Heading: SHOW TIMES 7:00 --  9:00
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 16
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1970
Content: Singer John Sebastian as he performed on the Davis Gym stage Saturday night in a
    concert wich also featured Buddy Miles. (photo by Doug Abdelnour)

Heading: Davis Gym Swings
Content: 

Heading: To Sebastian Style
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: 

Heading: iMmellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Staff Attracts Talent
Content: 

Heading: Music Admission Policy Changes
Content: By DEAN LANDEW One of the marks of a good musician is his "lasting power."
    Sebastian has it. I never realized how good his Lovin' Spoonful songs were
    (I mean, are) until he did them over at the concert. In fact, "Daydream,"
    "Lovin' You," and "Darlin' Be Home Soon" are ex amples of songs that sound
    even better now. Songs that we knew in a younger day, before we came to this
    University, before Kent and Jackson, before we started taking ourselves
    seriously. This is not to say that we should look at Sebastian's performance
    in terms of social revolution or poli tics. Not at all. What I mean to say
    is that the songs we used to groove to are now very soothing, very real, and
    even very personal. And Sebastian comes off all the better for it. Sebastian
    is charisma and humor all over, not a half-talent who must rely on corny
    stage gimmicks. He , knows exactly how to feel his

Heading: 'Chicago 7' Lawyer
Content: 

Heading: Here November 18
Content: Attorney William Kuntsler will appear at the University November 18 at 8 p.m.
    Kuntsler was the chief counsel for the Chicago Conspiracy and is currently
    representing the Kent State students indicted for alleged second-degree
    inciting to riot two weeks ago by an Ohio grand jury. He has recently been a
    contro versial figure in the legal world for his reputation of defending
    promi nent radical leaders. Kuntsler has said that a major reason for his
    trip to central Pen nsylvania is to call attention to the Flower City
    Conspiracy now under indictment in Rochester, New York for the alleged
    destruction of draft files, U.S. attorney files, and dis- *, ruption of
    F.B.I. records. The lecture will be sponsored by the Class of 1973 and is
    tentatively scheduled for Davis Gym. No ad- jnission fee will be charged,
    audience's pulse and work accord ingly. For instance, he slowed down "She's
    a Lady" (a fine song) just enough so that his voice and guitar flowed
    fluidly without becoming maudlin. Lovely! Sebastian's diversity is striking.
    He used an electric guitar through out most of his long but completely
    entrancing set with the best of (Continued on Page 3) By ROBIN BITTERL1CH By
    a vote of 9 to 1, the faculty Committee on Admissions has pas sed a four
    year experimental plan proposed by Professor Thomas Warner, Chairman of the
    Depart ment of Music. According to this plan, "the Of fice of Admissions
    shall accept an nually into the Bachelor of Music program between 6 and 8
    students, who under current admission cri teria would have little chance of
    admittance." The Bachelor of Music degree is different from the Bachelor of
    Arts degree with a major in music. Music majors take a normal liberal

Heading: Seniors Solicit Donations
Content: 

Heading: For $125,000 Class Gift
Content: By BILL WHITNEY All Seniors will soon be personal ly contacted by a member of
    their piass who will ask them to partici pate in the Class of 1971 Gift Pro
    gram. Each Senior will be asked to pledge an annual donation to the Gift
    Program, which will be col lected each year for the next ten years. As the
    money is collected, it will be invested in a mutual fund or some other
    steady growth program. Prior to the tenth reunion of the Senior Class at
    which the gift will be presented to the University, Gift Program Chairman
    Jeff Semgstack will give all participating mem bers the opportunity to vote
    on how the money for the gift is to be used. The Gift Program is expected to
    produce $125,000 at the 1981 ma turity. . As stated in the information book
    let, the "Senior Class Gift Program is an opportunity for the Class of 1971
    to help Bucknell to continue and broaden its development." "Each Senior has
    hopefully re ceived something of value from Bucknell over his years here.
    Therefore each individual should have his personal reason for con tributing
    to the program. The class gift is the best opportunity for the individual
    members of the Class of 1971 to work together to make a very large change in
    Bucknell," according to Sengstack. The Gift Program is entirely stu dent
    run. All collections, invest ment decisions, and other adminis trative
    operations will be carried out solely by members of the Senior class. The
    Senior class members will (Continued on Page 3) arts schedule with nine to
    eleven courses in music, whereas Bachelor of Music students must take twenty
    music courses and only twelve in other areas. Thus, the experimental program
    applies to those interested in a "more professional degree that requires a
    greater proficiency in the skills in music, particularly in performance." To
    be considered for this pro gram, the applicant must fulfill six
    requirements: (1) have a com bined SAT score of at least 1025, (2) rank in
    the upper 1/4 of his class, (3) undergo a personal interview and audition by
    the chairman of the Department of Music and at least one other member of the
    music faculty, (4) receive on the basis of the audition a rating of
    excellence or superior in both musical pro ficiency and musical promise, (5)
    be specifically recommended for this exxperiment by the chairman of the
    Department of Music. (6) receive final approval from the Di rector of
    Admissions." According to Prof. Warner, there is no attempt to lower the
    stand ards of acceptance: "We don't want a bunch of dumb musicians-" The
    limits set for SATs and class rank are within those limits set by the
    University. Instead, Prof. Warner wishes the Admissions Office to re-
    evaluate the importance of var-

Heading: Dateline: The Campus
Content: 

Heading: Peace Corps Songfest
Content: Mike Schmidt, Barb Reimensnyder and Carl Tucker performed last Fri day at the
    coffee house sponsored by the Peace Corps School Part"6(tm)1>> Program, a
    junior class project. Over $1500.00 was raised in raffle ticket sales and
    organizational donations. Winners of the raffel drawing were. Gary Gyekis
    (first prize of $50.00, with ticket No. 2002), Nancy Doebler (copymate
    machine, with ticket No. 4877) and Jim Pichert <two dinners at the Lewisburg
    Inn and a Newberry's $4.00 gift certificate, with ticket No, 752). Funds
    raised over and above the $1200.00 will be donated to the World University
    Service. (photo by Rick Varner) ious factors normally used for ad* mission
    and to consider the im portance of information gained by the music
    department in their two hour interview-audition with the student. In some
    cases, especially those in which the student has spent con siderable time
    and effort develop ing exceptional musical talent. Prof. Warner feels that
    SAT's and class rank do not properly reflect the students' ability and
    motiva tion. A disadvantage to this proposal noted by the Director of
    Admissions is the possibility of the plan pro viding a loophole for inferior
    stu dents who would later change their majors. However, Prof. Warner feels
    that through the information gained by the extensive question ing and
    observation during the au dition, he will be able to foresee and prevent
    this possibility. The program applies only to those who are exceptionally
    talent ed and dedicated to the musical field. Professor Candland, Chair man
    of the Committee on Admis sions, also pointed out that a stu- (Continued on
    Page 3)

Heading: I PC Recognizes
Content: 

Heading: Theta Delta Chi
Content: By JUNE CAFFREY The first steps in the University's recognition of Theta Delta
    Chi were completed when the IFC voted to recognize this fraternity as a
    social institution. Bob McCormick, president of the IFC, felt that it was
    "hypocritical not to recognize Theta Delta Chi because it has been a
    functioning social unit of the University for several years." He stated
    that, as a member, TDC would have many benefits such as greater buying power
    (food, bands, etc.); however, it would have to abide by the IFC regula tions
    as well. Theta Delta Chi was formed here in 1966 and adopted a national char
    ter in 1968. It is distinct in that it has no physical or mental hazing of
    pledges. When asked why th fraternity sought membership in the IFC (which
    would entail adherence to the organization's pledging proced- dure), Bob
    Kazin, its president, stated, "We hope to be an innova- (Continued on Page
    3) By CATHLEEN EVANS Indiana

Heading: State
Content: University (Terre Haute) -

Heading: T ^
Content: ^iversity P r u dent, Board of Trustees, administrators and students iace a
    lawsuit for not taking the appropriate actions to order and protect state
    property during campus disorders m April 1970. The suit was filed by the
    State Attorney General.

Heading: Temple
Content: University has started a new political group, the Move ment for a New Congress
    (MNC), which is thought to fit some where between the Young Democrats
    (YDs)and the Student Mobil ization Committee (SMC)." The Temple MNC is
    supporting Demo crats Milton Shapp and Ernest Kline, Harrison WilhanK for re
    election as Democratic U.S. Senator from New Jersey, and Arthur Berger as
    U.S. Representative from York County. 400 chapters of the MNC have been
    organized since it was farmed at Princeton last \w v en M ;

Heading: of
Content: Deleware - John E. Hocutt, on leave from his po sition as vice-president for
    student affairs, recommends that uni versities hire a "responsible
    professional journalist to work with student publications," feeling "The
    student newspaper is a problem at most institutions." He sees those
    institutions with departments of Vuimalism as those having fewest problems.

Heading: Passes Mnrphy's Motion
Content: 

Heading: Faculty Reviews Athletic Budget
Content: By LINDA DIETRICK At yesterday's faculty meeting, John V. Murphy, assistant
    profes sor of English, proposel that a de tailed study of the athletic
    program budget be made in view of the Uni versity's considerable financial
    def icit. In addition to focusing on the specific expenditures, the study
    would also attempt to seek justi fication for them. The total current budget
    for the athletic program here is $571,000. According to John F. Zeller, vice
    president for business and finance, this figure comprises all depart- m n n
    f a l i n d l i d i l l PS  f c iC U .lt V ance, and does not account for in
    come which offsets it somewhat. An alternate motion by Robert A. Latour,
    associate professor of phy sical education, called for a more comprehensive
    investigation ot the total expenditures of all depart ments. The motion was
    defeated. The faculty voted to turn the Murphy resolution over to the Fac
    ulty Advisory Committee for further consideration. ABS president, Dave Lacy
    point ed out that since the students will be affected by any changes that
    are made, they should be repre sented in whatever action is taken. In his
    opening remarks, Presi- jbnt rhaHos h Watts assured the meeting that the
    $350,000 to $375,000 deficit will be absorbed, and that no reduction in
    staff would be necessary. Some vacant faculty po sitions, however , must
    remain un filled for the present. Also, unlike other institutions, the
    University will not have to resort to salary cuts, but will still provide
    for modest increases in faculty salaries. Other business included the adop
    tion of two memorial resolutions, one for the late Henry N. Peters, former
    professor of physical educa tion, and one for the late Clyde E. Burgee,
    former professor emeritus of economics. Both died this past Ausust. I l i

Heading: I
Content: * i' #

Heading: MgE
Content: 

Heading: '&>>
Content: g *

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: ':
Content: 

Heading: I I
Content: : ' ' * # 1 M -r W i i - ." ' . P illili

Heading: Solidarity with the (JAW
Content: 

Heading: In the dawn of campus activism,
Content: 

Heading: the student-worker coalition was a com
Content: 

Heading: mon goal. Unfortunately, times have
Content: 

Heading: changed. Students have turned from
Content: 

Heading: silent, sluggish passivism to increasing
Content: 

Heading: violence. Labor, whose history is laced
Content: 

Heading: with righteous violence, is developing in
Content: 

Heading: to a self-sustaining bureaucracy. The
Content: 

Heading: middle ground, and the common ground
Content: 

Heading: between students and workers, has been
Content: 

Heading: lost in the shuffle.
Content: 

Heading: With this in mind, and with the
Content: 

Heading: hopes
Content: 

Heading: of
Content: 

Heading: reasserting
Content: 

Heading: this
Content: 

Heading: common
Content: 

Heading: ground while at the same time lessening,
Content: 

Heading: the student-worker tensions which have
Content: 

Heading: exacberated with the single purpose of
Content: 

Heading: political gain by the present administra
Content: 

Heading: tion, we offer a statement of solidarity
Content: 

Heading: with the striking United Auto Workers.
Content: 

Heading: This comes both as a sign of our under
Content: 

Heading: standing of the difficulties they face,
Content: 

Heading: and as a call for student help.
Content: 

Heading: A simple call to unity, however, will
Content: 

Heading: not produce unification ; what will is the
Content: 

Heading: realization by both students and work
Content: 

Heading: ers that they have, and will continue to
Content: 

Heading: have, many common areas of discontent.
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell students especially, with their
Content: 

Heading: experience with a faculty which seems
Content: 

Heading: to neglect the idea of an academic COM
Content: 

Heading: MUNITY and which instead strives for
Content: 

Heading: the propogation and prolongation of
Content: 

Heading: their own power, should be able to sym
Content: 

Heading: pathize with the striking auto workers
Content: 

Heading: in their struggle to make management
Content: 

Heading: more responsive to the needs of the
Content: 

Heading: national community through their de
Content: 

Heading: mands for an end to killing, pollution,
Content: 

Heading: and the inflationary and killink Vietnam
Content: 

Heading: War.
Content: 

Heading: Also, the Union's demand that the
Content: 

Heading: worker be able to retire at full pension
Content: 

Heading: after performing his dehumanizing tasks
Content: 

Heading: daily for thirty years, regardless of age,
Content: 

Heading: serves youth, especially disadvantaged
Content: 

Heading: youth, in that the economy would need
Content: 

Heading: more personnel to fill the emptying
Content: 

Heading: spaces in the labor market. The bulk of
Content: 

Heading: today's soaring unemployment is made
Content: 

Heading: up of inner city, lower class youth.
Content: 

Heading: Finally, it is obvious that the price
Content: 

Heading: of books goes up just as fast as, if not
Content: 

Heading: faster than, the price of bread; and it is
Content: 

Heading: the same administration which is letting
Content: 

Heading: inflation run so rampant, through its al
Content: 

Heading: most casual attitude toward our eco
Content: 

Heading: nomic troubes, that is making increas
Content: 

Heading: ing American commitments!, both in
Content: 

Heading: workers' money and students' lives, in
Content: 

Heading: dubious causes throughout the world.
Content: 

Heading: G.M: The Biggest of Them All
Content: 

Heading: The public is becoming increasingly
Content: 

Heading: aware of the manner in which GM oper
Content: 

Heading: ates: it harasses and intimidates con
Content: 

Heading: cerned citizens whose investigations into
Content: 

Heading: its shams are valid but embarrasing, it
Content: 

Heading: promises Walter Reuther in 1967 to re
Content: 

Heading: imburse the workers for any possible
Content: 

Heading: error in the original cost-of-living in
Content: 

Heading: crease ceiling and hastily (and purpose
Content: 

Heading: fully) overlooks their earlier commit
Content: 

Heading: ment when it is time to sit down at the
Content: 

Heading: bargaining table, it makes millions of
Content: 

Heading: dollars PROFIT every day of its exist
Content: 

Heading: ence, and yet cannot find the time or the
Content: 

Heading: money to invest in immediate solutions
Content: 

Heading: to the incredible pollution their cars are
Content: 

Heading: responsible for. Maybe by 1978, they
Content: 

Heading: say, they could do it. Maybe by 1978
Content: 

Heading: we'll choke to death.
Content: 

Heading: This is what the UAW is up against.
Content: 

Heading: And this is what students are up against.
Content: 

Heading: Doug Brown
Content: 

Heading: Charles Mussman
Content: 

Heading: Don Thompson
Content: 

Heading: Stephen Wyatt
Content: 

Heading: Robert Wendel
Content: 

Heading: Footnotes
Content: Py PAUL J. J. PAYACK Alfred North Whitehead claim ed that philosophers of every
    age are governed, to som e extent, by faculty held assumptions which are
    never expounded upon. It has further been asserted that these pre
    suppositions can be brought to focus by understanding certain words. W. K.
    C. Guthrie has stated that, " Language and thoughts are in- extriciably
    interwoven... . . words have a history and associations, which for those who
    use them contribute an important part of the meaning, not least because
    their effect is unconsciously felt." With this in mind I would like to
    explain a few etym ologies that I have stumbled upon (which may point to
    these interrelations). There is a curious dichotomy between the words "
    education"  and " knowledge."  The form er, according to the Latin e ducere,
    refers to a process, a drawing out, or a leading out of. However, with the
    latter, one cannot find an active process even if it is traced back to the
    Sanskitr. Knowledge is sim ply known. No effort need be applied One gets the
    impression that you don't have to think to know. Now let's take the word "
    mass."  We find that it is derived form the Latin meaning that which adheres
    (like dough). It can also be traced to the Greek maza (m atzoh?) this time
    meaning barley-cake. With this in mind we should examine the word in its
    current usage. It has com e to signify the common people, or as Ortega uses
    it " the m ajority."  Vulgar has travelled in the opposite evolutionary
    direc tion. It is derived from  vulgus, Latin for the common people. Others
    have abrogated their original meanings and assumed the identity of their
    opposites. One example of this phenomenons is " dogm a."  In classical days
    it defined something which was thought to be true, an opinion. Now it has
    com e to mean an arrogantly as serted truth. Another example is " rigm
    arole."  In days of yore its Iroot referred to a document of law. Today it
    is a synonym for a nonsensical, confused statement. There is much to
    extriciate there. There are, of course, etym ologies which lead to no
    profound in sights but only to clearer understanding. For example, the
    heavenly spheres making one turn, uus versum, defined the universe of the
    ancients. " W orry"  is derived from  the Anglo-Saxon, to strangle. The word
    " Bible"  (biblos) is Greek for papyrus bark. And calling our galaxy the
    Milky Way is redundant, since " galaxy"  is a de rivation of an archaic term
    for milk. The ground for these assertions is the Indo-European language.
    Reconstructed in the 19th century, it was originally spoken by an as yet
    unidentified people (of Eastern Europe?) some 5,000 years ago. English, m
    ost of the European and a number of Indian lang uages are descended from
    it, hence the name. Similarities in gram m ar as well as vocabulary can be
    culled from  among its branches. A word commonly used to demonstrate this
    point is " brother."  In Old English it is spelled brother; in Middle
    German, broder; in Old Celtic, brater; in Latin, frater; in Greek, phrater;
    and in Sanskrit, bhratr. Once your curiosity about etymologies has been
    whetted a good dictionary is indispensible. Webster's New Twenith Century,
    and those in its class, excell in such matters as does the Oxford Diction
    ary of Etym ological English, obviously. However, due to their ex orbitant
    costs, $39.50 and $16.50 respectively, they are out of the question for m
    ost students. In the next category com es the standard college fare. Funk
    and Wagnall's, Webster's New World, and the Merriam-Webster product are all
    equally useful. The American " You don't buy your old man's ideas, so why
    buy his dictionary."  Heritage is som ething of a disap pointment (although
    it specializes in Indo-European roots). In the pocket variety the New
    Merriam-Webster has a groovy, tumed-on 1970 supplement. It, along with the
    New Am erican W ebster (he must have had a large fam ily) Handy College
    Dictionary are both rather poor. Webster's New World and le petit Am erican
    Heri tage are your best buys here.

Heading: : POLITICS 70
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Election Predictions
Content: By MIKE GUIER.

Heading: Letters
Content: 

Heading: to the
Content: 

Heading: Editor
Content: Editor's note; the following letter was received by a student who felt that the
    subject was of interest to many mem bers of the university community.

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNBLLIAN
Content: NOVEMBER 3, 1970 Dear Pat, You may be wondering who could possibly be writing
    you from  a dis tant place like Vietnam. I'm  only a stranger to you but I
    hope I will get this m essage across to many. I just happened to be in the
    ad ministration office of my squadron when a Staff Seargant, of all people,
    told me he knew you and that you had taken part in a college demon stration
    in protest of the war. I thought you would be in the right position to hear
    my plea. Yes, un fortunately I am in the m ilitary service and worse than
    that I'm  in the Marine Corp. I thought that this would be a great
    opportunity to inform some one on the outside who may feel sympathetic to
    our beliefs. I am also hoping that you might spread the nature of our
    problem  to the rest of the concerned people. My friends of the
    Revolutionary movement and I are under a GES TAPO-TYPE rule of the PIGS of
    MAG-11. The war itself is enough to pressure us but now we are fight ing two
    wars, unfortunately one of them is against our so called leaders. I am one
    of the many who have been busted here for suspicion of using merijuana and
    other drugs. We are now suffering the conse quences of these actions. Many
    of m y close friends are at this very moment being processed for Un-
    desireable Discharge and court martials. Sure they have the power and right
    to punish us for what they believe we've done but the true fact is that 80%
    or m ore are being handled for suspicion only and there are no facts to
    prove other wise. There is nothing in our power we can do to curb or even
    stop these communist tactics which the Marine Corp is using against us. To
    add to the already jungle- slum type of living conditions only the Marine
    Corp provides, they are making living worse by exempting us from  the use of
    hot water and other neccessities needed to main tain health in this diseased
    place. Just think about this: Here we are (Continued on Page 3) Editor's
    note: Last week Mr. Guier predicted the glamour races ill the senate. Today
    he gives his prognostications for the remaining senate races and the
    gubenatorial contests. Other Senate Races: Alaska-Theodore F. Stevens (R )
    over Wendell Kay Arizona * Paul Fannin (R ) over Sam Grossman Delaware -
    William V. Roth (R ) over Jacob W. Zimmerman Hawaii - Hiram Fong (R ) over
    token opposition. Maine - Muskie (D) over little opposition Massachusettes -
    Kennedy (D ) over Josiah Spaulding Michigan - Philip Hart (D ) over Mrs.
    Lenore Romney Mississippi * John Stennis (D ) no contest Missouri - Stuart
    Symington (D) over John Danforth Montana - Mike Mansfield (D ) over token
    opposition Nebraska - Roman Hruska (R ) over Frank Morrison Nevada - Howard
    Cannon (D ) over William Raggio New Jersey - Harrison Williams (D ) over
    Nelson Gross Pennsylvania - Hugh Scott (R ) over William Sesler Rhode Island
    - John Pastore (D ) over John J. McLaughlin Texas - Lloyd Bentsen (D ) over
    George Bush Utah - Frank Moss (D ) over Laurence Burton Virginia - Harry
    Byrd, Jr. (Ind.) over George Rawlings (D ) and Ray Garland (R ) Washington *
    Henry Jackson (D) over token opposition West Virginia - Robert Byrd (D )
    over token opposition Wisconsin - Proxm ire (D ) over little opposition
    Wyoming * Gale McGee (D ) over little opposition For Governor: Alabama -
    George W allace (D) Alaska - William A. Egan (D) over Keith Miller Arizona -
    Jack Williams (R ) over Raul Castro Arkansas - Pick newcomer Dale Bumpers to
    beat incumbent Winthrop Rockefeller (R ) California - Reagan (R ) by at
    least a million votes Colorado - John Love (R ) over Mark Hogan - Watch
    Hogan for future Conneticut * Rep. Meskill (R ) over Em ilio Daddario
    Florida - Pick newcomer Reubin Askew (D ) over incumbent Claude Kirk Georgia
    - Jimmy Carter (D ) over Hal Suit - Maddox will be Lt. Gov. H aw aii-John
    Burns (D ) by sm all margin Idaho -Don Samuelson (R ) by sm all margin Iowa
    - Robert Ray (R ) over Robert Fulton Kansas - Kent Frizzell (R ) over
    incumbent Robert Docking Maine - Kenneth Curtis (D ) over James S. Erwin
    Maryland - Marvin Mandel (D) over Stanley Blair Massachusetts - Francis
    Sargent (R ) over Kevin White Michigan - Pick Sander M. Levin (D ) over
    William G. Milliken Minnesota - Wendell R. Anderson (D) over Douglas Head
    Nebraska - Norbert Tiemann (R ) over John J. Exon Nevada - Pick D. N
    .'"O'Callaghan (D) over Edward Fike New Hampshire - Walter R. Peterson (R )
    over Roger J. Crowley New M exico - Bruce King (D) over Peter Domenici New
    York - Nelson Rockefeller (R ) over Arthur Goldberg - Goldberg ran an
    uninspired campaign and will lose badly O hio-John J. Gilligan (D ) over
    Roger Cloud Oklahoma - Dewey Bartlett (R ) over David Hall Oregon - Tom
    McCall (R ) over Robert W. Straub Pennsylvania - Pick Ray Broderick (R ) to
    defeat Milton Shapp - Neither inspires confidence. Broderick is a
    continuation of the same. Shapp is not much better. Rhode Island - Frank
    Licht (D ) over Herbert DeSimone South Carolina - John C. West (D ) over
    Albert W. Watson - This won't help Strom or the Southern strategy any. South
    Dakota - Pick Richard S. Kneip (D ) over Frank Farrar Tennessee - Pick John
    J. Hoover (D) over Winfield Dunn Texas - Preston Smith (D ) over Paul Eggers
    Vermont - Pick Leo O'Brien over Deane Davis (R ) Wisconsin - Pick Jack Olson
    (R ) over Patrick J. Lucey Wyoming - Stan Hathaway (R ) over John J. Rooney

Heading: Editorial Board
Content: Editorial Board Meetings are held at 6:30 p.m ., Fridays, in New Dorm Pit.
    Meetings are open to everyone. Topics for the w eek: " hair policy"  in
    athletics; the Bucknell image trends in government involvement on campuses
    admissions office the bookstore discriminations against women by the
    University

Heading: TEllt
Content: 

Heading: P u t k n e U i a t t
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1887. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member
    subscription, $700, of Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription,
    $7.00, payable vance. Entered as second class matter on September $1, 192$,
    at office at Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1878.

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK --  Business Manager
Content: in the ad- poet

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: JAN WILLIAMS
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: # ________________ _____ 1 Wednesday, November 4 l am in i iiiin iiiiiii i i i i
    iiiiTiir'TiiiiiiifiimiiimiiiimiwmniiTTiii--- -- -
    ----*^*M"**MMMM,''l'llllll''' l'l',,lt|,'n,nlll1,'raaaasMlj,il 1
    ll<W1'1111111111111111111^ ^ 12:oo Noon Psychology Seminar: Dr. David M.
    Adkins: " Exti

Heading: Freshman Officers
Content: Candidates for Freshman Class O fficers: President: John deBenedictus Monroe
    Diefendorf, Jr. William Dorsey Ed Feibel Dick Runtagh Tom Wells V ice
    President: Ed Hater Charles MacArthur Robert Owen Secretary-Treasurer :
    Donna Kreger Carol Wolf Elections will be held Monday November 9.

Heading: AW S Bus Trip
Content: Any women going on the AWS Bus trip to New York city. Should m eet in front of
    the Music and Arts building at 6:00 p.m.' Thursday.

Heading: Air Force
Content: Technical Sergeant Ronald

Heading: S.
Content: Boyer announced that the Air Force O fficer Selection Team w ill visit the
    University, November 4. They w ill be located in the Carnegie BnOding from
    10:00 a.m . until 3:30 p.m . The selection team  will be readily available
    to answer any questions in regards to the Current Air Force O fficer program
    s of which are open to men and women.

Heading: Mini-Plan
Content: 12:00 Noon . .Tomorrow at 4:45 p.m. in room 7:30 p.m. 102A there Trill be a
    meeting of 8:00 p.m. anyone interested in the Jan Plan: Community
    Development Mini- 8:00 p.m. Plan. 9:30 p.m.

Heading: D U Film Festival
Content: The annual Delta Upsilon Film Festival will be held Wednesday and Thursday at 8
    p.m . in Vaughan Literature auditorium. Wednesday nights presentation will
    be " Don't Look Back,"  Bob Dylan's rock tour of Europe. Thursday night's
    show ing will be " Monterey Pop,"  a rock festival featuring Am erica's top
    rock groups. Admission w ill be $ 1 . 0 0 . Wednesday, November 4 Psychology
    Seminar: Dr. David M. Adkins: " Extraneous Stimuli and Aversive Behavior,"
    Part n  Coleman Hall 2B A.B.S. Meeting Coleman Hall 102A D. U. Film
    Festival: " Don't Look Back"  Vaughan Lit. Aud. Dept, of Physics Film : "
    Symmetry In Physical Law" Visual Aids Aud. International Affairs Club Inform
    al Discussion With Stu dente From India International House Thursday,
    November 5 4:45 p.m . Catholic Mass 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 9:00 p.m. Rooke
    Chapel College of Engineering Lecture: Mr. Dan E. Hendricks: " Energy
    Resources" Olin Science Aud.. D. U. Film Festival: " Monterey Pop" Vaughan
    Lit. Aud. " ICHTHUS"  (Experimental Religious Community) Rooke Chapel
    Friday, November 6 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services 8:00 p.m. Hilltop: " Nazarin'

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photo&aphy Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: THE BUCKNKLLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any Issue and take a stand we deem in the best Interest of the
    University, to treat every issue with the responsibility that is accorded ua
    in a free society to be constructively critical when necessary as well as
    laudatory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and in
    tegrity. Editorials appearing on page reflect the majority opinion of the
    editorial board and that of the editors. Signed columns present the views
    only of the authors. All letters should be addressed to the Editor, and must
    be received no later *>>-- Saturday noon for publication in the Tuesday
    edition and Wednes day noon for publication in the Friday edition. ___ AU
    letters must be signed and typed double-spaced: however, names may be
    withheld upon request. The Editor reserves the right to choose all letters
    for publication, and to edit any tetter choaen for reasons of space
    restrictions, grammatical change and offensive language. Officet Fochl
    Printing Co.. SIS Market Street, Bred Tofts. <<14-1281

Heading: Theta Delta Chi
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) tive force dn the IFC by working through the system ."
    Kazin also cited that recognition would benefit TDC because he feels that "
    there is a certain stigm a at tached to a fraternity with no form al
    recognition. " This discourages incomnig freshmen." TDC has been awaiting
    Univers ity recognition since April 1970 when they submitted their applica
    tion. The IFC vote was only the first step. The proposal must now go before
    a faculty com m ittee and, if approved, be sent to President Watts for the
    final decision. TDC had hoped to have full recognition by September of this
    year (the beginning of rush). Al though somewhat disappointed with the slow
    process and " red tape" involved, the fraternity looks for ward to a pledge
    class of about 15 - 20 freshmen. (Continued from  Page 2) in a war zone and
    when two hand grenades explode in the vicinity of the Seargeant M ajor
    quarters and instantly after a few minutes of in vestigation by CID they
    conclude that we so termed " dopers"  are re sponsible. hat sounds
    ridiculous I know but it's true, it does happen in the Marine Corp. At this
    very moment the mem bers of the Naval Intelligence crew are beating their
    ill minds out trying to find som e way in which the attempted murder charge
    can be hurled at us. And I truly believe, based on what has already taken
    place, that we will be framed for this so that they can prove their point
    that drug users lead to violence and that we are a menace to our country's
    defense. All us peacenicks want is to be left alone but we would never go to
    the poin of commiting murder to a- chieve this.

Heading: Sebastian Concert
Content: able to accept his music for what it was worth at least, but Sebastian was the
    clim ax and M iles, the fall ing action. I felt like I was at a high school
    dance, in term s of juvenility. It boils down to this: Sebastian's " Cheapo-
    Cheapo Rythm Section" was really pumping naturally, and M iles' had to be
    cranked up and needed an overhaul. One last thought. I'm  always sus picious
    of " Special Guest Stars." They are perform ers who have just enough of a
    following to be popular. Greedy promoters know that such perform ers aren't
    top-billing m a terial, but can't be left in the B slot either. So they com
    e up with the grand cop-out of " Special Guest Star."  As it was, Miles was
    " de layed," and ended up playing second anyway. I wonder . . .  no, it
    couldn't have been planned . . . . (Continued from  Page 1) subtlety. It is
    obvious that he has learned his rock 'n roll lessons pretty well, too, as he
    ad-libbed a few songs from  the naive Fifties that are our heritage now. It
    was from  deep and not just a silly little goof to fill up time. Why say how
    much I liked such- and-such a song, or how smooth his voice and guitar
    playing were? F or those who may have felt he was saccharine, leave your
    value judgements home. If you were there, you'll understand it if I say that
    John Sebastian is a real hu man being and that you could never deny his
    sincerity. That was the concert for m e. Buddy Miles was a letdown ail the
    way. In contrast, he was forced, totally emotional, nonlyrical, brash and
    needlessly theatrical. Had M iles played first, I m ay have been

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe, Legal (N .Y .) and Inexpen sive. Please
    call Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. A ll in quiries confidential
    MACH I '69 Stereo Tape, Spoilers, 4 Speed Hurst. $2375. 523-3622 After 6:00
    P.M.

Heading: LEWISBURG INN
Content: Luncheon--12:00 to 2:00 Dinner 5:30 to 8:00 p.m . Sunday Dinner 12:00 to 2:30
    only _E a rly American A tm osphere- 101 Market Street, Lewisburg, Pa.

Heading: CLOSED MONDAY
Content: 

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    Area Code 717 A sm all fee is charged Right now there is another news- brief
    on our great m ilitary news agency AFVN, radio DaNang, Even hearing the
    statistics and body counts is sickening but they have now declared a second
    war directed at drug users. How can this nation possibly go on when they
    fight an unknown enemy in the bush and at the same time fight the people in

Heading: Music Degree
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) dent accepted under this plan may face the possibility
    of academ ic failure. But, since the Bachelor of Music student is required
    to take only 12 courses outside of the field of m usic, this possibility is
    reduced. In the minutes of the meeting of the Committee on Admissions, it
    was noted that " the Provost in dicated that contribution and per form ance
    capability seem to be realistic standards for considera tion." Both Prof.
    Warner and Prof. Candland stressed that there is nothing unusually unique
    about this proposal. Special attention is often paid to students with
    exceptional ability in such areas as athletics, art and science, as well as
    music. In addition, no one will be accepted whose qualifications are lower
    than the cu to ff established by the Uni versity. The desired result of this
    ex periment is to strengthen the music department in both the quantity and
    quality of its students. And finally, as noted by Prof. Candland, this plan
    will further strengthen the at tem pts of the University to en courage a
    heterogenous student body.

Heading: taiaaraziagiarziaiiiaiaiaigjgigi
Content: 

Heading: COLE'S
Content: 

Heading: HARDW ARE
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. 17837
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1284
Content: la fa H ia ra zia a izia ia ja ia ia ra izia their own unite who do not believe
    in killing this unknown enemy who they have never met. And when they do kill
    the enemy they are charged with murder of civilians.

Heading: HOW MUCH LONGER CAN WE
Content: LIVE LIKE THIS! . . . ? If there is never any reaction to this letter then I
    hope that at least there is a widening of the eyes of those who have not
    deceived the signs of the time. I would be m ore than moved if you could
    have the FREE PRESS informed about these incidents so that many of the unin
    form ed here the real truth. I swear to GOD its really a beautiful feel ing
    knowing that there are people who are willing to listen to reality. LOVE &
    PEACE Dieter

Heading: WVBU - fm 90.5
Content: 

Heading: GOES
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAYS
Content: 

Heading: AND SATURDAYS GO
Content: 

Heading: Classical
Content: Meditation Chapel Vaughan Lit. Aud.

Heading: Senior Gift
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) tell the University exactly what is to be done with the
    g ift At the ten year reunion they w ill decide with better insight what
    special use of the gift would make the best and m ost needed changes. " It
    is hoped that each Senior will participate to the fullest extent possible in
    the Gift Program ,"  said Publicity Chairman Dave Parker. Similar projects
    have been de veloped at Lafayette College, L e high, Brown, Princeton and Y
    ale Universities with good results.

Heading: STRAND
Content: 

Heading: SUNBURY, PA.
Content: 

Heading: ENDS TUES NOVEMBER 3
Content: 

Heading: "Sunflower "
Content: 

Heading: STARTS WEDNESDAY
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: STORY ABOUT TODAY'S
Content: COLLEGE CAMPUSES!

Heading: STANLEY KREAMER'S
Content: 

Heading: "R.
Content: 

Heading: P.
Content: 

Heading: M."
Content: W EEKDAYS AT 7:00 & 9:00 SA T FROM  1:. SUN FROM  2.

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: Menu-------
Content: Small (12" ) Lge. (16" )

Heading: PLAIN
Content: 

Heading: $1.60
Content: 

Heading: $2.45
Content: 

Heading: WITH EXTRA CHEESE
Content: 

Heading: $1.80
Content: 

Heading: $2.80
Content: 

Heading: MEATBALL
Content: 

Heading: $1.80
Content: 

Heading: $2.80
Content: 

Heading: PEPPERONI
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: SAUSAGE
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: MUSHROOMS
Content: 

Heading: $1.90
Content: 

Heading: $2.90
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY'S AT 523-9251 TO PLACE ORDER.
Content: 

Heading: ALL ORDERS C. O. D.
Content: 

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for Christmas, Easter or summer?
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities, economic flights, discounts.
Content: 

Heading: Write for information (air mail).
Content: 

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street, Newport, LW ., England
Content: 

Heading: IIIIIM IIIM IM IIM II
Content: 

Heading: "Feed upon good hope
Content: 

Heading: and be comforted"
Content: 

Heading: --Dante
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 11:00 A J4. SUNDAY

Heading: Vaughan lit library
Content: 

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: Watch Repairing & Engraving
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: I Grand Opening
Content: 

Heading: -- OF--
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: [
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. g
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: of living
Content: 

Heading: ............
Content: 

Heading: You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: g
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: ask for your free copy of RAGS magazine............
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: J^eilie
Content: 

Heading: Cre
Content: 

Heading: FEATURING
Content: 

Heading: WOMEN'S WIGS &
Content: 

Heading: HAIR
Content: 

Heading: PIECES
Content: 

Heading: 44 NORTH FIFTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: --OPEN--
Content: 10:00 - 5:30 TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, SATURDAY 10:00 A. M. -- 9:00 P.M.
    FRIDAY

Heading: H
Content: NOVEMBER 3, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: * 4 # iWsiJseMSwnwwiS!**,

Heading: Knights Thwart Big Blue;
Content: 

Heading: pl"ck the He^si
Content: 

Heading: Coach Looks for Rebound Bison Pitchmen
Content: 

Heading: Battle to
Content: By DAN MILLER The sleeping giant rallied Satur day and the Scarlet Knights of
    Rutgers rumbled over the Herd 21-7. After losing 5 games in a row the
    Kinghts came up with three touch downs to win their second game of the
    season. The lone Bison score occurred in the second quarter. The Slights
    were caught roughing kicker Bill Lane after a punt. The Herd took advantage
    of the break and marched from Rutger's 46 into the end zone. The scoring
    play featured Rich Diez smashing in from the 2:yard line. The Herd had a 7-0
    lead at this point but it was short-lived because on the very next series of
    downs Rutgers fumbled their way into the endzone. After marching to the BU
    25 Scarlet quarterback Mike Yancheff tossed a pass to Larry Christoff at the
    BU 10. Christoff was hit hard enough to fumble the ball intotthe endzone
    where Rutgers' Bob Schut- te fell on it for the TO. The play worked so well
    perhaps every team should include .it in their play book. Coach Fred Prender
    said that " this last minute score seemed .to give Rutgers a lift" that
    .they brought out onto the field for .the second half. The second half was a
    disaster as far as the Bisons were con cerned. Not only did the Knights find
    the endzone for two scores, but also the Bison defense sustained injuries to
    George Clayton and Gene Depew that seemed to pull the pins out from under
    the Herd. Twice the Scarlet Knights re turned Bill Lane punts to BU ter
    ritory and both times Rutgers man aged to score with a minimum ef fort. The
    BU offense, on the other hand managed just three first downs in the second
    half compar ed to nine in the first. The total offense for the second half
    amounted to 57 yards. Another interesting f a c t ' that aided the Knights'
    win was their return yard age. Both second quarter scores came after Rutgers
    had established good field position on runbacks o f BU punts.

Heading: Face Delaware in Crucial
Content: |A|1 P lii '"B IS

Heading: mm
Content: 

Heading: #I
Content: 3,7

Heading: T
Content: V - * " % ' 9 '

Heading: M
Content: >>

Heading: il.; #ieiisSAA
Content: ! ###i l l  S  I

Heading: O -
Content: Gene Lucarelli intercepts his four teenth career pass to break the Bison record.
    Gene has already broken the career return record. (photo by Tom Hagerty)
    Coach Prender said " that it is easy to attribute a loss to an in jury"  or
    " a certain attitude on the part of the players, but we played a better team
    Saturday and they beat us." He also feels that his " kids weren't ever out
    of the game . . . a touchdown and an onsides kick . . . could have made a
    big differ ence late in the game." Prender was pleased to be able to say his
    team didn't quit. This Saturday the Herd faces a decimated Colgate squad on
    Me morial Stadium turf in an effort to even up their 3-4 record. With three
    games remaining Prender insists that his team will " bounce back." By JEFF
    QUINZER That big game Saturday against Delaware looms even larger on the
    horizon after the Bisons played to a 0-0 tie against the Leopards at
    Lafayette. Once again, the Bisons were out standing as they recorded their
    3rd straight shutout However, the of fense continued to stutter, as 2 goals
    in the last 3 games would in dicate. Several questions remain un answered
    before Delaware and the Lafayette game did little to pro vide solutions. For
    instance, how did this tie effect the Bisons' chance for a HAC crown? Will
    the offense snap out of its slump? How is the team prepared mentally and
    physically for Dela ware? In answer to the first question, Coach Craig
    Reynolds replied, " This cmly means that we must beat Delaware rather than
    tie them in order to take the title. In a way, its better to clinch a  title
    with a win than with a tie anyway. The boys know they must beat Dela ware."
    " That is not our last game how ever. We must still play Lehigh and they are
    still in the running. If we beat Delaware and stall lose to Lehigh, there
    could be a 3-way tie. However, this Saturday is our first big challenge; if
    we don't win this, its all over." Concerning the scoring drought, the coach
    feels that " the offense

Heading: Herd Cudgels Scranton,
Content: 

Heading: Wilkes in Record Time
Content: may be losing confidence. They're not taking the right shot and are pressing. "
    What we needed was a big game where we really exploded . . This team is
    capable of that type of performance but we haven't got ten the last few
    games. " The opportunities have been there; its just impossible to explain.
    When we've hit the .ball well, its been right at the goalie. " The boys may
    be concentrating just a little too much in trying to do well. As a result,
    they're rush ing their shots and are overeager in the penalty area. "
    Sometimes we shoot to quickly when we have the time to man euver for a
    better shot. When we have a good shot, we dribble and pass too much and wind
    up losing it." Fortunately, the Bisons have a whole week before the Delaware
    game. This will give the team time to work on special points in their attack
    and the added rest is needed for several of the injured players. Commented
    Coach Reynolds, '-We're definitely hurting physical ly compared to the
    beginning of the year; we have 5 starters out. Against Lafayette, our
    captain Glenn Mars, Tom Cronin, and Jim Ludwig were all injured. They will
    probably be ready for Saturday but whether they'll be at peak ef ficiency is
    another story. " We won't be 100%, that's for sure. But that should be no
    excuse, I'm sure other teams are having the same problems. I must say that
    the subs have been playing very well. This is a young ball team that needs
    more work, even it is past the midpoint of the season. '-We have to work on
    some spe- cific things this week." There are several strong points which the
    Bisons carry into this weekend's game. One it their fine defense, which has
    a string of 3 straight shutouts and owns a total of 4 this year. Despite
    being whitewashed on Saturday, they still outshot the Leopards. Coach
    Reynolds is " certainly not unhappy with the way the defense has played.
    What we need is more midfield passing and more total of fense. We had better
    opportunities than Lafayette to win the game this week. They played their de
    fense close up and forced us to pass long. " Steve Gentino almost made the
    shot that could have won the game. From 20-30 yards out, he kicked one of
    the hardest shots I've seen all year. The ball just hit the cross bar and
    bounded away." In the B team game, the Bisons battled the Leopards to a 1-1
    tie as Jim Hindle scored the lone Blue goal.

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: W A R D R O B E
Content: 

Heading: 234 Market Street.
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: By DAVE COULTER The Bison harriers romped over the squads of the University of
    Scranton and Wilkes College upp ing their record to 8-1 Saturday afternoon.
    BU whipped Scranton 23-38, a strong showing against an experi enced team,
    and made a complete sweep over Wilkes 15-50. Bob Lucas broke the record on

Heading: Sunk Again
Content: 

Heading: Cornell Subdues Polomen
Content: By MARK KNODERER Cornell withstood a fourth quarter surge by the Bison A team to
    win the 1970 Bucknell Invitational Water Polo Tournament. The championship
    game climax ed a weekend of spirited, clashes in which the teams primed for
    the Eastern championships at West Point next weekend. In the first half of
    the champion ship game, the Bisons and the Big Red matched each other goal
    for goal. The half time score was 3-3. The near capacity crowd cap tured the
    enthusiasm of the teams, and shook the rafters after every goal. In the
    third period Cornell util ized excellent ball handling by Rick Marek and
    Bill Balchunas to move into a 7-5 lead. Early in the fourth quarter they
    increased their lead to 8-5. But B.U. ace Paul Landes scored xwo goals
    within seconds midway through the period, pulling the Bi sons within one. In
    the last few !minutes of the game the teams bat tled furiously for
    possession of the hall. The final gun sounded with the Bisons doggedly
    heading for the Cornell goal. Overall the Big Red seemed to have more
    technique and better execution, but what the Herd lacked jn finesse they
    made up for in grit. Whenever maneuvered out of po sition the B.U. player
    would come up with a little bit of extra effort and catch the Cornell man
    from behind. As a result the Big Red did not

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: NOV. 3, 1970 score a single fast break goal. Earlier both the Bisons and Cor
    nell had survived major threats from a St. Francis club which came to play.
    Cardinal coach Chuck Scheme used a zone defense which literally surrounded
    the goalie with defensive players. Neither Cornell nor the Herd could
    penetrate this blanket de fease, and had to be content with shooting from
    the outside most of the time. The Bisons managed to stay even or ahead for
    the entire game, and deed out an 8-7 win. The clinching goal was scored on a
    very difficult long range " skip"  shot by Dyke Edwards with 1:30 left in
    the game, and left the befuddled goalie wondering where the ball had come
    from. Cornell, meanwhile, had to over come a 6-4 deficit to defeat the
    Cardinals 7-6. In earlier games, Penn State and R.P.I. were both defeated
    twice on Saturday and eliminated. In the other semifinal game on Sunday, the
    Bucknell A team defeated the B team 17-6 to move into the finals. the 4.9
    mile course with a 25:10.7. Coach Gulden sees great things for Bob if he
    contones his hard efforts, and strives to meet the tough com petition he
    will face in the meets ahead. The Coach expressed great pride in the entire
    squad, since it takes a team effort to win. He believes that the desire of
    the whole team to work together in practice and push each other con-
    tinously has been the key to their success. The results show this team
    spirit. BU had places 1, 4, 5, fi, 7. 8, and9 an excellent illustration of
    the depth of the young Bison squad. Be hind Lucas were S. Bartram ,K.
    Hydock, T. Haggerty, R . Francel, T. Gardner, and J. Lamer. The pack of six
    Bison runners were all within fifty seconds and pushed back the opposition
    bring ing about the lopsided scores.

Heading: Sink or Swim
Content: The Bison mermen are looking for freshmen to manage and managers for frosh
    swimmers. If you are interested contact Coach Russell or Phil Cnriett.

Heading: Think About It
Content: 

Heading: PACIFICA
Content: 

Heading: Sunday
Content: 

Heading: 2:30-- 5:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: W V B U - F M
Content: 

Heading: 90.5
Content: 

Heading: The Intelligent Alternative
Content: #illlimUHIItlHtilllHlIllHIlUaillllHlIIMNIIIIHIHItBHUn

Heading: H  U N G R Y !!!!!
Content: 

Heading: CALL CAMPUS DELIVER SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: 5
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: -

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: 5
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: NOW DELIVERING
Content: 

Heading: PIZZAS. HOAGIES. SANDWICHES & SOFT DRINKS
Content: 

Heading: Sunday through Thursday
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 p.m- to Midnight
Content: ------ WHATS PLAYING? ------

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: STARTING WEDNESDAY
Content: 

Heading: Barnabas Collins,
Content: 

Heading: takes a bride in a bizarre act
Content: 

Heading: of unnatural love.
Content: 

Heading: I---N--
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: -- R-- O-- D-- U-
Content: -- the--

Heading: -I--
Content: 

Heading: N --
Content: 

Heading: G
Content: 

Heading: Birthday Pizza
Content: 

Heading: SMALL $2.00 --  LARGE $3.00
Content: 

Heading: Call CAMPUS DELIVERY SERVICE 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: Come see how the vampires do it
Content: 

Heading: SHOW TIMES 7:00 --  9:00
Content: 

Heading: Ml
Content: '4b # 'Aa&E&ii,

Heading: g
Content: 

Heading: The Wizard of Oz
Content: Cap and Dagger will perform the " Wizard of Oz"  tomorrow at 8:30 p.m. Ted
    Cuthbertson plays the Cowardly Lion with Carol Good as Dorothy, Stuart White
    as the Scarecrow and Mike Lotzkar as the Tinman. Tickets for the performance
    in Coleman Hall Theatre are $1.00

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 17
Content: 

Heading: 'The Serpent,
Content: 'The Serpent' another Cap and Dagger production scheduled for early December is
    now in rehearsal. For complete story see below. (photo by Rick Varner)

Heading: New SAM Fraternity House
Content: The brothers of Sigma Alpha Mu recently moved into their new house. Although the
    outer frame and most of the bedrooms are completed, work men are still at
    the task of finishing the remainder of the house. Their other house burned
    down in the summer of 1969. and groundbreaking ceremonies for this house
    took place last spring, (photo by Chris Uhlinger)

Heading: FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 6, 1970
Content: 

Heading: BnckneIlian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Columbia Professor Delivers Keynote
Content: 

Heading: ABS Reviews, Passes
Content: 

Heading: Amendments to Senate
Content: 

Heading: Black Weekend Plans Set
Content: By JENNY CHEN In the beginning struggle with the University Senate proposal, the
    ABS passed four amendments and re jected one Wednesday night in an attempt
    to create an "effective document." Dave Lacy, President, pointed out that
    the ABS will treat the Sen ate document as a whole, enabling the students to
    amend the proposal at any place in the document. In order to make the
    document more consistent, an amendment was ^passed almost immediately
    concern ing the Conference Committee under the ratification and amend ment
    procedure. It now reads under Stage 3, " No members of the Governance Com
    mittees (changed from committee) that have functioned since Septem ber 1,
    1968 (added to the amend ment) me be on the Conference Committee." Another
    amendment passed con cerning part of the wording in the purpose of the
    Senate to read " to create a single body broadly repre sentative of the
    major groups of the community, which shall investigate, consider and develop
    (changed from recommend) policies subject to the approval of the President
    and Board of Trustees . . ." "  Bob Naschin, ABS Treasurer, said, " This is
    where the essence of whether we want a stronger Senate lies. Using the word
    'develop' seems to serve the University much better. Another matter of
    interpretation of the Senate role resulted in the passage of a  tenth
    function of the Senate, " to develop policies for the administration and
    coordination of information centers, e.g. the Book store, Library, and
    Computer Cen ter." Although there may be an argu ment that this function is
    not con sistent with academic type func tions, Naschin explained that the
    Senate functions should include all the sonstituente of the University.
    Along with this last amendment, Lacy placed first on next week's a
    discussion of an amendment to add a Committee on Information Re sources in
    keeping with the tenth function. By TOM NOVINGER The Afro-American
    Symposium, sponsored by the faculty sub-com mittee on black studies and to
    be held here November 14 and 15, will feature guest speaker Dr. Charles V.
    Hamilton. Dr. Hamilton will deliver a talk entitled "They want Relevance:
    Black Students Protest."  He will be available Sunday afternoon and Monday
    morning for discussions and rap sessions. Also featured is the Playward Bus
    presenting an evening of ethnic dance, drama and ghetto theatre, Saturday
    night, November 14. The theatre company, consisting of thirty people from
    Philadelphia, will do an addaptation of God's Trombones, a play by James Wel
    don Johnson, a black poet and play wright. Dr. Hamilton is a professor of
    government at Columbia University. He co-authored the book, Black- Power,
    the Politics of Liberation, with Stokley Carmichael. Hamilton has been the
    chairman of the Department of Political Science at Roosevelt University in
    Chicago and has taught as several universities including Rutgers and
    Tuskegee. He is the author of several articles on constitutional law and
    civil rights. He characterizes the situation in

Heading: New Courses Asked
Content: 

Heading: ABS Debates PE Requirement
Content: The debate concerning the abolishment of the pdysical ed ucation requirement
    continued Wednesday, as the ABS tabled a new motion asking the physical ed
    ucation department to improve their cirriculum, and offering credit for gym
    courses taken. The motion passed last week recommended that " the physical
    education requirement be changed, effective as of September 1, 1971, to
    recommendation sent to the two col-

Heading: ESl
Content: permit each student to choose his own physical fitness program with out having
    the college require phy sical education for graduation." In answer to the
    ABS recom mendation, Dean Leon Pacala of the College of Arts and Sciences
    wrote Dave Lacy, President of ABS, earlier this week. He stated that " the
    individual colleges do not have jurisdiction over physical education as a
    graduation requirement." However, he wrote that matters pertinent to
    physical education as a requirement should be directed to the University
    faculty, through the office of the Provost. In the second half of the ABS
    meeting, Jim Ludwig, proposed an other recommendation to be sent to the
    physical education depart ment representing a follow-up to the (Continued on
    Page 4) Dr. Charles D. Hamilton will be the keynote speaker at next week
    end's Afro-American symposium sponsored by faculty sub-commit tee on black
    studies. the nation as one in which " a large number of people are
    disenchanted with both the effectiveness and the legitimacy of the system."
    " The major question,"  he said, is whether American society " can be as
    wise as it is wealthy." In their book Hamilton and Car michael set forth a
    political frame work which they claim represents the last chance " for this
    society to work out its social problems short of prolonged destructive
    guerilla warfare." As described in their book, the politics of Black Power
    is the "only viable hope" to prevent this.

Heading: Innovative C&D Play
Content: 

Heading: Stresses Interaction
Content: Like most plays, The Serpent has a theme, a cast, and a confronta tion. And,
    again like most plays, the script of The Serpent provides the basis for much
    of the action that takes place on the stage. It is at about that point that
    the similarities stop. In a new kind of theatrical state ment, Jean-Claude
    van Itallie has taken drama back to its original form - the ritual - and
    there has set about exploring the myths com mon to Western man. There is no
    linear movement from statement to conflict to resolution but rather a series
    of impressions, a constant raising of questions, a kind of spontaneous
    encounter be tween audience and actor. The result, then, is not a plot but a
    ceremony in which the perform ers, like priests, invite those who watch to
    participate. Together they experience Adam and Eve, the Gar den of Eden, the
    Kennedy-King as sassinations, the Western way of (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Huey Newton Featured This Week
Content: 

Heading: W V B U  Begins Pacinca Series
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: New Psychology Field Cage
Content: The outdoor field cage, in which the psychology department's coUection of
    Japanese Snow Monkeys will live permanently, nears completion near the
    Psychology Laboratory as workmen finish the screening. The inside emulates
    the natural conditions for the snow monkey, including trees cemented into
    the ground. Appropriate vegitation and a pond will be added. The animal's
    behavior and their physiological responses will be measured from an
    observation tower, utilizing one-way glass, to be built on the roof of the
    present Psychology Laboratory. Although several federal research institutes
    have field cages in which animals live in their naturalistic sett ing,
    Bucknell's field cage is believed to be the only one erected by a college or
    university. Funds for the project came from a Science Improvement award
    given to BuckneU by the National Science Foundation. (photo by Chris
    Uhlinger) By LINADA ANNE CAPUTO WVBU has extended its FM pro gram to
    broadcast educational tapes on controversial issues be ginning Sunday, from
    2:30-5:00 p.m. As an affilliate station of the Pacifica network, WVBU will
    re ceive a series of tapes on selected topics from the Pacifica Foundation
    headquarters at the KPFA studios in Berkeley, California. This unique
    Pacifica program is composed of two types of tapes: in terviews with such
    well known people as Huey Newton, Reverend Daniel Berrigan, Leroy Jones,
    Mar- garet Mead, John Galbraith, Mada- lyn O'Hair, Nicholas Johnson, and the
    Soledad brothers as weU as doc umentaries on the Black Panther Party, Middle
    America, Politics of Hunger, Latin America Policy, the Black Artist, and
    Psychological Analysis of Distinctive Obedience. This Sunday's opening
    program will consist of " An interview with Huey Newton,"  a statement con
    cerning Newton's opinion on his recent trial, on Black Panther po sitions on
    other trials, on Eldridge Cleaver, on plans for a Constitution al Convention
    in Washington, and on Black Panther goals. The second half of the program
    will be a documentary entitled " Revolution for Breakfast"  which describes
    this Black Panther pro gram and the reaction of the child ren benefited by
    it. Tom Ficklin will act as the co ordinator of this initial program by
    providing an introductory back ground to the tapes, by clarifying certain
    points which might be am biguous after one hearing, and by offering personal
    comments on the issues discussed. (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: u
Content: m -B y DAVID WEINBERGER; So we got a bunch of people in our living room
    watching the tv, NBC (Frank McGee in wrap-around wire rim s; we may have
    lost the govern ment, but we are taking over fashion), with the sound off
    and the ster(r)0 decadently on, so that we could study. At midnight when NBC
    had a station break with a half-time band spelling out in human letters "
    Yes or No. Answers Come And Go. So?" , we took our own station break and had
    chocolate brownie waffles. Linda forgot to halve the recipe so we had more
    than enough. The black numbers rolled around on the screen, like m odem
    clocks er birth and death rates put up by insurance companies. They were
    label led Democrat or Republican so that we could know who to root for with
    out ever having heard of the candidates. Even the candidates got into the
    gam e. In Pennsylvania, A. Goodman beat A. S. Russian. Ruane beat Stank in
    the 10th district. Of course. Congressman Russian? Congressman Stank? Sander
    Vanocer told us about Hruska who is called " The Sage of Nebraska"  running
    neck and neck with a Democrat the Republicans call " Hanoi M orrison."  The
    two fastest gun-slingers in the West. No winder they are running so close:
    with names as good as those, how could any one possibly choose between them?
    " Did they project the N.Y. Senate thing yet?,"  Linda asked from  a batter-
    splattered kitchen, " Yeah, it's in its fourth orbit. Reagan got on
    television for a while. He was a star in " Knute Rock- ne "  a very good
    film . We thought NBC had switched to it, deciding to show the same old m
    ovie instead of the same old election. We were wrong. While applause filled
    a pause in his speech thanking California for assent ing to voluntary
    occupation of their state, a voice reached over the clapp ing and asked "W
    hat is R eality?"  Reagan pointed to the space between a movie projector and
    a screen. The trouble with Reagan began about 6 months after he was first
    elected when the comedians ran out of Reagan jokes. We began to take him
    seriously. Even if there isn't anything new and funny to say about him,
    Reagan is consistent enough to still be an actor. Somewhere a candidate got
    a m ajority of the vote, but NBC, on the basis of 2% of the vote in,
    predicted his defeat. Four years later, he was still crying on the steps of
    the NBC office budding, pleading for recogni tion. After five years, NBC
    still refused to grant him the election, but m a gesture of com prom ise,
    did star him as the lovable idiot father in a situation comedy series based
    on the life of Galileo. David Brinkley, talking with Capt. James T. Kirk's
    stutter, asked John Chancellor what was on his desk. " That's a video data
    computer, the greatest thing since the electric bread slicer."  " W ell,"
    said Brinkley, " I'm sitting here at my desk with a pencil." A com m ercial
    cam e on showing cattle marching through San Francisco protesting children's
    not drinking enough milk. It was preceded by a sign that said, " the
    following is a dramatization"  to make sure that we didn t think we were
    watching the news. Then Scott Carpenter, the Astronaut Cowboy said that a
    certain gasoline made clean pollution, remembering his own rocket which in
    bursting through our atmosphere ripped away irreplacable m olecules of air.
    Fred began wondering what the election of 1976 will be like, on the 200th
    anniversary of the first American revolution. Nixon, having served two term
    s, will yell " New M an!"  like kids who a second ago had been told " You're
    D ead!" , while playing Army. He'll be on the tv, running through the
    streets shouting, " The Brighteners are Coming! I regret that I have but one
    enzyme to give for my laundry." By 10 p.m. the computers were through
    voting, and the question was no longer candidate-against-candidate, who will
    win, but rather: the population-against-computer, who will be closer in
    predicting the out com e. You don't need a weatherman to see which way the
    wind blows: you need a third generation computer. The fudge brownie waffles
    began to get us upset. Fred missed Go- odell's concession speech while he
    was in the bathroom. We didn t tell him about it. What he doesn't know won't
    hurt him. And he'll never be able to tell the difference. In 1976, the same
    guys will be running. The same repertory bringing us a brand new advertizing
    campaign for the same old script. We'll ^ elect names and the repertory
    company will fill out the parts of the duly elected officials,"  while
    somewhere off in Nebraska the real president will spit into his left hand,
    slap it with his right, and see his spit pointing to Yes or No. So? Dawn cam
    e, turning up the brightness knobs on our windows, and we began to drop off
    to sleep, still giggling. We usually watch late night m ovies anaway, so
    tonight was nothing unusual. Even pleasurable, be cause our definite
    favorites are really crummy science fiction film s. t ___________ _
    ________________________

Heading: Mandatory Gym
Content: To the Editor: I would like to adress m yself to an editorial that appeared in
    Oc tober 23rd's Bucknellian -- an edi torial urging the freshmen and
    sophomores to boycott physical education in the hope that the re quirement
    itself would " miraculous ly disappear."  I am not going to comment here on
    the futility of such tactics, nor am I going to argue for or against "
    obtaining a truly free and open university." What I do feel is at issue here
    is the relative m erits of our present physical education program^ Some
    thing has to be changed here, som e thing that establishing an unlimited cut
    polity or dropping the program altogether will not solve. Such a set-up as
    an optional gym  program would hurt the very students that the present
    program  is trying to help. M ore im portant than the neces sary healthy
    physical exercise that physical education offers is the desirability of
    exposure to differ ent athletic skills that justifies the maintenance of a
    required physical education program . Arguing that no gym program at all
    would save significant money is a blatant fal lacy. There would be no corres
    ponding decrease in the athletic staff with the abolishment of phys ed; for
    the staff is prim arily hired for teaching its specialty sport, not the
    conducting of gym classes. These briefly are some of my arguments for
    maintaining some form  of required physical educa tion. What I feel the
    Bucknell Com munity should address themselves to is possible alterations
    that would make the present program  more viable. I take up this task in
    offer ing the following proposals and con structive criticism s. More
    options and offerings with in the present program are neces sary -- the
    written tests at the end of the sem ester are not. Fewer and larger gym
    classes at more popular hours of the day -- classes that would then of
    necessity have to make many m ore activities available to the student at the
    same tim e. Each separate activity could be administered by a different mem
    ber of the athletic department, preferably his specialty. With ac tivities
    such as swimming, hand ball, basketball, golf, wrestling, bowling, tennis,
    soccer, and weight lifting offered at one tim e I do not forsee a future
    over-crowded sit uation that will be any worse than what exists now.
    Students should be made m ore aware of their present option to com plete
    four sem esters of phys ed. within eight sem esters. Grant the student m ore
    selectivity in de termining his own physical educa tion syllabus. Institute
    advanced and beginner sections where feas ible in order to accom odate
    fresh- man-throughout senior talent that would also allow the ambitious or
    the struggling student to work at his own level of com petence. In short,
    there is much that can be done to enhance the present gym  program , but
    boycotting gym classes is not an effective means to this end, nor is a
    boycott a desirable end in itself. Sincerely, Dietrich Gruen -- --

Heading: -- THE SIDESHOW
Content: a ......... ................ . .......... i #

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: T u l i i
Content: 

Heading: f n  f l i u  F H i t n r
Content: 

Heading: The Doctor's Bag
Content: 

Heading: Election Night ChaChaCha
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Letters to tne M itor
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: I I  o  L U  I I I U  L m l l U J L
Content: Bv ARNOLD WERNER

Heading: Sycophants
Content: To the Editor: On the University, Political Acthr- (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: No Law and Order at Bloomsburg
Content: I am one of the two mem bers of the Bloomsburg State College E co nom ics
    Department recently suspended from  teaching duties by D r. Robert Nassen,
    President of the College. Dr. Nossens' suspensions are illegal since
    according to our contracts with the College, a faculty mem ber is to be
    suspended on only three grounds, none of which hold in our cases. The three
    grounds are: 1. Treason, 2. Gross Im m orality, 3. Certifica tion by com
    petent m edical authority as to physical or mental disability. Even if Dr.
    Joseph Skehan (the other department mem ber) and I were doing something
    wrong (which we aren't) there are many other punish ments besides suspension
    available to President Nossen. Suspension is the most severe punishment
    available to him and it is a very bad fit for the crim e we are supposed to
    have committed. The press release of October 7, 1970, announcing my
    suspension, con tained many untrue statements. The local press and radio
    refused to publish my accusations as to the untruths contained in the
    release. On advice of legal counsel I have continued to teach my classes.
    Dur ing the first five weeks of the school year, 20 out of 47 of m y classes
    were disrupted by administrators, for up to twenty minutes out of fifty. The
    administrators were attempting to prevent my teaching or attempting to
    prevent m y students from  attending class. These acts of disruption be gan
    three weeks before I received notification of m y suspension. Dr. John Hoch,
    Vice-President of the College has filed a crim inal com plaint against m e
    for disturbing classes which were, in fact, disturbed and disrupted by him
    and other administrators. The College in replacing Dr. Skehan and m e with
    foreign nationals who do not have the teaching qualifications called for in
    Section 2872 of the School Laws of Pennsylvania. I believe the real reason
    for my suspension is that, after four peaceful years at Bloomsburg, I had
    the misfortune to discover that administrators were involved in a gambling
    operation which was taking place in the largest dormitory on campus, an
    operation which spread to the rest of the campus and involved powerful
    faculty mem bers. The Dean of Men, the Asst. Dean, and secretaries initiated
    the operation in the dormitory and profited from  it. I appealed to the Dean
    o f Students, their superior, to stop the opera tion and bring about
    restitution of lost monies to students. He failed to stop it, and my
    exposure of his failure, probably embarrased him. (When I threatened to
    inform  the Board of Trustees as to what was going on, I was warned that to
    do so would cause m e to lose my tenure.) Mr. Hun- singer the Dean of
    Students (now Assoc. Vice President) has powerful political connections in
    Harrisburg, Northumberland County, and now, sadly, in Columbia County. The
    Secretary of Education, theBureau of State Colleges, and the#1 Board of
    Trustees have over the last six months been kept informed of the violations
    of State Law and College Law committed by President Nossen and various of
    his administrators. They have taken no action visible to m e. _ _ W e know
    that Law and order do not exist at Bloomsburg State College There is an
    interesting question of whether they exist in Harrisburg. D. Gifford Porter
    Assoc. Prof.

Heading: FEEDBACK: Review
Content: 

Heading: ptukneUian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING
Content: THE

Heading: BUCKNELL
Content: COMMUNITY Established 1897. Published twice vjreekly during the college year.
    Member of Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription, ^
    ;00'19||yalJleth^1 vance. Entered as second class matter on September 21,
    1922, at the post office at Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM To review any issue and take a
    stand we deem in. the best interest.of the University, to treat every issue
    with the responsibihty_toat is accorded us in a free society to be
    constructively critical when neccessary as well as laudatory when
    appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and In tegrity. .
    Rriitnrials aD D earin g on this page reflect the majority opinion of the
    editorild bS rd ttllt of the editors. Signed columns present the views only
    of the authors. AU letters should be adressed to the Editor, and must be
    received no later than Saturday noon for publication in the Tuesday edition
    and wednes day noon for publication in the Friday edition. AU letters must
    be signed and typed double-spaced: however, names may be withheld upon
    request. The Editor reserves the right to choose aU letters for publication,
    and to edit a^rletter chosen for reasons of space restrictions, grammatical
    change and offensive language. O ffice: Fochl Printing Co., 229 Market
    Street, 529-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: NOVEMBER 6, 1970 To the Editor: Although I personally agreed with Dean Landew's
    review of the Se- bastian/M iles concert, his last para graph has no place
    in the article. He seems to imply that the inclu sion of Buddy Miles on the
    bill as a " Special Guest Star,"  and his last- minute placement to the
    second act of the evening, was an attempt by an un-named " greedy promoter"
    (to use his ill-chosen words) to foist pnmeihing on the Bucknell com munity.
    The reviewer should be informed of two things: 1) the matter of bill ing was
    necessitated by a legality. 2) Judging by the incredible length of Buddy M
    ile's perform ance due to the audience's ecstatic reaction (not to mention
    his very substantial cre dentials as a musician: Hendrix and the E lectric F
    lag), a very large segment of Bucknell did not feel that anything was
    foisted on them. If Miles had been universally un popular, and if the
    Concert Com mittee had thought that he would be, and If they had some m
    otive for bringing him here anyway, then perhaps we should be critical of
    the rnmmitt.ee. In fact, none of these conditions were actualized. So the
    reviewer was apparently attacking the Committee for having the gall to
    disagree with his personal taste. And there is one thing that the reviewer
    should be aware of: the Concert Committee donates an in credible amount of
    time and energy to Bucknell to bring us the finest concert series any
    relatively small campus in the country ever had. That's no exaggeration.
    Perhaps we should be m ore grateful for their volunteered efforts and their
    huge success, and also a little m ore tolerant of other people's tastes.
    Sincerely, David Weinberger

Heading: Livingston Taylor. A Review
Content: By JOHN FRIEDMAN Livingston Taylor's album is good. The problem in listening to
    his album is the sim ilarities to brother James. You expect Living ston to
    do a Fire and Rain riff after every song. liv . can't play guitar like Jam
    es. He uses basic chord progressions and does little picking. His voice is
    not as rich as Jame's (it could be the equip m ent), but it is just as
    pleasant. Where Jam es uses references to his days in the " zoo,"  Liv.
    refers to his days on the road and his appreciation of his friends. He
    writes all his own songs and this is what really struck m e. The songs with
    no exceptions are great. (The sign of a good album; the m ore you play it
    the m ore you like it. H us thought fits perfectly.) The first song " Sit on
    Back"  is a fast rendition of som e of Jame's thoughts. The m elody is very
    catching Mid Lav. tells us to live our own life. The next four songs add
    very intelligently switch fast to slow. " Doctor Man"  is a ballad, " Six
    Days on the Road"  is rock and roll. " Packet of Good Tim es"  has a James
    thought that tali<< us to keep the good tim es. " Hush A iBye"  is a
    lullabye sung to his girl-woman. The second side is even m ore fun. "
    Carolina Day" sounds like " Carolina on m y Mind" - James. He's back with
    his two brothers Jam es and ugh, and sister Kate. It seems that in tim es of
    thought Jam es and Liv. go to the same place. ' Can t Get Back Home"  tells
    o f his home, his relation to his parents and brothers. He can't get back. "
    M y home is dust, it's so undefined."  " In my Reply"  is another story-
    ballad. He replies to a dying man who asks if he will ever see Ohio again,
    his reply to this and other questions is - " I don't know." , .  . . ... As
    I'm  getting tired of reviewing every song, I would just like to say that
    you must understand Livingston. He is an excellent musician and if Jam es
    hadn't gotten there first he would be con- sidered Livingston's brother. He
    thinks a  lot like Jam es and nis songs show it. He has tremendous talent
    which will be appreciated. Speaking of Good Tim es and Sunshine, speaking of
    Livingston and James. (Continued from  Page 2) ity, and Taxation: When we
    (faculty, administrators, and students) can seriously be wor ried about
    upsetting the state's con trol over our activity, we should realize that the
    rules of academ ic hypocrisy no longer suffice and con sequently ought to
    spend tim e in drawing up a Guide for Sycophants. M ortimer W. Cushman

Heading: Handicapped
Content: To the Editor: As a parent and teacher of the handicapped 1 am  curious to learn
    what you are doing at Bucknell; students, administrator, and teach ers, for
    the handicapped in your m idst? A few questions com e to m ind: (1) are his
    needs taken Care of so that he will have a minimal amount of discom fort
    trying to earn his de gree? If he is blind, has anyone seen to it that he
    has a seeing eye dog if he wants one? If he doesn't, has anyone worked out a
    buddy system  so that he'll have someone to help him through each month? If
    this is divided up everyone will gain from the experience. (2) if he is a
    blind vet, let's say, is he on the ground floor where he should be or has he
    been given an eyrie on the top floor? If so maybe someone would volunteer to
    swap room s, someone on the first floor, i.e. We're all generous by nature;
    it's just that we don't think. (3) about note-taking: the Alex ander Graham
    Bell Association for the Deaf (1537 N.W. Wash., D.C.) has for sale som e
    type of note book which takes notes in triplicate so that they may be passed
    on to that deaf student who is in your class. This could also be used for
    the blind or anyone else in need of notes. (4) in planning that beautiful
    mil lion dollar student center are you thinking of those who might need a
    ram p in order to enter and leave that building? At Expo et al. the needs of
    the handicapped were kept

Heading: BUCK'S SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: 24--hour Towing
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1132
Content: in mind for ease of entrance and egress. What could be m ore form id able than
    stairs to one in a wheel chair? Think about it . . .  . And while you're
    thinking about it let's tie a handkerchief over our eyes and try to make it
    to classes and cafeteria for one day. If we did this, none would have to
    solicit help socially or intellectually. These guys don't want your pity.
    They want your love and friendship. Let's make that first step easy for them
    by going half way. Sincerely, Mrs. Harold Donovaer I f a LmtE A ir P
    ollution IS AU WE HAVE TO PUT UP WITH To MAKE LIFE A BIT MORE COMFORTABLE -
    I 'DSAVlUS WORTH ITJ!

Heading: n js ,
Content: 

Heading: r
Content: n iniiaiiBiiiiBii u u lB IU IB lllliia iiB U Color Productions Present

Heading: IN CONCERT
Content: 

Heading: Blood, Sweat&Tears
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAY, DECEMBER 5
Content: 

Heading: FARM SHOW ARENA HBG., PA.
Content: $5.00 Advance ticket purchase $6.00 Door ticket price Send self addressed
    stamped envelope to: Color Productions, Inc. BOX 336, HARRISBURG, PA. 17108
    IMBUI HliaillUB /

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Spedalizing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY
Content: AAon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m. Fri.-Sat. - - - 9:00 - 1:00 p.m. Sunday - - - -
    7:00 - 11:30 p.m.

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 524-2494

Heading: O P E N
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: Tue. - Thur. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m. Fri. - Sat. -1 1  am. - 1:30 am. Sun. - Mon. -
    5:00 - 12:00 p.m. 501 MARKET STREET

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: NOV. 6, 1970

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: / \

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: RQ
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: BB
Content: (SS8970 swve R mss MwauSCMiraM A ll R ights << served c 1970 CPS Address letters
    to Dr. Arnold Werner, Box 974, East Lansing, Michigan 48823. OUESTION: Ail
    my life I have had the unique capability to pass a far greater volume of gas
    than the average mem ber of m y species. An ex planation of m y gaseous
    state escapes m e because I consume a normal daily diet and can turn on with
    anything from  cereal to sauerkraut. I recently considered a medicale
    examination thinking my problem  (and often that of others in the immediate
    vicinity) might be due to a m etabolic disorder or an over-abundance of
    micro-organisms in my digestive tract. Also, what are the physiological
    consequences of observing proper eti- quitte when the pressure builds and "
    not firing at w ill." ANSWER: Gaseousness is a rather common condition. It m
    ay be mani fested by flatulence (passing of large amounts of gas or flatus
    through the rectum ) as you describe or excessive belching. Some readers'
    pristine self- image m ay be shattered but, most people pass about two to
    three quarts of gas daily. M ercifully, almost all of its odorless and
    passed silently. There are three basic sources of gas in our intestinal
    tract. A ir enters when we swallow foods and liquids, carbon dioxide is
    released during digestive processes and bacteria produces methane, hydrogen
    and hydro gen sulfide through fermentation processes. The latter three are
    in flam m able. There are m etabolic disorders and infections of the gastro
    intestinal tract which can produce gaseousness, but by far the m ost com mon
    cause is aerophagia, or air swallowing. A com m on sign o f anxiety, this
    condition becom es a com pulsive habit in some people. Air intake can
    accompany increased swallowing of saliva, gum chewing, sucking on hard
    candy, etc. People with this condition can also adm it large volum es Of air
    to the stomach during respiration. Aside from  an explanation of the process
    and reassurance, the source I consulted recommended exhailing prior to
    swallowing any food or liquid As w ell, you should eliminate whipped foods
    and carbonated beverages from  your diet. He also suggests bolding something
    between your teeth, like a pencil, which would make it difficult to swallow!
    Of course, if you are especially anxious you might consider seeking help for
    that. I could find no reported cases of explosions resulting from  not "
    firing at will"  but cramps could result after a while.

Heading: W hy isn't a big
Content: 

Heading: company like General Electric
Content: 

Heading: doing more to dean up
Content: 

Heading: the environment?
Content: How much can one company do to clean up the environment? Until the problems of
    pollution are under control-- until its effects are reversed-- no company
    can ever be doing "enough." What follows is a listing of things General
    Electric is doing to ease environmental problems. Some are new. Some are as
    old as twenty-five years. Should we be doing more? Yes, of course. Every
    company should. These are only a few of the more important ones. But every
    day sees us take more steps in many more directions. > General Electric is
    working toward a process that will use bacteria to convert garbage into a
    high-protein food for cattle. One possible answer to the mounting garbage
    problem. >>. Modern, pollution-free mass transit from General Electric is
    carrying more and more commuters into cities without their cars. >>  GE
    pioneered the development of nuclear power plants. A nuclear plant makes
    electricity without making smoke. While there is still the problem of
    thermal effects, it's being tackled on a site-by-site basis and can be
    solved. But for now, increasing demands for power can be met without an
    increasing output of air pollution. >>  GE has developed a waste- treatment
    unit to significantly reduce the water pollution from ships and boats. > We
    have been chosen by the federal government to solve the problem of jet-
    engine noise for the aviation industry. Our present jet is already quieter
    than those on the passenger planes of the Sixties, and yet it's nearly three
    times as powerful. > GE designed and built an undersea habitat called
    "Tektite." Several teams of scientists have lived in the habitat while
    studying coral- reef ecology and ocean pollution. > We're designing an
    earth-resources satellite which will be used for a worldwide survey of the
    oceans. A  first step toward the ultimate control of water pollution. >>
    Our newest jet airplane engine, for the DC-10, is designed to be smoke-free.
    Of course, there's more to jet exhaust than just smoke. And our goal is to
    one day make them run totally clean. > General Electric makes high-
    temperature vortex incinerators for

Heading: G E N E R A L O  E L E CT R I C
Content: the complete combustion of many types of solid waste. Complete combustion
    drastically reduces the amount of leftover ash, as well as virtually
    eliminating air pollutants. The problems of the environ ment are many. And
    some of the solutions wilj be difficult and costly. But, as you can see,
    we're working on them. Why are we running this ad? We're running this ad,
    and others like it, to tell you the things General Electric is doing about
    the problems of man and his environment today. The problems concern us
    because they concern you. We're a business and you are potential customers
    and employees. But there's another, more important reason. These problems
    will affect the future of this country and this planet. We have a stake in
    that future. As businessmen. And, simply, as people. We invite your
    comments. Please write to General Electric, 570 Lexington Ave., New York,
    N.Y.

Heading: 10022
Content: .

Heading: n
Content: l; .'flttM M M HM IM M I . a*'

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: 

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: Friday, November 6 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services 8:00 p.m. Hilltop: " Nazarin"
    Saturday, November 7 8:00 a m. Graduate Study In Business Test Display of
    Prisons and Prisoners 1:30 p.m. Football vs. Colgate Sunday, November 8
    10:30 a.m. Chapel: The Rev. Mr. William H. Phillippe 4:00 p.m. Catholic Mass
    6:00 p.m. Panhellenic Open Suites Monday, November 9 Meditation Chapel
    Vaughan Lit. Aud. Vaughan Lit. Aud. (Through November) Lib. 1st Floor Cases
    Memorial Stadium Rooke Chapel Rooke Chapel Sorority Suites 4:00 p.m. 7:00
    p.m. 7:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 9:00 p.m. Faculty Computer
    Seminar Family Swim Nite Freshman Football vs. Susquehanna Sailing Club

Heading: A.A.U.W.
Content: English Dept. Film: " Open City" International House Film: " Carmen Dana
    Engring. 228 Freas-Rooke Pool Memorial Stadium Coleman Hall 101B University
    Lounge Vaughan Lit. Aud. Carey House Tuesday, November 10 12:30 p.m. 3:15
    p.m. 4:45 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 9:30 p.m. e o i u c i
    . . Contact Lecture: Miss Bettyanne Galloway: Haiku, Minia tures of
    Experience" New Dorm Lomige Psychology Dept. Film: " Miss Goodall and The
    Wild Chim panzees" visu^  ^ ds- Aud: Catholic Mass Rooks Chapel
    Intercollegiate Debat Society Vaughan Lit. 203 Christian Science
    Organization Vaughan Lit. 241 English Dept. Film: " For Whom The Bell Tolls"
    Visual Aids Aud. Classes of '71, '72 and '73 Film: " Elvira !Viadigan"
    Vaughan Lit. Aud. International Affairs Club Informal Discussion and Slides
    of Hong Kong Carey House

Heading: Ski Trip
Content: There will be a meeting of the ski trip committee Sunday, at 7:30 p.m. in Swartz
    hall lounge. Anyone who is interested is urged to at tend. If you are
    interested in doing any other work contact Ellen Car ter (1812) or Frank
    Kirkland (1959).

Heading: Correction
Content: Tuesday's issue of The Bucknel- lian, stated that the motion by Pro fessor John
    Murphy, of the English department to review the expendi tures of the
    Athletic department assed the faculty. This was in correct. The motion which
    did pass was one to recommend to the Fac ulty advisory committee that they
    review the University budget, giv ing special attention to the amount of
    money spent on intercollegiate athletics, and to develop a justifica tion
    for this amount.

Heading: UNICEF Cards
Content: Alpha Phi will be selling Christ mas cards November 4-10 from noon to 1 p.m. in
    the main lounges of Hunt, Roberts, New Dorm, Swartz, and Harris Halls.

Heading: Riverside
Content: Several members of the River side Community have expressed an interest in
    running some on-campus encounter sessions during January. For further
    information, call Rick Beardsley at 524-0177.

Heading: Phi Beta Kappa
Content: The following seniors were elected to membership in Mu Chapter of Pennsylvania
    of Phi Beta Kappa: Doreen Bolger Joan Gerrity David Hill Heddy Matthias
    Ellen Morriss Philip Winne This raises the total student mem bership in the
    local Phi Beta Kappa Chapter to fourteen at the present time.

Heading: Debate
Content: 

Heading: 6
Content: 

Heading: The Serpent
Content: 

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: Explores Myths
Content: (Continued from Page 1) socializing, the first love-making... Together they
    wander about the " dreams inside (their) heads,, and " those things which
    (they) believe to be outside (their) heads,"  find ing, on a non-verbal
    level, what im ages, ideas, and feelings they hold in common. To present
    such a play effective ly, the cast and director Trevor Lewis spent the first
    six weeks of rehearsals in sensitivity sessions, including structured and
    unstruc tured 'play times.' Trevor explained that the sessions were spent "
    exploring myths about ourselves and then as a group to discover communal
    points of re ference - so when we make a state ment on stage, it is made by
    the whole group." Other periods were devoted to discussion - one evening the
    cast read Genesis together, then talked about contemporary and personal
    views of the 'Genesis myth.' Even seating arrangements will be adaptel to
    strengthen the group sense of the'ensemble. Members of the audience will be
    seated on the stage, looking in from every direc tion to form an "
    environmental arena." All action will take place within that arena -
    occasionally, actors may leave the central " stage" and penetrate the
    audience to establish immediate contact. The 'stuff' of The Serpent, then,
    is an atmosphere, a dynamic, mov ing relationship based on the cast's
    continuing and deepening interac tion. Thus, Lewis feels that each
    performance will be one phase of " a work in progress. We're letting the
    audience in at a certain point - what is happening among the actors does not
    stop at dress rehearsal or on the first night. Each show will have a certain
    'spontanaeity' as performers' under standing of each other changes and
    grows. It is " at least" to this sense of immediacy that he hopes the
    audience will respond.

Heading: ft
Content: 

Heading: UL
Content: ........ : The University Debating Team under the direction of Dr. Frank
    Merritt, will attend its first tourna ment of the year tomorrow, at Sus
    quehanna University. Members of the team will be participating in two speech
    categories. Michael Baron, Richard Kleinert and etty Willet will be entered
    in Extempor aneous Speaking and Stephen Val enti will be competing in
    Original Oratory.

Heading: Mu Phi Epsilon
Content: Sunday November 8, the Bucknell collegiate and Lewisburg alumnae chapters of Mu
    Phi Epsilon, pro fessional music sorority, will cele brate Founders' Day by
    present ing a joint program in the Music and Art Auditorium at 3:30 p.m.
    Feature guest soloist will be Pro fessor Thomas Beversdorf of Indi ana
    University, Bloomington, Indi ana, and for this year composer-in- residence
    here. He will play a group of trombone solos, accompanied by Professor
    Dorothy Wilson.

Heading: Election Discussion
Content: Phi Sigma Alpha will sponsor a discussion concerning the outcome of the recent
    elections. It will be in the New Dorm Pit Monday at 7:30. Prof. John Peeler,
    David Logan, 'Pete' Pederick, Director of De velopment, and Mrs. John
    Neuman, Director of the Pennsylvania branch of ABC, will lead the informal
    dis cussion.

Heading: Man in Space
Content: Anyone interested in the Jan Plan " Man in Space"  (J-71-7) should con tact
    Professor DeHoff in Dana Engineering Rm 306 (1113) by Mon day.

Heading: Concert
Content: The Bucknell Concert Committee will sponsor a concert featuring " From North,"
    a folk rock group,

Heading: 0
Content: on Friday Nov. 6, at 11 p.m. in Vaughan Lit.Auditorium. Admission will be 75c a
    person, $1.00 a couple. " From North" appeared in the Bison last year before
    the Allen- wood Festival of Life.

Heading: Peace Corps
Content: Returned Peace Corps volunteer Diana Gibson (Malaysia) and host country
    national, Arthur Ngirakl- song (Micronesia) will speak on current needs and
    opportunities for Peace Corps volunteers. The meet ing will be held at
    6:30,p.m. Mon day, in New Dorm Pit. On Monday afternoon and Tuesday, they
    are available for appointments through the Placement Service.

Heading: Freshman Officers
Content: Candidates for Freshman Class Officers: President: John deBenedictus Munroe
    Diefendorf, Jr. William Dorsey Ed Feibel Dick Runtagh Tom Wells Vice
    President: Ed Hafer Charles MacArthur Robert Owen Secretary-Treasurer: Donna
    Kreger Carol Wolf Elections will be held Monday November 9.

Heading: Sophomores
Content: Sophomores who are interested in spending next year on a junior- year-abroad
    program should make application for such study in the next few weeks.
    Information on junior year programs and policies regarding such study is
    available in the Office of the Dean, College of Arts and Sciences, 113 Marts
    Hall. Students planning to make application for a junior year abroad program
    should consult with the Assistant Dean, John Py- per.

Heading: Departments Understaffed
Content: 

Heading: Large Enrollment Creates
Content: 

Heading: Serious Faculty Shortage
Content: 

Heading: ROTC Survey Reveals
Content: 

Heading: Pro
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: Con Sentiments
Content: To put the cast in the proper atmosphere and mood of Jean-Claude van Italiie's "
    The Serpent"  Trevor Lewis the play's director had them spend six weeks of
    rehearsal in sensitivity sessions and discussions on the myth oi Genesis."
    <Phdeg ' deg b* Rick Varner)

Heading: FROM NORTH
Content: 

Heading: IN CONCERT
Content: 

Heading: Tonight After Hilltop --  11 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: VAUGHAN LIT AUDITORIUM
Content: 

Heading: 75c a person
Content: 

Heading: $1.00 a couple
Content: 

Heading: Sponsored by BUCKNELL CONCERT COMMITTEE
Content: 

Heading: WVBU
Content: 

Heading: Kodak Educational Aid Fund
Content: 

Heading: Awards $8750 to University
Content: 

Heading: I-- N-- T-- R-- O-- D-- U-- C -- I-- N-- G
Content: -- the--

Heading: Birthday Pizza
Content: 

Heading: SMALL $2.00 --  LARGE $3.00
Content: 

Heading: Call CAM PUS DELIVERY SERVICE 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for Christmas. Easter or summer?
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities, economic flights, discounts.
Content: 

Heading: Write for information (air mail).
Content: 

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street, Newport, LW ,, England
Content: (Continued from Page 1) It is the intention of the members of Pacifica at WVBU
    that students, professors, and noted authorities will offer their opinions
    on these controversial topics. Pacifica, supported by ABS, has proposed a
    tentative schedule for the entire year which will be pub lished in The
    Bucknellian before each weekly broadcast. This innovation necessitates a
    change in WVBU's Saturday and Sunday schedules. Classical music will be
    broad cast from noon to 6:00 p.m. on Saturday with John Luttenburger and Jim
    Vicevich.

Heading: STRAND
Content: 

Heading: SUNBURY, PA.
Content: 

Heading: TOD AY THRU TUESDAY
Content: A story totally of today. Of tension, turmoil, and the clash of ideals on a
    college campus.

Heading: STANLEY KREAMER'S
Content: 

Heading: *'R.
Content: 

Heading: P.
Content: 

Heading: M."
Content: 

Heading: Anthony Quinn
Content: 

Heading: Ann-Margaret
Content: 

Heading: Gary Lockwood
Content: W EEKDAYS A T 7:00 b  9:00 SAT FROM  1:. SUN FROM  2. The University has been
    awarded two grants totaling $8,750 from the Eastman Kodak Company as part of
    the company's $3.3 million educa tional aid program for 1970. The University
    has received a grant of $3,750 as one of 101 private ly supported colleges
    and universi ties awarded unrestricted grants totaling $631,500. These
    grants are based on the graduates from these institutions who joined Kodak
    within five years after graduation and are presently completing five years
    of company employment. Kodak contributes $750 for each year of academic work
    completed by the employee at a privately sup ported, accredited school from
    which he or she received a bache lor's or graduate degree. The University is
    also one of 16 schools emphasizing the liberal arts or having educational
    programs of particular interest to Kodak which have received special grants
    of $5,000 each. Dr. L. K. Eilers, Kodak chair man, and Gerald B. Zornow,
    Kodak president, in a joint statement an nouncing the grants said "
    Financial pressure on our colleges and uni versities is one of the quiet
    crises facing our country. We are at a period, not only in our national
    history, but in the history of civili zation as we know it, where man kind's
    survival depends on the rapid assimilation and use of what is be coming a
    geometrically expanding body of knowledge. " Not only is knowledge expand
    ing, the number of students is steadily increasing, creating that need for
    more and more facilities and larger faculties. It is no wonder that more
    colleges and universities are seeking help."

Heading: ABS
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: By JACKIE STUBBA Features Editor's Note: The fol lowing is the first in a three-
    pari series: The results of interviews with department chairmen, dealing
    with student/faculty rations in each department, will comprise the col
    lection. One of the major advantages that this university enjoys over other
    colleges is its comparitively small total student enrollment - approxi
    mately 3000 students. Maintaining this figure creates the opportunity for
    personal contact with faculty members and for in dividual attention. The
    problems arising relative to material covered can be dealt with personally;
    there is not the feeling of " being lost among the multitude." Yet, su
    staining an adequate student-fac ulty ratio requires a sufficient num ber of
    faculty members. Several department chairmen were interviewed to determine
    if this type of immediate relationship exists. The chairmen of the depart
    ments responded to questions of student enrollment vs. staff suffici ency.
    Professor F. D. Martin, chairman of the department of philosophy, counted
    the total number of en rolled philosophy students as 318, including the 160
    students in intro ductory courses. Calculating the student-faculty

Heading: it
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: NOVEMBER 6, 1970

Heading: Corsages --  Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524*9933
Content: (Continued from Page 1) leges. Ludwig argued that " it would not be too much to
    ask to give one credit to those who want to take 4 semesters of gym." The
    three parts to his amendment state that the physical education department
    offer specific area courses and that they be outlined in the University
    catalogue, that the .25 credit towards graduation per semester be counted
    into the student's G.P.A., and that a wide range of elective courses be
    offered that are sufficient in depth to war rant credit. However, part of
    the amendment was amended to read, " For each semester of participation in
    one of these courses, a student shall re ceive one quarter credit towards
    graduation and that the maximum of courses that can be taken for credit will
    be four." A further amendment " to stay within the bounds of their present
    budget"  was tabled for further dis cussion along with the Ludwig mo tion
    until the first recommendation is deliberated upon. In other ABS business,
    Sharon Gavin was elected to the Committee on Differently Prepared Students.

Heading: Focus: The Draft
Content: By DAN MARTIN Features Editor's Note: The following article is the first in a
    series digested from the " BUCKNELL ENGINEER,"  March 1970, Vol. 21, Number
    3, based on an article by Joseph W. Rogers, as sistant professor of
    electrical engineering, entitled " A Short Look At Selective Service."  The
    series is meant to illuminate its readers concerning the Military Selective
    Service Act, in particular, and the draft, in general. For American males
    over the age of eighteen, the draft is pro bably an issue of major concern.
    Although this seemingly much- protested institution wields such tremendous
    power, it is interesting that many people (college undergraduates included)
    know little about the workings of the Selective Service System. Furthermore,
    they usually do not take sufficient time to analyze their relationship with
    the Selective Service until it is too late. Since Regulation 1641.1 states,
    " Every person shall be deemed to have notice of the requirements of the
    Military Selective Service Act of 1967 . . . ." , the intention of this
    article is to present a brief introduction to the obligations which eighteen
    year old males have, under the law. Initial Registration The law currently
    in affect, governing military eligibility, is the Military Selective Service
    Act of 1967, recently amended in order to include the lottery. Males passing
    their eighteenth birthday re gister with the Selective Service System and
    fill out SSS Form 100, the Classification Questionaire. (Younger men can
    look forward to this procedure.) Selective Service then assigns men to one
    of ap- provimately 4,100 local boards, using answers on the questionaire to
    determine their draft status -- a status selected from one of eigh teen
    classifications. For those who have not yet registered, a hint might be
    heeded. Completion of the SSS Form 100 is not required at the initial re
    gistration. One should explain to the clerk. If asked to complete this form,
    that ten days are allowed to complete it under the pro visions of
    Regulations 1621. 10. Ordinarily this form is mailed after the initial
    registration. Once in possession of the questionaire, it should be filled
    out very carefully, since the answers provided may determine how soon one is
    to be drafted, or if one is to be drafted at all. The regula tions instruct
    that the lowest classification, for which one is eligible should certainly
    be awarded, with I-A being the highest classifica tion. A partial list of
    classifications follows: Class Description I-A Available for military
    service I-A-0 Conscientious Objector available for noncombatant mili tary
    service only 1-0 Conscientious Objector available for civilian work contribu
    ting to the maintenance of the national health, safety, or in terest. I-S
    Student deferred by status

Heading: I-
Content: Y  Registrant not eligible for a lower class who would be qualified for military
    service in time of war or national emergency

Heading: II-
Content: A Registrant deferred because of civilian occupation n-S Registrant deferred
    because of activity in study I-D Member of reserve component or student
    taking military

Heading: III-
Content: A Registrant with child or children; and registrant de ferred by reason of
    extreme hardship to dependents IV- F Registrant not qualified for any
    military service Student Deferments The Military Selective Service Act of
    1967 does provide for student deferments. The law states that the President
    shall pro vide for the deferment from training and service in the Armed
    Forces of persons satisfactorily pursuing a full-time course of in struction
    at a college, university, or similar institution of learning and who request
    such deferment."  Such a deferment continues until the completion of the
    requirements for a baccalaureate degree, or until the student fails to
    pursue, satisfactorily, a fun-time course of instruction or attains his
    twenty-fourth birthday. Several conditions of this law should be considered,
    together with the relevant regulations. Regulation 1622.25, (which defines
    the satisfactory pursuit of a full-time course of instruction), states that
    this condition is satisfied if a student, during his academic year, has
    earned credits toward his degree which, when added to prior credits earned,
    represent a proportion of the total number required to earn his degree --
    according to norms established by the school. To most college faculties,
    this definition would be unsatisfactory, since grade point averages and
    other requirements should consti tute part of the definition also.
    Certainly, before asking that the SSS form 109 (Student Certificate) be sent
    to the draft board, one should consider the school's definition probably
    given in its Announcement or Catalog. Although the paragraph, discussing n-S
    (jeferments implies that one can hold such a status only once, and
    continously, until it expires, the regulations do not make any such
    stipulation For example, a registrant after receiving a H-S deferment, who
    must drop out of school for a considerable length of time because of
    illness, is indeed permitted to re-apply for such a status upon his return
    to school. ratio to be 21:1, he commented that the department is
    understaffed and the members are overworked. Al though it varies with each
    professor, he estimated an average of 30 hours per week spent by staff
    members in the classroom and in outside pre paration. " They are also
    expected to publish, in order to keep them abreast in their fields.
    Publication and good teaching go hand in hand. Each year the department re
    quests enlargement of its staff; how ever, because of the University's
    limited budget, the request must be denied. Martin continued, " If a new mem
    ber were added, it would have to be detracted from the salary of those here
    now." Over the past few years the stu dent-faculty ratio in this depart ment
    has increased in response to the increase in philosophy majors, putting a
    much larger strain on the staff for individual consultations. Although
    Professor Martain would like to see one more member on the staff, he added
    that it does not ap pear feasible at the present time. Professor William

Heading: H.
Content: Cooper, chairman of the economics depart ment, cited the total student enrol led
    ineconomics as 732, including 360 in the introductory courses. Finding the
    student-faculty ratio to be 40:1, he affirmed that the de partment is
    understaffed, saying that a ratio of 20:1 would be a more reasonable figure.
    " The faculty is tremendously overworked," he stated, and needs four new mem
    bers to produce a 20:1 ratio, but would gladly reveive even more. Requests
    to enlare the econom ics staff can not be met, due to the budget. " The
    University is sympa thetic but there's no action,"  re plied the professor.
    Usually the de partment chairman teaches two classes; however, this year,
    Cooper has had to take on three to meet the demands of the rise in student
    en rollment. He sees the educational advanta ges declining, since larger
    classes eliminates a large amount of stu dent participation and interchange
    of ideas. " Larger classes tend to in hibit the students from speaking out,"
    he explained. " They feel they are imposing on others by taking up class
    time with their comments." Professor Cooper agrees that there seems to be
    little chance of attaining needed members with the budget in its present
    situation.

Heading: Inviai
Content: Jack the Ripper, the infamous murderer who killed at least 5 pro stitutes in the
    autumn of 1888, is thought to have been Edward, Duke of Ciarance, the
    grandson of Queen Victoria and heir to the throne of England. The Bronx Zoo
    houses a pygmy hippopotamus. By KARL BLAKE Why does a student take ROTC on
    this campus? Evidently, on the basis of the following conversations,
    students are attracted to ROTC for a num ber of reasons other than the basic
    one of preferring to enter the army as an officer rather than a Private.
    While not an entirely comprehen sive survey, the following does re present
    many of the reasons stu dents " enlist"  or drop ROTC here. U.S. military
    history is studied in the first two years, and many of the 49 freshmen, 20
    sophomores, 12 juniors and 35 seniors find the ROTC program engaging because
    of such inquiry. Walter Lutz, '72, admitted that ROTC was " one of the most
    worth while things I've taken here,"  and added that, " In today's tension-
    fil led world, if you don't understand the balance of power, you can't
    understand anything else.

Heading: ROTC
Content: helps you achieve this understand ing." Mark James, '73, agreed: " I'm really
    learning something in ROTC -- as opposed to what I'm doing in some other
    courses." Gary Weaver, '74, observed that

Heading: ROTC
Content: " does provide a different perspective on history: You learn the military
    reasons for wais whereas in most courses you study the political reasons."
    Rick Brown, '74 added that ROTC " lets you see all sides of the issues,
    while most of what is, say, being printed now is written from a one sided
    viewpoint." Another freshman also, apparent ly, feels that the academic
    content of ROTC courses has some merit. He plans to " take the first two
    years to learn as much as possible about the army and then drop out." The
    seemingly old practice of joining the army in search of " ad venture"  has
    largely disappeared in our times, but not altogether. One student observed:
    " I'll probably have to sit in some office for most of the rest of my life,
    so first I'd like to travel around. I don't think I'd like to travel to
    Vietnam, but if it cames up, I guess I'll go." Some people trying to achieve
    some perspective on their life wind up in Haight-Ashbury; others wind up in
    the army. Rick Diez, '73, said: " One of the reasons I joined is that I'm
    not really sure what I want to do. I thought that, as an officer in the
    army, I could have a look at some different careers and gain a little time."
    . Students leave ROTC for a variety of reasons, too. Jim Nock, '73, once
    felt so strong ly about his " obligation"  to serve that he enlisted in ROTC
    in spite of the fact that he could have ob tained a physical deferment and
    avoided military service altogether. Last spring, however, he left the
    program. " What made me drop out was the Cambodia invasion. It seemed to me
    that if the army was going to be handled that badly it wouldn't really do me
    any good, or the country any good, to support it at that time." Bill
    Hodgkiss, '72, enlisted in ROTC originally in order to get the two-year
    deferment which would enable him to go to graduate school after graduation.
    And, after drawing number 344 in the draft lottery, he exited from ROTC, but
    with no regrets regarding his ROTC experience. " My conception of what the
    army was like had been terribly negative, but in ROTC I gained an apprecia
    tion of it. Being an officer is a job like any other and not such a de
    testable thing as I'd been led. to believe." Dave Carpenter, '72, first
    enlisted in ROTC because he felt that the leadership qualities he would gain
    and the contacts he would make in the army would be of benefit to him in a
    business career. After recently forming a small business of his own (in
    automobile racing), he decided he no longer needed the military exxperience,
    and left the program. A number who are in ROTC are not happy about it. One
    student ad mitted: " I have a ROTC scholar ship. That's the only reason I
    was in it at the beginning and that's the only reason I'm in it now. I don't
    really like the program." Others solely remain in ROTC be cause of low draft
    numbers which will eventually force them to enter the military. Freshmen,
    just recently in the program, were naturally more un clear about their
    reasons for being in ROTC than were upperclassmen. Many of the freshmen
    might agree with Rick Rawo, " The majority of guys are in to wait and see
    how their lottery numbers come out." But not all freshmen plan to leave ROTC
    even if they do get high lottery numbers. Some find the aca demic side of
    ROTC appealing, or feel that they may make a career of the military, as was
    evidenced in the beginning of this article. Another, less prevalent, reason
    keeps at least one freshman remain ing in ROTC: " My father made the
    decision for me. He told me that he thought I should take ROTC, and since
    he's paying for my education, I figure I ought to listen to what he says."

Heading: J A Z Z
Content: 

Heading: --with--
Content: 

Heading: CARL TUCKER
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY NOON -- 2:30
Content: 

Heading: WVBU-FM
Content: 

Heading: 90.5
Content: 

Heading: Grand Opening
Content: 

Heading: --OF--
Content: 

Heading: J^edie
Content: 

Heading: Crea
Content: 

Heading: FEATURING
Content: 

Heading: WOMEN'S WIGS &
Content: 

Heading: HAIR PIECES
Content: 

Heading: 44 NORTH FIFTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: --OPEN--
Content: 10:00 - 5:30 TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, SATURDAY 10:00 A. M. -- 9:00 P.M.
    FRIDAY

Heading: << .<< H M u ii H n w H a i n i H i i M M u n u M H U H n E
Content: 

Heading: SEEK CAMPUS REPS--CARS IN
Content: EUROPE Students & campus or ganizations to represent

Heading: U.
Content: 

Heading: S.
Content: firm for rental and purchase of tax free cars in Europe for Stu dents and
    faculty. Earn flat fee. Substantial bonus earnings plan also available. For
    application write: Dir. Student-Faculty Pro grams, Car-Tours in Europe, 555
    Fifth Ave., NY NY 10017. ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe, Legal (N.Y.)
    and Inexpen sive. Please call Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All
    in quiries confidential. MACH I '69 Stereo Tape, Spoilers, 4 Speed Hurst.
    $2375. 523-3622 After 6:00 P.M. __________________ WARFDALE W-40 stereo
    speakers 10"  woofers. Teak cabinets. $75 for the pair. Call Doug Spielman
    524-2853 or extension 1450. LOST at Sebastian Concert, Heidel berg American
    H.S. ring, Green stone, gold setting, initials JWK. If found, contact Betsy,
    1585. FOR SALE to a good freak: 1 man's wool coat, size 42, green, mid-calf
    length, similar to a long bench-warmer. Also 1 navy blue

Heading: CPO
Content: jacket, woman's size 12, worn. Call 1715 Now1

Heading: COIN
Content: & STAMP SHOP We buy U.S. silver coins. Highest prices paid. We also buy stamps,
    U.S. and foreign coins. 35 Broadway, Milton.

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: NOV. 6, 1970

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: We
Content: 

Heading: 're
Content: 

Heading: With the
Content: 

Heading: N ow
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: S w H

Heading: Interview Builds Upon Ondishko's Military Background
Content: By DAVID HAMMER This week's interview was con ducted with Colonel Joseph J. On-
    dishko, chairman of, and professor in, this University's M ilitary Sci ence
    Department. Colonel Ondishko openly discusses today's college stu dent and
    his attitudes, his own im pressions of this year's freshman class, the
    defense budget, the role of the United Nations and, among other subjects,
    the circum stances bringing him to this University (with the approval of the
    University Administration). And it is with this topic that the interview
    opens. BUCKNELLIAN: How did you, as a Colonel in the army, happen to com e
    here? ONDISHKO: I was assigned to this University, after com pleting an
    assignment at the Pentagon. They have, in the army, certain stops which they
    call 'career develop ment,' and one of the steps that you can have as a
    Colonel is to go to ROTC-type duty. A situation had existed wherein this
    University had not had a per manent PMS for som e months prior to the time
    that m y opportunity cam e up for reassignment -- so I accepted the position
    here and my assignment was approved by the University administration. I
    arrived for duty on November 10, 1969, so I've been here a little less than
    a year. B: What was your motivation for choosing a PMS position as opposed
    to another assignment in the service? O: I enjoy working with young people
    -- they're dynamic indi viduals. I thought, frankly, that the pace might be
    a little easier com pared with the hectic rat-race of some of the other jobs
    I've had in the past. B: Have your expectations been m et? O: Yes, it's
    easier than what I was doing before; the types of frus tration are different
    than they were at the Pentagon. B: Being in a college environment now, do
    you feel that the college student, in general, is preparing

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: authorized dealers of Keepsake diamonds
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market S t
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: When you know
Content: 

Heading: it's for keeps
Content: 

Heading: Happily, all your special moments together will be
Content: 

Heading: symbolized forever by your engagement and
Content: 

Heading: wedding rings. If the name, Keepsake is in the
Content: 

Heading: ring and on the tag, you are assured of fine quality
Content: 

Heading: and lasting satisfaction. The engagement
Content: 

Heading: diamond is flawless, of superb color, and precise
Content: 

Heading: cut. Your Keepsake Jeweler has
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: selection of
Content: 

Heading: many lovely styles. He's in the yellow
Content: 

Heading: pages under ''Jewelers."
Content: 

Heading: Keepsake*
Content: R E G I S T E R E D D I A M O N D R I N G S Rings from $100 to $) 0,000. T -M
    Reg. A. H. Pond Company i ----------------------- -- -----------------------
    --------------------------------------------------------

Heading: HOW  T O  PLAN YOUR E N G A G E M E N T  A N D  W E D D IN G
Content: Please send new 20 page booklet, "Planning Your Engagement and Wedding" and full
    color folder, both for only 25c. Also, tell me how to obtain the beautiful
    44 page Bride's Keepsake Book at half price. P-70 him self for a role. In
    the society he will imminently enter; is he show ing him self, in your
    opinion, to be aware of the role he will eventual ly take in the world? O:
    He is very definitely aware. The college student, today, has m ore of an
    awareness of the ac tivities of the world in general than does the college
    student of even ten years ago. People are delving m ore into the background
    of things rather than just the superficial stuff on the sur face: they're
    asking 'W hy?' where as, before, they just accepted things as Gospel, so to
    speak -- they're no longer doing that; they're looking for the reasons
    behind what is on the surface. And that 'looking' broadens an over-all
    education, no matter what subject it is that you're studying. The young
    people today, in many respects, are m ore aggressive than they used to be:
    trying to find out, not taking one answer as the answer, having an awareness
    of their surroundings, being m ore eager to participate in different en
    deavors (not all of which are just directed towards the immediate goal at
    hand -- namely, acquiring their college degree). B : Do you feel that
    college stu dents, generally, are frustrated in their searching -- and is
    there ex change from  all sides? O: I'm sure there's m ore of an opening
    from  any and all sides. B : Speaking for the 'military side,' do the armed
    services feel pressured to 'open up?' O : They're accepting the open ness
    for what it is -- an attempt at better communication than they have had in
    the past. For instance, there's been a lot of criticism  levelled at ROTC
    and the ROTC program  -- what it used to be. Just in a general sense, many
    of the people in the arm y ROTC agreed that those criticism s level led at
    the program  have not all been destructive: much of what they're saying has
    m ade for a m ore constructive program. B: Concerning criticism  of the ROTC
    program , have you seen a change in the relationship between the academ ic
    and m ilitary com munities in the recent past? O: I feel that there is a
    much closer relationship between what used to be the m ilitary environ ment
    and the academ ic environ ment -- at all levels. For exam ple, start off on
    a national level: There's a panel which holds meetings and seminars, headed
    by a Dr. Benson, which has had much to do with offering a liason between the
    academ ic com munity and the Department of De fense. At each level you reach
    as you go down the m ilitary chain of command, you find a closer tie be
    tween the academ ic and the m ili tary positions, until you get to the
    college level itself. And, just since I've been here (which, admittedly, is
    a very short tim e), I've seen a m ore m oderate feeling towards ROTC than
    had been here before -- and I'm  talking about a feeling noticed throughout
    the entire academ ic community. B : In view of this moderation (and the
    lottery), have you noticed a change in those people electing to enter the
    ROTC program ? O: I can't distinguish between what has happened here in the
    past and what is happening now, but I can give you a capsullated feeling of
    how I look at this year's fresh man class. The freshman class today has an
    awful lot of enthusiasm: I feel very strongly in favor of this year's
    freshman class, as I've seen it. I have impressions of them buckling down to
    work, wanting to do the best they can, keeping an open mind, reasonably
    inquiring. B: Besides ROTC scholarships, what do you feel motivates many of
    the freshman to choose an ROTC program  in college? O: Many men would like
    to see what a m ilitary career would offer them. B: Do you think, as
    freshmen, they can get an idea of such a career right away? O: No, not right
    away: I don't

Heading: North Front Street
Content: 

Heading: 17 Bound Avenue
Content: 

Heading: 742-9392
Content: 

Heading: 7 4 2-88 1 8
Content: 

Heading: DAN'S USED
Content: 

Heading: FURNITURE
Content: 

Heading: MILTON, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: H OURS: MON., TUES., THURS., FRI., 1:00 TO  9:00 P.M . SAT. 9:00 A :M : TO 5:00
    P.M .

Heading: CLOSED ALL D AY W ED.
Content: 

Heading: Let's Get It Straight
Content: 

Heading: DON'T
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: Some days life just doesn't seem worth living. Before you even get out of bed,
    you groan and wish you were dead. Maybe you're a young person shaken by your
    first disillu sionment with life. Maybe you're an older person who feels
    that life has passed you by. But don't commit suicide.

Heading: I
Content: can tell you something worth living for, whatever your age and condition. ------
    ZiP I !KEEPSAKE DIAMOND RINGS. BOX 90. "Here we go with the same old
    platitudes,'' you sigh. Well, maybe you can't distin guish between a
    platitude and the truth. "Everything works out for the best" is a platitude.
    "All things work together for good to those that love God, to those who are
    called according to His purpose," is the truth. Of course everything isn't
    going to work out for your good if you continue penned up in your present
    little pris on house of self-pity. Stop going around in circles and strike
    out at the tangent God Himself offers you. He has come into this world as
    Christ the Son. He has taken all your sins and weaknesses upon Himself,
    atoned for them on the cross, and offers to give you a new life for your old
    one. What do you have to do to get it? Just turn the old life over to Him
    and accept the new one. What have you got to lose? Only your misery and
    hopelessness. Listen to the age-old truths, proved by all who have trust ed
    in God. He promises you "Beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the
    gar ment of praise for the spirit of heaviness." " Come unto me," says
    Christ, "and you shall find rest for your souls." think they have 'instant
    understand ing' of what a m ilitary career is like when they walk in the
    door as freshmen -- but we do have a two- year program for those who may
    decide to join ROTC in their junior year, once they're adjusted to col lege.
    B : Moving away from  'college* questions, and regarding defense ^ spending
    Instead, do you not feel that devoting 34.6% of the Federal budget for
    defense seems unneces sary? O: There has been m ore and m ore emphasis, in
    the papers, on different critics of the present Ad ministration who say that
    we 'don't need m ore dollars for defense, but m ore defense for our
    dollars.' Whe ther I think the money's needed for defense, I'm  really not
    in a position to say; how they arrive at these budget figures, I'm  not in a
    position to say -- I don't know what -all goes into the making of the de
    fense budget. I do know, though, that the budget is scrutinized by the House
    and Senate very care fully and that the m ilitary share of the budget
    (percentage-wise) is sm aller now than it has been since 1950. B : How can
    the taxpayer be pro tected from  cost overruns which have been prevalent
    recently, ad ding to the immense budget for de fense (and offense)? O : I
    don't know. Certainly, propor tionately, we ought to receive as much for our
    dollar as we can, whether we're speaking of defense, education or whatever.
    B : You were recently awarded membership to the Infantry Officer Candidate
    School's Hall of Fam e. How did you receive that honor? O: You're recom
    mended for that, and I was recommended by a con tem porary of mine who knew
    of m y background and nominated m e to the Infantry OCS Hall of Fam e. From
    then on, it was a matter of contact between Fort Benning, Georgia Infantry
    School and m yself. B : What qualifications must one have to be recommended?
    O: Experience is one factor. Also, you have to be a graduate of OCS 1 at the
    Infantry School, obtain the rank of Colonel and have some dis tinguishing
    facet in your service. B: As a member of the m ilitary, with the 25th
    anniversary of the United Nations just passed, do you feel that its role as
    'peace-keeper* has been fulfilled? O: There is a place for a United Nations
    organization -- I would like to see it accom plish m ore than it has,
    though. People expect m ore from the organization that the organization has
    been able to pro duce. The United Nations has been worthwhile, however, if
    not from  a peace-keeping standpoint, at least from  other standpoints, such
    as set ting up the World Health Organiza tion. It's a step in the right
    direc tion. B: In a true dem ocracy, m ajority rule is of the utmost
    importance. Do you feel that m ajority rule runs this country? O: I believe
    in the elective pro cess and our form  of dem ocratic government. Believing
    that way, the two house system is a good system. I do like the system of
    checks and balances that we have, as well. B: Do you think the checks and
    balances system actually works? O: Yes, I do. B: Feeling as you do, do you
    think the vote is the citizen's most important weapon? O: Dem ocratically,
    yes, but that doesn't mean that we can discount other form s of influence
    like pres sure groups, interest groups, and the like -- they all contribute
    to change.

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: BDK 01 NOVEMBER 6, 1970 For free booklet, "S orrow -- How G od

Heading: U
Content: ses

Heading: I
Content: t ,'* write to BOX 327. RIDGEFIELD, N. J. 07657, Dept. BU

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: 

Heading: ' S
Content: 

Heading: House of Fashion
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-0790
Content: 

Heading: Ryysylainen: Bison Goalie
Content: By DAVE COULTER Six years ago this fall the soccer team at Scotia High School in
    Scotia, N.Y. found itself without a goalie. Their expected goalie was unable
    to com e out for the team  as a result of other responsibilities. Thus
    several of the team members per suaded junior Lloyd Ryysylainen, who had
    never played the game be fore, to try out for the vacated goalie position.
    Luckily he made the team and began developing " from  scratch" along with
    the rest of the squad. Believing that one " learns from errors,"  Lloyd
    admits to learning a lot playing behind their often penetrated defense.
    However this experience was certainly not wast ed, as he has proven in his
    per form ance for the Bisons. As a result of his high school ex perience the
    BU goalie appreciates a good defensive backfield and he has only words of
    praise for this season's squad. Even though the Bisons lost two all-MAC
    fullbacks, he feels that this year's defense, led by such standouts as Larry
    Greenwood, is stronger than last year's. The goalie is the " quarterback of
    the defense,"  Lloyd explaines. " He must know the positions and direct the
    play."  Furthermore, the goalie is awarded the opportunity to make the "
    final mistake." Lloyd recognizes the great dif ferences between his required
    skill in the use of his body, hands, and feet, and his teammates, and sights
    the affective utilization of these special capabilities as the m ost dif
    ficult thing for a goalie to learn. The particular " ability to be able to
    judge whether or not to com e out of die cage to intercept a lob pass or to
    grab a loose ball"  is to him the m ost important of the talents a goalie
    must acuire. The m ajor weakness of the Bisons is the lack of a " high
    powered scor ing attack."  Lloyd believes that this is a combination of the
    team 's " lack of experience and the absence of the coordination necessary
    to play together well as a team ." As in any sport, the Blue goalie
    professes, the " m ajor thing in soc cer is teamwork." * Lloyd feels the "
    hustle"  of the players and the " inspiring leader ship of the juniors and
    seniors" have been essential to the Bison's success this season. He also
    sees the great " opti mism"  of the squad and the action of " the team
    working together, with everyone for each other"  as two of the other key
    factors in their win ning ways. The guiding influence of Coach Reynolds
    provides an extra advan tage for the Bisons in Lloyd's opin ion. The BU
    goalie comments, " The Coach expects one hundred plus percent from  everyone
    in practice and in the game. However it is seldom  that someone does not
    want to work; Coach Reynolds just seems to instill in us a pride to win, for
    the Coach and the team." The unbeaten record of the Bisons at home this year
    is to Lloyd an indication of the support the fans have given the team. He
    suggests m , that it is " the fans, too, that make IliBIIIIMIIllBiniBilillW
    BBII-- a soccer team ,"  and adds a " big thank you for the team for the
    general spirit"  of their supporters. The Bison " defensive qparter- back"
    has great hopes for the re mainder of the season, as he be lieves their team
    " has not yet played to its full potential."  He ex pects a demanding
    challenge in the upcoming clash with league- lead ing Delaware which will
    either " de stroy any hope, or be a giant step toward die crown." He
    definitely is eager to see the Bisons advance into the finals and battle W
    estchester, their highly- rated rival, for the MAC title. Looking into the
    future Lloyd pre dicts winning records for the Blue soccerm en in the next
    three or four seasons, if the young nucleus stays together and continues to
    develop as a team. However, right now the m ost im portant event in the
    future of the BU hooters and goalie U oyd Ry ysylainen is Saturday's
    decisive game with Delaware. T his effort will undoubtedly test

Heading: Bisonettes Go to G-burg
Content: 

Heading: For Post-Season Tourney
Content: Lloyd Ryysylainen (photo by Chris Olson) the ability of the entire team and its
    senior goalie, as together they challenge the leader in the contest for the
    MAC division crown. By LIZA EDGELL This Friday the field hockey team is
    going to Gettysburg for the Sus quehanna Field Hockey Association
    Tournament. Twelve girls are go ing. Kathy Kellog is going as left wing.
    Kathy was selected last year and played on Susquehanna Team II in the Mid-
    East Tournament. Su Gant will play left inner. This will be Su's last
    tournament. The center forward is Gina Ambrose, a fresh man who is an asset
    to the team. Another freshman, Nancy Buck- waiter, is going as the right
    inner. Nancy just joined the team to fill in for Eue Styer, who is unable to
    play. Nancy is a good player and adjusted well to a new position. Jill
    Schlichter is going as right wing, a position she took over after Widgett
    Crane's injury in the Lock Haven game. Jill has been doing very well at
    wing.

Heading: The Intramural Situation
Content: 

Heading: INTRAMURAL STANDINGS
Content: 

Heading: KS
Content: 

Heading: LCA
Content: 

Heading: DU
Content: 

Heading: TKE
Content: 

Heading: PKP
Content: 

Heading: SAE
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: 

Heading: IND
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: KDR
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: E
Content: 

Heading: SPE
Content: 

Heading: PGD
Content: 

Heading: RAM
Content: 

Heading: TX
Content: 

Heading: SX
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: TDX
Content: 

Heading: SAM
Content: a S3

Heading: H
Content: 13.5 10.5 18 16 10.5 10.5 13 22.5 18 13 10.5 10.5 10.5 10.5 10.5

Heading: 11
Content: 10.5 10.5 a a *g <3

Heading: K
Content: 26 22 37.5 20 28.5 33 24.5 4 18 24 25 6 16 28.5 4 7.5 18 y o

Heading: OT
Content: 73 66 42 59 55 50.5 55 63 50 50.5 40 55 42 26 38 36 38 26 20 s

Heading: B
Content: 3 5 Jack Schmidt

Heading: LCA
Content: 

Heading: D
Content: 3 5 Randy Goat

Heading: KS
Content: 

Heading: E
Content: 3 5 Front Line 8 o Semi Finals Don Dickson

Heading: TKE
Content: 

Heading: H
Content: SAE beat A Jon Pease

Heading: LCA
Content: 112.5 DU beat PKP Blake Nicholson " C" 98.5 Finals Jim McGrath

Heading: PGD
Content: 97.0 DU beat SAE John Moser

Heading: PKP
Content: 95.0 94.0 94.0 92.5 89.5 86.0 77.5 75.5 71.5 68.5 65.0 52.5 47.0 45.5 44.0 30.5
    18.5

Heading: IM HANDBALL
Content: 

Heading: DU
Content: 

Heading: PAD
Content: 

Heading: LCA
Content: 

Heading: RAM
Content: 

Heading: TDX
Content: 

Heading: SAE
Content: 

Heading: KS
Content: 

Heading: KDR
Content: 

Heading: SAM
Content: 

Heading: IND
Content: 

Heading: PKP
Content: 

Heading: SPE
Content: 

Heading: TKE
Content: 

Heading: SX
Content: 

Heading: TX
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: League 1 8 6 4 1 0 League 2 7 6 5 1 0 League 3 7 4 4 2 0 League 4 5 5 0 2 4 7 8
    1 2 3 7 8 1 4 4

Heading: 6
Content: 8

Heading: IM SOCCER ALL-STAR TEAM
Content: First Team Goal Lou Kissling

Heading: KS
Content: Fullback Ron Stemiak

Heading: LCA
Content: Len Dillinger

Heading: SX
Content: Bob Schrerer

Heading: IND
Content: Halfback Dave Decker

Heading: SPE
Content: Ray Baxter

Heading: PKP
Content: Bill Fifield

Heading: KS
Content: Doug McClellan

Heading: KS
Content: Front Line Kent Kisenbauer

Heading: IND
Content: Alan Shiffler

Heading: LCA
Content: Ed Smith

Heading: SX
Content: Rod Davis

Heading: KS
Content: Second Team Goal Larry Rapoport

Heading: LCA
Content: Fullback Warren Mack

Heading: KS
Content: Chet Smith

Heading: PKP
Content: Halfback Rob Seltzer " C" "F or ithe task o f p reven t in g the new  generation
    from changing in  any deep or significant w ay is precisely w hat m ost
    societies require o f th eir educators." G eorge B. L eonard

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 11:00 A K  SUNDAY

Heading: Vaughan lit Library
Content: The halfbacks, Ronnie Hilles, Marge Deck and Donna McNeal, have played well all
    year and should do very well at Gettysburg. Ronnie, the right halfback, was
    honorable mention at the tourna ment last year. Marge, the ce n t<< half,
    was considered last year. Both Marge and Donna have good chances this year.
    M arji Janda is going as left full back and Karen Sharman is going as right
    fullback, oth girls can play a very good brand of hockey. This will be M
    arji's second tournament and Karen's first. Liza Egdell, at goalie, rounds
    out the starting players. The twelfth player is Sharon Smith. She is a back-
    up goalie and will play if anyone on the team  is injured.

Heading: leer's Schedule
Content: 1970-71 Hockey Schedule Dec. 5 Lehigh Albeth Ice Arena Allentown Pa. Dec. 8
    Lafayette Albeth Ice Arena Feb. 7 Rutgers Gen'l. Wash Country Club, Valley
    Forge, Pa. Feb. 11 Villanova Radner Rink Villanova Feb. 14 Westchester St.
    Albeth Ice Arena Feb. 22 Academy of the New Church Gen'l. Wash Country Club
    March 13. North Penn Eagles Albeth Ice Arena << ja i3 C * >> >> << < x * * *
    * * * i^

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: PHONE 524-0744

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: 

Heading: For A nti-Establishm ent Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 400 Market Street Lewisburg, Pa. Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind of
    livin g ............ You can do your own kind of dressing in fashions from

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: ask for your free copy of RAGS magazine ............ #H I iiiiihidi
    #iiaiiiiiaiiinaiiiiaiiHnHiBa

Heading: B. B. KING
Content: 

Heading: LIVE!
Content: 

Heading: -- AT
Content: 

Heading: THE--
Content: 

Heading: Capitol Theatre
Content: 

Heading: FOURTH STRUT, WILLIAMSPORT, PA.
Content: 

Heading: NOVEMBER 12, 1970 9:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: Tickets: $5.00, $4.00, $3.00
Content: #

Heading: I  Checks payable to  Lycom ing C ollege C o n ce rt
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: C o m m ittee
Content: 

Heading: "
Content: 

Heading: c /o  C a p ito l Theatre
Content: 

Heading: Holiday Bound?
Content: 

Heading: Stop sitting
Content: 

Heading: around !
Content: 

Heading: Allegheny's Young Adult Card lets you
Content: 

Heading: fly whenever you want to (even holidays),
Content: 

Heading: gives you advance reservations and
Content: 

Heading: saves you up to 33Vb %.
Content: 

Heading: If you're between 12 and 22,
Content: 

Heading: what are you waiting for?
Content: 

Heading: Stop by an Allegheny Airlines
Content: 

Heading: ticket counter and purchase
Content: 

Heading: your Young Adult Card.
Content: 

Heading: Only $5.00 for the rest
Content: 

Heading: of 1970.
Content: 

Heading: And remember, Allegheny
Content: 

Heading: also accepts other
Content: 

Heading: airlines Young Adult
Content: 

Heading: Cards, too.
Content: 

Heading: ALLEGHENY AIR SYSTEM
Content: 

Heading: We have a lot more going for you
Content: NOVEMBER 6, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SEVEN
Content: 1 3^

Heading: Bisons Challenge Colgate Risht 0n!
Content: 

Heading: Despite Long Injury List
Content: 

Heading: Polomen Enter Easterns;
Content: 

Heading: Face Cornell in Rematch
Content: 

Heading: SB
Content: 

Heading: M R
Content: m a  *' --w > * 'v-j ,

Heading: . V,
Content: Bison Quarterback Howie Burke (10) rolls out on a play action pattern. Howie has
    demonstrated his ability to move the offense in past games and will have to
    again Saturday against the ig Red of Colgate. Helping out on the play with
    devistating blocks are Jim Cassidy (81) and John Klenovic. (photo by Matt
    Kuhn)

Heading: gim
Content: u #*%?* SSI -, * . - > .j By JIM NORTHRIDGE The Blue and Orange are search ing
    high and low for a miracle cure. The Big Blue are hurting-bad. The injury
    list reads like a telephone directory. Hurt in last week's loss to Rut gers
    and lost for the season are George Clayton and Gene Depew. Clayton has
    started at defensive guard all season but he suffered a broken leg while co-
    captain Gene Depew anchored the Bison's defensive line from his left tackle
    slot. He has an operation on his shoulder scheduled for today. Others who
    will definitely miss the Colgate game and possibly the rest of the season
    are Tom Con nolly and Tarras Onischenko, both with knee injuries.
    Questionable starters for this weekend are Jim Cassidy and Tony Lucadamo.
    Cassidy reinjured his leg against the Scarlet Knights while Lucadamo's
    recovery from a knee ailment has not progressed as fast as the coaches have
    hoped. Obviously Coach Fred Prender will have to do some reshuffling in
    order to face the invading Red Raiders from Colgate and give them a new
    deal. Colgate has a 4-4 record but has polished its offensive and defensive
    units until now they are in excellent shape. Steve Goepel, a 6-2 strongboy
    is at his second year as head of the Raider's offense. The senior quarter
    back has operated a smooth attack behind an experienced line. He has
    completed 94 of 195 passes for 1255 yards and eight touchdowns. He is also
    an excellent punter and field goal kicker. Head Raider Coach, Neil Wheel
    wright, dropped his star running back in the beginning of the season for
    disciplinary reasons but the team has displayed greater unity and fullback
    Steve Morgan has bulled his way for 290 yards in his last two games to take
    up the slack. Goebel's favorite receivers are flanker Steve Fraser with 29
    re ceptions for 502 yards and split end Steve Saxton with 18 grabs for 290
    yards. Prender is forced to go with a younger, inexperienced line with his
    backs as the team's strong points offensively and defensively. By MARK
    KNODERER The water polo club travels to Cornell this weekend to participate
    in the Eastern Water Polo Championships. The eight top teams from the East
    and New England clash for the crown. Participating in the tournament will be
    the three top teams from New England League, Harvard, North eastern, and
    M.LT., and the four top teams from the Eastern League, Yale, Army, Cornell,
    and Bucknell. On Saturday the Bisons play a round-robin tourna ment with the
    teams in their division, Harvard, the New England champion, Northeastern,
    and Cornell. On Sunday the top two teams from each division clash for the
    championship. The rest of the season can be forgotten, for this tour nament
    determines the rankings in the East this year. Last year the Bisons jelled
    at exactly the right time and went on to take second place. This year's team
    has suffered several setbacks, but still has the potential to turn a
    successful season. The club has blazing speed. With freshman Steve Winnings
    and Bob Richards adding their speed to that of Paul Landes, Peter 'Keeffe,
    and Rob Worthem, they fPf . i # WE^E e

Heading: IEMIL
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: " ' tE lE * * - ***- - >> 'A'- <<SR sSaeEEf&mEEEE m ###i

Heading: ..
Content: a s aasBiSS >>a. .!V  f v r 4. j

Heading: fc>>
Content: 

Heading: '-.'i- * - *
Content: 

Heading: '
Content: ' ; - The leading scorer for the polomen, Paul Landes, whips a shot past the
    Cornell goalie in last weekend's tournament. Landes has scored 55 goals so
    far this season. (photo by Matt Kuhn) Dyke Edwards setting up the offense
    against Cornell. The polomen have been having a little trouble hitting the
    open man but Coach Russell is expecting improve ment this weekend. (photo by
    Matt Kuhn) can pull a fast break at any time. Coach Russell feels that ball
    handling and water polo "instinct" have been spotty, but seem to be on the
    upswing. The club has rolled up some fine statistics. In seven teen games
    the club has averaged 14.7 goals a game, with the A team alone averaging
    16.9. The opposition has averaged 9.5 goals per game. Fouls have hurt the
    Bisons in several games this year, but they have actually been outfouled by
    the op position. The Club has fouled an average of 18.0 per game, while they
    have been fouled an average of 19.5 a game. The scoring leader is, of
    course, co-captain Paul Landes. In the twelve games he has played in, Landes
    has scored 55 goals. Second high scorer is Steve Win nings with 30, followed
    by Peter O'Keeffe with 26. The race for the fouling lead is very dose. Dyke
    Edwards heads the pack with 32, but hot on his heels are Duke Otto with 30,
    Bob Richards with 29, Winnings with 28, and Landes with 25. One fine figure
    does not seem very impressive, how ever: the won-lost mark of 9-8. Cornell,
    Army, and Yale have all beaten the A team twice, and the B team has lost to
    Cornell and the A team. This weekend the club will get their last, and most
    important shot, at im proving this figure.

Heading: Luccarelli Bests Yardage Mark;
Content: 

Heading: Surpasses Interception Record
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL With an interception in the Rut gers game last Saturday,
    defensive halfback Gene Luccarelli became the leading pass interceptor in Bi
    son history. "Luke," has intercepted 16 passes in three years, to eclipse
    the old record of 15 set by Stan Butter- worth in 1952.

Heading: Booters Rampage
Content: Fullback Larry Greenwood and the rest of the Bison pitchmen will take on the lue
    Hens of Delaware in a must game Saturday that de termines the winner of the
    Western Division of the MAC. Along with this victory goes the right to chal
    lenge Westchester for the champion ship. Larry was the most recent booter to
    be named "Player of the Week" by soccer Coach Craig Rey nolds. (photo by
    Chris Olsen) Earlier in the season, Gene set a return yardage record and has
    now picked up 128 yards on 8 pass thefts. Also he is only 2 shy of breaking
    the single season record for interceptions. Luccarelli credited his free
    safety position as the key reason for his great number of pass thefts. "As a
    free safety, I have no one in particular to cover and can watch the
    quarterback. Most col lege passers are unable to look one way and pass
    another so I can get a clue to where the pass is going by watching his
    eyes." Due to several injuries to de fensive backs the past few games,
    "Luke" has been switched to comer- back, giving him a definite man to cover.
    He expects that his inter ception opportunities will decrease as a result,
    in the final three games of the season. Gene considers agility as the most
    important asset for a defensive halfback. "Quick reactions more than sheer
    speed are important in covering a receiver. The offensive man knows where he
    is going, so for the de fensive back it is just a question of recovering
    from the receivers fakes." As well as playing defensive back, Luccarelli
    also runs back punts and kickoffs. He terms communication with the other
    deep man as vital in kick and punt returns. "Luke" ex pressed disappointment
    however that the Bisons have not been able to break any punt returns for
    long gains this year. An exceptional all-around athlete, Gene is captain of
    the baseball team in the spring. He has started every game since his
    sophomore year and batted an impressive .321 last season. Although "Luke"
    has been a de fensive halfback in football since his sophomare year, he
    admits that he has always had a desire to play offense.

Heading: Volleyball Triumph
Content: . The winners of the Women's Rec reational Association vollyball tour nament
    have been announced. They are the girls of the sopho more class captained by
    Deb Jac obs. The other members of the team include Marge Deck, Debbie Wilk
    inson, Julie Savant, Sheari Cappell, Linda Smith, Bev Heyward, and Anneve
    Yarr. ----- WHATS PLAYING? -----

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: EUR3SBH
Content: 

Heading: Tonight, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday
Content: 

Heading: Barnabas Collins, V&tttpire,
Content: 

Heading: takes a bride in a bizarre act
Content: 

Heading: of unnatural love.
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: NOV. 6,

Heading: H U NGRY!!!!!
Content: 

Heading: CALL CAMPUS DELIVER SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: 5
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: -

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: 5
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: NOW  DEUVERING
Content: 

Heading: PIZZAS. HOAGIES, SANDWICHES & SOFT DRINKS
Content: 

Heading: Sunday through Thursday
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 p.m- to Midnight
Content: 1970

Heading: Come see how thevampiresdoit
Content: SHOW TIMES 7:00 --  9:00

Heading: Dateline: The Campus
Content: By CATHLEEN EVANS Mike Blakely of the University of Kansas, Model U.N Council
    Chairman, is available for guidance in setting up your model U.N. program.
    He was elected by the participants of the 25th Annual Stu dent Leadership
    Institute in World Affairs. His address is: KU-y, Room 110-B Kansas Union,
    University of .Kansas, Lawrence, Kansas. A current exhibit of rare books and
    manuscripts at Temple's library features the original transcript of the
    "Boys in the Band." Also included is a letter signed by H. C. Mencken to
    Leary's book store, advising them not to buy a copy of St. Augustine's "City
    of God" for him, because "I can steal a copy from the Archdiocesan library."
    Other bool<< shown sue the first edition of Robert Louis Stevenson's
    "Kidnapped" and John Donne's treatise on suicide, "Bianthanatos." Reports to
    the Eastern Psychiatric Research Association in dicate that white student
    activists use more drugs (heroin, LSD, marijuana) than their black
    counterparts. According to the N. Y. Times, "among white students who were
    actively concerned with changing society, there was an increased tendency to
    consume drugs that produce euphoria and sharply altered and decreased the
    perception of reality." Whites apparently do not share black's hostility
    towards heroin, and, in addition, are rebelling against "the values of their
    culture orientation." The N. Y. Times reports that of the candidates
    supported by Movement for a New Congress, eight won and six lost in the
    Senate, and 24 won while 30 lost in the House. A leader in the Movement,
    Professor Henry Beinen of Princeton states that they had a "real impact on a
    limited but significant number of elections" despite student apathy. "The
    turnout of students was still vastly higher than that of adults."

Heading: Weekend Concert, Drama
Content: 

Heading: Fete Black Contributions
Content: The first in a series of Afro- American symposia will be held Friday through
    Monday, when men and women who are contributing in a significant way to the
    under standing of the black experience in society, will come to the
    University campus. The first symposium is designed as a vehicle on which to
    build an awareness of the contributions of the blacks to American life, as
    well as the special problems -- political, social, cultural, and economical
    -- which exist for a racial minority. A musical performance by mem b ers of
    the Society of Black Com posers at 8:30 p.m. Friday will open the three-day
    program. Titled New Music by Black Composers, it will be varied works for
    assorted com binations of instruments that in clude piano, flute,
    percussion, saxo phone, cello, and double bass. The following evening at
    8:30 p.m. in Coleman Theatre, James Mapp, a television figure and organizer
    of the Playward Bus Company, will bring this company to the campus to
    present African Heaven, and God's Trombones. The first is a program of
    dances celebhating the jay and dignity of being black. God's Trombones is
    James Weldon Johnson's evoca tion of the black man's search for identity and
    pride in his sermons and spirituals. Main speaker for the symposium will be
    Dr. Charles V. Hamilton, professor of urban studies at Co lumbia University.
    With Stokley Carmichael he is co-author of "Black Power: The Politics of Lib
    eration in America." He is also althor of the recent publications "The
    Politics of Black publications "The Politics of Black of Black America." In
    his address in Coleman Theatre at 8 p.m. Sun day he will speak on the topic
    They Demand Relevance: Black Students (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 18
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 10. 1970
Content: 

Heading: JSudmellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: University Makes 'Special Effort'
Content: 

Heading: In Recruitment of Black Faculty
Content: By LYNDA ROSCOE Leon Pacala, Dean of the college of Arts and Sciences, said this
    week that the University will make "special effort" to consider as many
    black candidates as possible for faculty positions in the depart ments where
    vacancies are likely to occur next year. The Dean's statement came after a
    meeting with the sub-committee on Afro-American studies and the affected
    department heads. Pacala, in commenting on the meeting last week, said that,
    "In recruiting by those departments in which staff vacancies will be av
    ailable next year, special effort will be made to consider as many black
    candidates as possible." The departments involved are those of English,
    Sociology, Psy chology, Political Science, Music, Foreign Languages, and
    Education. The departments of Mathematics and Natural Sciences were exclud
    ed because of the unliklihood of black studies being offered in these
    subjects.

Heading: mm
Content: 

Heading: IflS(tm)
Content: 

Heading: M K T
Content: 

Heading: Sii
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: w m m

Heading: II
Content: i?MjPS m ill

Heading: Shapes
Content: John C. Beckley, assistant Professor of Art, is shown here beside one of his
    works on display in the second floor gallery of the library. (photo by Dong
    Abdelnour) When asked about the meeting, Professor Harvey Powers, chair man
    of the Sub-committee, re ported that no specific recommen dations had been
    made to the chairmen of those departments in which a likelihood of openings
    for new professors existed. Instead, they had informally dis cussed "the
    desirability of trying to hire several black professors, rather than only
    one, next year." "One of the reasons behind this particular approach,"
    Professor Powers explained, "is the recogni tion that in the past,
    individual de partments have unsuccessfully tried to hire black professors."
    "One reason for their lack of success," he continued, "was that the
    prospective candidate did not want to be the first and only black member of
    the faculty." Professor Powers then stated that an informal recommendation
    had therefore been made for a con certed effort in hiring more than one
    black professor. A second topic discussed at the meeting, he reported was
    "the pos sibility of hiring one black faculty member specifically as a co-
    ordi nator or consultant who would give us guidance in establishing a Black
    Studies program at Bucknell." "The committee," he explained, "had been
    established to study the problem of a Black Studies pro gram at Bucknell and
    to then make recommendations." Incorporation into appropriate courses of
    hitherto neglected di mensions of the black existence has been suggested by
    the com mittee an an interim measure. He also mentioned the possibility of
    establishing courses in Black Literature, History of the Black Man, and
    urban politics. An inter departmental or inter-disciplinary major might be
    devised from such courses. The sub-committee is currently working on the
    polls submitted to the Faculty and the ABS. Profes sor Powers commented that
    "Hope fully more recommendations will be forthcoming from what we will have
    found in the polls." He stressed that the sub-com mittee is not charged with
    the hir ing of black professors. Rather this can only be done on the depart
    mental level with the approval of the Dean of the College of Arts and
    Sciences and the Provost. Professor Powers pointed out the tight market on
    black scholars now existing, due to the fact that they are being sought by
    every reputable university. He noted that efforts to arrange exchange
    professorships for black professors here as an in terim measure had been
    success ful because of the present short age.

Heading: Funding Committee
Content: 

Heading: Appropriated $9000
Content: A cooperative committee for fund ing student programs has been set up through
    the cooperation of stu dent groups and University offici als. In conjunction
    with the Associa tion of Bucknell students, The As sociated Women students,
    the Form er Men's Coordinating council, the individual classes, the Dean of
    Student Affairs, and the officer of the Vice President of Business and
    Finance the Committee will distri bute funds, "to invite program ideas and
    initiative from student organizations and individuals," ac cording to James
    Hammerlee, Di rector of Student Programs. The voting membership of the
    committee consists of the ABS treasurer and recording secretary, the four
    class Presidents, the AWS President and the former MCC president. Advisers
    without vote are Mrs. Emil J. Polak director of calendering, Mr. Robert
    Shimer, the University's Bursar, and Ham merlee. The committee, keeps a
    separate account managed by the ABS treasurer and Mr. Shimer, replaces the
    former ABS "lectureship" com mittee. The assets of the Cooperative
    (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Geiger Has Key to Locked Door in Roberts Basement
Content: By NANCY GRDEN 'The Federal Reserve Relocation Office is just like an insurance
    policy," explained Mrs. Walter C. Geiger, manager of the Center lo cated in
    Roberts Hall. "You hate to have the expense in time and money that it
    requires, but, in an emergency, you are glad that you made the investment."
    That is, in essence, the purpose of the Relocation Office. It is an al
    ternate base of operations for the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadel phia,
    and it serves as a repository for vital records. v. It is also an
    administrative head quarters for information and ser vice. No money is
    stored here. Through the records of daily transactions sent each day to the
    Center, it is possible to reconstruct the accounts for the banks in the
    third district. If for any reason the Band of Phi ladelphia could not
    operate, such as in a time of emergency, the Relocation Office could serve
    to advise and assist the banks and businesses in the district so that they
    could continue to operate. This emergency planning is under the general
    jurisdiction of the Treasury Department and the Fed eral Reserve System.
    Also, even though the Center does not contain all of the intricate infor
    mation that is kept in Philadel phia, it could reconstruct this in-

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: ''O
Content: n M

Heading: I M
Content: Many students walk by this door every day but few know what is in side. For an
    inside look see page 3. (photo by Dave Hill) formation on the basis of the
    vital records stored in the Center. The Relocation Office is present ly
    leasing space from the Univer sity in the basement of Roberts Hall. However,
    according to John Zeller, Vice President of Business and Finance, the
    University may not renew the lease for the Reloca tion Office, which will
    terminate in a few years. The University needs the space for expanding its
    own facilities, and the space would be used for what ever is most urgently
    needed for when the lease expires. When the Relocation Office first moved
    here, it was located on the second floor of the Carnegie Build ing, over the
    Bookstore, in a room used by the University as storage space. It rented this
    area from 1955 to 1961. When the University needed more space for the
    Geology Department, the Center moved out of the Car negie Building into the
    basement of Roberts Hall. It incorporated space that had been vacated by the
    University's duplicating machine department and the post office when they
    moved into their new locations in Marts Hall. The Center moved into these
    quarters in July of 1961. The Center paid for the costs of all improvements
    in the space rent ed. Tins includes the moderniza tion of one large room
    used for general office purposes and storage of records, and the renovation
    of several storage areas into rooms used for conferences and for keep ing
    office equipment and teletype machines. These improvements then become a
    part of the property of the University. The Relocation Office also makes
    every attempt to avoid imposing on the University. Any services done for the
    Center and any use of the facilities of the University, such as the computer
    center, duplicating the computer center, duplicating services, etc., are
    paid for by the Federal Reserve Bank. The policy of the Center in this
    respect is "Do not make a request or use the University facilities if it
    interferes with the University's needs - the University first." Before
    moving into its present location, the Center was located at Ursinus College,
    but it was moved here because any disaster that would affect Philadelphia
    would al- (Continued on Page 3) Mrs. Walter Geiger manager of the Federal
    Reserve Relocation office in Roberts Hall explained the pur pose of the
    office in an interview this week. (photo by Bob Arnold)

Heading: V
Content: 

Heading: III
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: E
Content: s I w

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: ABS:
Content: 

Heading: The Uninformed
Content: 

Heading: After attending several meetings of
Content: 

Heading: the Association of Buicknell Students a
Content: 

Heading: person could get very discouraged. The
Content: 

Heading: members of the ABS are supposed to be
Content: 

Heading: the representative voice of the student
Content: 

Heading: body. They, above all others, should be
Content: 

Heading: knowledgeable concerning the affairs of
Content: 

Heading: the University. It is obvious that no one
Content: 

Heading: can make intelligent decisions unless he
Content: 

Heading: has full and complete understanding of
Content: 

Heading: the situation.
Content: 

Heading: However, it is clear that several
Content: 

Heading: members of the ABS have not read or do
Content: 

Heading: not understand the Senate Document
Content: 

Heading: now pending before them. This lack of
Content: 

Heading: knowledge manifests itself in many
Content: 

Heading: ways: a general lack of discussions con
Content: 

Heading: cerning the rammifications of proposed
Content: 

Heading: amendments, the asking and reasking
Content: 

Heading: of questions that have been answered
Content: 

Heading: previously, the dearth of proposed am-
Content: 

Heading: mendments from many of the voting
Content: 

Heading: members of the ABS, and the lack of at
Content: 

Heading: tendance by several members. It seems
Content: 

Heading: that in several instances many of the
Content: 

Heading: better proposals and much of the inform
Content: 

Heading: ed liscussion has come from one of two
Content: 

Heading: groups: those who are not ABS voting
Content: 

Heading: members, and the Steering Committee
Content: 

Heading: (officers).
Content: 

Heading: The Bucknellian Editorial Board
Content: 

Heading: believes that the Association of Buck
Content: 

Heading: nell Students could be a useful and im
Content: 

Heading: portant group, and it has responsibili
Content: 

Heading: ties to every part of the community. Due
Content: 

Heading: to the preeminent position which the
Content: 

Heading: ABS holds in student affairs, we feel
Content: 

Heading: that it is the obligation of each member
Content: 

Heading: to come to each meeting fully prepared
Content: 

Heading: and to participate in a rational and in
Content: 

Heading: formed manner. This is the only way the
Content: 

Heading: ABS can responsibly carry out its func
Content: 

Heading: tions.
Content: 

Heading: FEEDBACK: Diploma
Content: T o the Editor: It is my sad lot to relate to all of you still 'gathered on the
    hill of learning a tale of such sorrow that it grieves me to even
    contemplate its telling. Oh, it's not m y story. Let m e make that dear.
    But, rather, it is the story of a friend who finds himself incapable of any
    type of communication with his friends at the moment. Yet surely his tale
    must be heard. It seems our friend was destined to becom e enshrined by
    Bucknell University as one fit to enter the world of real life, vintage nine
    teen hundred and seventy. Being fully humbled by the thought (how well I can
    attest to that!), our man- to-be gathered what strength he had remaining
    after four long and tiring years and headed for Marts Hall. Why you ask? Our
    friend was not known as a lover of white shirts and ties and freshly
    starched smil ing faces and well he knew their w ily ways. They had been
    known to perform  unnatural deeds before and surely now there was no reason
    to suspect that they would perform otherwise. But what is his wish? Why is
    our friend venturing into Marts? With what burning question on his lips?
    Lead us on no further!. The answer, dear friends, is a sim ple one. He m
    erely wished to know if there were any reprecussions to follow him  all the
    rest of the days of his life should he decide that the over whelming
    grandeur of the actual cerem ony into manhood was too much for his frail
    sensibility to endure. Should he decide,mind you. Being, as I said, well
    accustomed with their ways, our friend knew to phrase the question very
    indirectdy (the windows at Marts merely create the illusion of speaking di
    rectly to the person on the other side). Much to our com rade's lack of
    surprise, there was indeed a grave, grave penalty to be endured. To whit:
    the very sym bol of manhood itself (curious that it should be called a
    sheepskin) was to be with held!. Attendance was mandatory! (Honor, I have
    read somewhere, is never to be bestowed on those who seek it). Where was our
    com rade to turn? Fortunately, there were appeal rights, as our friend
    learned. One could, if one so desired, clim b the Marts Hall ladder (the
    same one, not so surprisingly, that the office holder had clim bed before
    you so as to arrive there ahead of you and be there when you get there).
    Fortunately also, the ladder at Bucknell is considerably shorter than at
    many other similar insti tutions. Unfortunately, but seem ingly justified,
    taking all into ac count, one is rewarded according to the distance one has
    climbed. Therefore our friend was not un duly surprised to discover that the
    view  from  the top of the short ladder revealed the door of the of fice of
    the provost Before I go on, a few words, with your kind permission, about
    the state of mind of our warrior as he prepares to do battle with the king's
    right hand man. He was, in a word, incensed (lovely w ord!). Humility, to
    his ever m ore fur ious m ind, was to be acknowledged, even by those who
    possessed none; one had the right not to be honored (suspecting very
    strongly, as he did, that a close examination might reveal that the chalice
    contained not wine but dirty, polluted Sus quehanna River water). He had
    every intention of demanding the aforementioned rights, dear friends, but
    alas! a m ost uncanny twist of linguistic fate robbed him of his very
    breath! What I mean to say is that the provost's finely honed mind was at
    its peak. Upon receiving our furious warrior into his den, he promptly
    proceeded with several bold and masterful strokes of logic to whit tle our
    com rade into a m ere pile of shavings, helpless before his m aster. (M
    asters, of which the pro vost is surely one, are a m ost curious phenomenon,
    it will surely be agreed.) A friend once remarked to m e that it is as if m
    asters controlled the rain and, if one decided that he would like to remain
    dry, the masters would kindly allow you to seek shelter. Nay, they would
    even lead you to shelter. Having found same, they would then only ask for
    their just reward. To whit: you must allow the rain to fall on you inside
    your shelter. You are then only left with the rather curious m etaphysical
    task of decisions whether or not you are wet! But I stray from  my tale.
    Indeed I must hurry, lest my story remain untold due to my fondness for dis
    tractions. Perhaps I would be pur suing the most direct course if I
    attempted to recreate that infamous conversation that took place that day,
    as it was related to m e later on that evening. Our gallant com rade knocked
    on the door, received admittance, and has sat down. Here, if my memory
    serves m e faithfully, is basically what fol lowed : Provost: What seem s to
    be the problem? Friend: No problem  at all. Just a matter of preservation of
    my freedom of choice (He's lost the provost already, poor lad) Provost: Oh?
    Friend: I really don't care to at tend graduation exercises. P : Well that's
    no problem. You don't have to com e. I can't see why you wouldn't want to
    though; it's really a lovely cerem ony. F : I have m y reasons but they are
    personal and I really don't care to go into them. But that is not the issue.
    The issue is simply that I will not be forced to attend a cerem ony that is
    supposed to be for me. P : And you don't have to. F :I was told downstairs
    that I wouldn't get my diploma. P: That's right. You won't get until the
    next batch are shipped out. F : When's that? P : Next January. F: But why? P
    : Well, you are showing no par ticular interest in getting it, why should we
    be so interested in get ting it to you? (If you could have only seen the
    look in our friend's eyes as he related that particular line to m e) F : I'm
    not interested in the di ploma. You know, I could care less about that
    worthless piece of paper. It's useless, right? P : Oh yes, I quite agree. F
    : So let's not fool ourselves that you're really punishing me as far as the
    diploma is concerned. P:Fine.

Heading: :THE SIDESHOW1
Content: 

Heading: The Politics of Apathy
Content: -B y DAVID W EINBERGER; F:W ell, if we're agreed on that, then why is the
    administration trying to punish me by withhold ing something that's of no
    value? P : 'Listen, as long as the diploma is of no value to you, then just
    skip the cerem ony. Our policy isn't adversely affecting you. F : But I
    demand to get m y diploma at the sam e time as the others do P : Why? F :
    Because I've earned it and you have no right to keep it from  me. P:But
    we're already agreed that it's useless so there's nothing to get excited
    about. As is by now plain to the ob server, our friend had found him self in
    quite a semantic pickle. How to talk about the diploma and yet not talk
    about the diploma at all? How indeed. Our friend later re marked to m e that
    he knew he was speakmg logically and coherently and yet he felt extrem ely
    frustrated for he seem ed to exert no influence over his own words. But,
    upon leaving the provost's office, our friend must have cer tainly becom e
    aware of an aspect of the conversation that had not struck him while he was
    in the of fice. For he was seen and heard im mediately following his ordeal
    chuckling to him self and possessed of a very strange glint in his eye (at
    least that is what I have been told by someone who saw him in the halls of
    Vaughan Lit.) Anyway, our friend was so en tirely bemused by the episode
    that he decided to drop the issue right there. Believe m e, I tried m y best
    to get him to press the issue further and obtain som e justice but he
    wouldn't hear of it. He only sm iled and asked me to kindly forget it and
    mumbled something about jus tice not being the only satisfaction open to
    him. Very strange. And so our friend sits and waits patiently for that cold
    January morning when the postman will deliver unto him his diploma (third
    class, no doubt) and then, clothed in manhood, he can begin his life's work
    in confidence. He is spending many hours in the gym  these days, preparing
    his body for the strug gle. And why do I presume that you will be at all
    interested in this tale? W ell, perhaps you too would appreciate the
    strange, unworldly pleasures that seem to com e from a talk with the
    administration on this topic (and perhaps others, too, I don't know). But
    perhaps there are som e of you less given to seek ing strange delights and
    are m ore inclined to forthright action. Per haps you wil understand these
    words of mine as a challenge, as a clarion call to action. May I say it?
    That is indeed my wish. (If Sol Linowitz was Charlie's gift to the Class of
    '70, one can only surmise that he is running out of friends and one can only
    shudder to think of his 1971 selection!) I'm  not sure what our mistreated
    friend would counsel you, were he in any condition to speak with you. But
    perhaps someday when he fully regains his powers of mind and (Continued on
    Page 3) Political apathy has been both justified and attacked. In fact, how
    ever, there is a form of political withdrawal that appears as apathy but
    isn't. This phenomenon may be the most legitimate form of political
    activity. There are at least three modes of political involvem ent, that is,
    ac tivity attempting to implement one's concept of the way filings Should
    Be. First, one can work entirely within the system  by cam paigning for
    candidates. Or one can take a " half-way"  stance (no prejorative is in
    tended) and be a civil disobedient with the consequent im plication that one
    is ready to take the consequences m eted out by the system . Or one can m
    ove entirly out of the system  in different ways. In the Spring of '68, a
    fairly sm all percentage of the student body seemed interested in politics
    at all. An even sm aller number were ready to go halfway out of the system .
    These were the radicals at the tim e. The clim ate of the campus that fall
    was such that people with sideburns past their ears were yelled at by
    Fraternity Men in Cars who could be stereo typed a lot m ore easily than
    they can be today. These radicals sat-in against the m ilitary recruiters.
    The issue of recruitment on campus becam e buried under the issue of the
    perm is sibility of a sit-in. H ie University hurriedly decided that
    activities that obstruct official University functions like m ilitary
    recruitm ent, were not permissible. At the time of the first sit-in nobody
    could be sure that they were outside or within the system. When it turned
    out that they w ere outside, they (w e?) stopped. W e refused to go outside
    of the system enough to be a civil disobedient because, in m ost cases, we
    were not willing to take the consequences. That Fall, about 400 radicals "
    disrupted"  the ROTC Presidential R e view. The disruption consisted of
    antics, like m ocking the troops as they marched by marching around them and
    behind them. We went outside the system  because we were confident that the
    system  would not penal ize 400 of us. But that means that we w ere still
    within the system : is w as not that the system could not do anything about
    us, but that it decided that it would be easier for itself if it did not. It
    is  ironic that that week end saw the first draft card burnings, courageous
    acts which were truly out of the system. Then there was also the Coalition
    which presented " proposals,"  strictly within the system, although the
    self-deceptive m ood was that w e were really being daring and defiant. At
    the tim e, perhaps we were. The Strike last year was an interesting case o f
    working totally within the system . The system absorbed us, and w e absorbed
    it. And the work was done within the larger political system . Very recently
    som e sophom ores announced, and thereby created, a demonstration against m
    ilitary recruitment. They w ere within the System in that they did not break
    rules, but they w ere out of it because their method was that of antics. One
    of the points is that many of us, in the last few years, did as much as we
    could within the system  and realized that m ore was neces sary. It was
    necessary to go out of the system  som eway, whether half way or totally. In
    a sense, there is a " generation gap"  between som e of those of us who have
    not yet prosecuted the system  within the system to the lim it, and those of
    us who have. But they are starting by using antics, which is a step ahead of
    where we started with the sit-ins. Of course the important question is which
    way is best. The phrase " halfway out of the system"  is not intended
    negatively at all. How can we feel contempt for someone who is brave enough
    to put him self on the line when we weren't? And because " outside of the
    system " defines it - / self negatively what where it is not, the variety of
    ways to be outside the system is enormous. It is obvious, however, that many
    o f those who claim to be outside the system are really within it. "Shoot a
    ll the perpetrators of violence,"  can only be said by som eone who has the
    system  inside him and hence cannot really withdraw from  it. Many people
    this year have totally dropped out of " politics"  in the sense of trying to
    get someone else to subscribe to one's  own views. They have settled into
    them selves and their quiet circles of friends admist ac cusations of "
    Apathy"  and " Hedonism."  In fact, being cocksure of one's goal, even a
    goal as easy to believe in as " peace,"  is possibly the worst type' of
    egotism . After going to the edge of within-the-system policies and backing
    away from  the personal sacrifice necessary t(r) take a halfway- out stance,
    they are pulling themselves together before they go out to try to pull the
    world together. The first question we all have to answer is, " Why didn't
    and why don't, we com m it ourselves, body and soul?" Hopefully, someday we
    will know. It took us a while to learn that politics begins at home.

Heading: UH
Content: 

Heading: )t
Content: 

Heading: JBuckneUian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member of
    Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription, |3.00, payable in ad
    vance. Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the post
    office at Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any issue and take a stand we deem in the best interest of the
    University, to treat every issue with the responsibility that is accorded us
    in a free Society to be constructively critical when neccessary as well as
    laudatory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and to-t
    tegrity. Editorials appearing on this page reflect the majority opinion o4
    editorial board and that of the editors. Signed columns present the views
    only of the authors. AU letters should be a dressed to the Editor, and must
    be received no Uter than Saturday noon for publication in the Tuesday
    edition and Wednes day noon for publication in the Friday edition. AU
    letters must be signed and typed double-spaced: however, names may be
    withheld upon request. The Editor reserves the right to choose aU letters
    for publication, and to edit any letter chosen for reasons of space
    restrictions, grammatical change and offensive language. O ffice: Fochl
    Printing Co.. 229 Market Street. 829-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221 i

Heading: 1
Content: M3 # i t m w m 1

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: 

Heading: Student Teachers
Content: All students who plan to take secondary student teaching next sem ester must
    complete registra tion form s in the Education O ffice, Coleman B115, before
    November 18.

Heading: January Project
Content: Anyone interested in either a part or full time January project to plan next
    year's Resident Col loquy should contact Kay Smith at 1751 or Mr. Hammerlee
    at 1217 as soon as possible.

Heading: Hong Kong
Content: The International Affairs Club is sponsoring a discussion on Hong Kong with
    slides tonight at 9:30 p.m . in the International House. Marge Cheung will
    be the featured guest.

Heading: Russia Deadline
Content: The deadline for $150 deposits on the second animal Bucknell cultu ral history
    tour of Russia is Novem ber 13. Checks, made payable to Alton Tours, Inc.,
    should be turned in to Prof. Beard of the Russian program  by that time.
    Last Call! ..

Heading: NUC Discussion
Content: A representative from  NUC (New University Conference; a national radical
    organization) will be in Lewisburg to discuss the possibility of forming a
    chapter here. There will be an inform al discussion of NUC for all
    interested mem bers of the University community at 7:30 p.m . tom orrow.

Heading: Auto Rally Winners
Content: Winners of the RAM Auto Rally held on Saturday, October 31, were driver A1
    Schiller of Kappa Sigma and navigator Barb Ittel. Second place finishers
    were Carl Smith of SAE and Chris Soderstrom.

Heading: "Band" Tickets
Content: Tickets for the " Band"  concert on November 22 are now on sale at the
    Bookstore.

Heading: Volunteer Services
Content: Anyone interested in helping to organize a Volunteer Services pro gram  for the
    Lewisburg community with the Lewisburg Jay Cees con tact the Volunteer
    Services O ffice any time during business hours.

Heading: Fireside
Content: There will be a fireside at the home of Dr. William D. M cRae, professor of
    music, on Thursday, November 12, at 7:30 p.m . Dr. Mc Rae's topic is " Music
    and Travel." Those interested in attending should call Don Thompson at 1646
    (after 4:00 p.m .) by Wednesday.

Heading: Blood
Content: The Bloodmobile collected 286 pints of blood last Thursday, an increase of 81
    pints over last year. TKE won the IFC Plaque with 21 blood donors, and KDR
    was a close second with 19. Beta Gamma led the sororities with 11 pints, and
    Alpha Chi Omega was second.

Heading: Sophomores
Content: Sophomores who are interested in spending next year on a junior- year-abroad
    program should make application for such study in the next few weeks.
    Information on junior year programs and policies regarding such study is
    available in the Office of the Dean, College of Arts and Sciences, 113 Marts
    Hall.

Heading: Computers
Content: The Association for Computing Machinery (AMC) w ill hold its monthly meeting on
    Wednesday, November 11, at 8:00 p.m. in 228 Dana. Dr. Michael Flynn,
    professor of com puter science at John Hopkins University, will lecture on "
    Com puter Architecture; Some Old and New Developments."  Refreshments will
    be served after the lecture.

Heading: Concert Ushers
Content: See the " Band"  free! Anyone who would like to usher (men or wo men) should
    write B-561 or call Kurt Gebauer at 1609. 7:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:00
    p.m. Wednesday, November 11 6:30 p.m. Panhellenic Open Suites Sorority
    Suites A.B.S. Meeting Coleman Hall 102A Merck Lecture: Dr. James W. Cole,
    Jr.; " The Synthesis and Chemistry of Cubane" Olin Science Aud. Physics
    Dept. Film : " The Distinction of Past and Future" Visual Aids Aud. American
    Institute of Chemical Engineers Lecture: Dr. Mil- ton Lauver: " In Pursuit
    of Poly water"  Coleman Hall 101B Thursday, November 12 4:45 p.m. Catholic
    Mass Rooke Chapel 7:30 p.m. Japanese Studies Film : " She and He" Coleman
    Hall 101B 9:00 p.m. " ICHTHUS"  (Experimental Religious Community) Rooke
    Chapel Friday, November 13 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services Hilltop: " The
    Extermination Angel" Afro-American Symposia: Musical Society of Black
    Composers Folk Dancing sponsored by Indigo 8:00 p.m. 8.00 p.m. 8:00 p.m.

Heading: Black Weekend
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) Protest. Following Dr. Hamilton's talk there w ill be a
    reception in the Hunt Hall living room , starting at 9:30 p.m ., when the
    public can meet and speak inform ally with him. Other opportunities to hear
    Dr. Hamilton will be prerented on Mon day morning when he will m eet with
    classes in political science and history to consider the black ex perience
    in the metropolitan north. Those who are interested are in vited to join
    these classes. An in vitation is also extended to hear the guest speaker in
    open classes in Coleman Theatre at 10 a.m . and at 12:45 p.m. that day.
    Meditation Chapel Vaughan Lit. Aud. Perform ance by The Coleman Hall Theatre
    Swartz Hall Lounge

Heading: ABS
Content: 

Heading: Notes
Content: The Federal Reserve Relocation office is mainly used for storage of records and
    files for the main office in Philadelphia. Two of the full <<m e staff of 6
    are shown here in the office in the basement of Roberts Hall. (photo by Bob
    Arnold)

Heading: Locked Door
Content: (Continued from Page 1) so affect the Ursinus area. The Lewisburg area was
    chosen because of its relative geographic isolation, its available source of
    personnel and office space, and be cause of its facilities for feeding and
    housing numbers of people. Also, at Ursinus, records were just stored, while
    at the Center

Heading: Cooperative Funding Committee
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) Funding Committee are approxi m ately $9000. for the
    balance of this academ ic year. Basic guidelines determining dis bursement o
    f these funds are ac cording to Hammerlee: (1) the proposed event should be
    for the general interest of the uni versity community. (2) funds should be
    requested at least one month in advance of the proposed event, so that
    publicity can be disseminated thoroughly. Exceptional cases vjill be con
    sidered on shorter notice, but the one month restriction will be gen erally
    observed. (3) the committee will discuss with applicants for funds the pro
    jected scope of the program ; de termine who is responsible for the event;
    and may be in touch with the responsible person(s) about publicity and other
    arrangements vital to the success of the program. (4) Applicants for funds
    must com e as the representatives of a recognized student organization. (5)
    Committee funds will normal ly go toward non-profit events for which no
    admission is charged Exceptional uses for subsidization may be considered,
    but the money used for underwriting must return to the CFC treasury.
    Meetings of the com m ittee will be held at 4:45 p.m. on Mondays, persons
    wishing to apply for funds or to request a hearing to discuss ideas m ay
    request application form s from Bob Nachshin or Ham m erlee.

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: W atch Repairing & Engraving
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: NOVEMBER 10, 1970

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for Christmas, Easter or summer?
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities, economic flights, discounts.
Content: 

Heading: Write for information (air mail).
Content: 

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street, Newport, LW .. England
Content: located here, records are both stored and processed. The Center is under the
    manage ment of Mrs. Walter C. Geiger. It functions daily and is staffed by
    five Lewisburg area residents, aug mented on occasion by officers and
    employees of the Philadelphia Of fice. The Center has also used the services
    of the form er comptroller of the University and one of the professors of
    accounting. The Third Federal Reserve Dis trict in Philadelphia, which the
    Re location O ffice services, includes the state of Delaware, the southern
    ern two-thirds of Pennsylvania, half of New Jersey, and the east- "  There
    seems to be an air of mystery surrounding the Center and its operations,
    said Mrs. Gei ger. Some students seem to think that we enter the office
    through secret passageways, and they have other such false ideas. There are
    som e students who don't even know that we exist. Any time than an employee
    is going into the office and there is a cur ious student looking on, we
    always have him com e in and see the of fice."

Heading: Cla$sy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -Ads:-
Content: ABORTION Referral Service (ABS) Safe, Legal (N .Y.) and Inexpen sive. Please
    call Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. AD in quiries confidential.
    COIN & STAMP SHOP W e buy U.S. silver coins. Highest prices paid. We also
    buy stamps, U.S. and foreign coins. 35 Broadway, Milton. LOST L. H. S. Class
    Ring--1971 with initials B. M. S. Cau after 5 P.M. 524-0652.

Heading: JAZZ
Content: GROUP for hire. Good sound. Will play cocktail parties, coffee houses, private
    parties, etc. Rock also. Call David Sholl or Peter Eggars, 524-2894, 1894.
    Niles W ilcox '73 has been selected for a one year term  and Keith Anderson
    for a two year term  to serve on the Freshman Advisory Committee in the
    College of Arts and Sciences. The following students have been selected for
    the Committee on Stu dent Conduct: Tom Streckle '71 and Guy Wylie "73 for a
    one year term ; and Cindy Forrest '73 and Ed Lin- derman 73 for a two year
    term . Chris Ellison 72 has been elected to serve on the Traffic Committee.

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    Area Code 717 A sm all fee is charged

Heading: Lambda Chi Alpha
Content: 

Heading: Creates $1000 Grant
Content: Lambda Chi Alpha Fraternity has instituted this year a $1000 grant for a foreign
    exchange grad uate student. The award provides for room and board for the
    recipient at the fraternity. Last spring the house voted to provide a
    foreign student with the opportunity to obtain an education since they have
    been provided with the same opportunity by their fam ilies, here, and
    society. With the assistance of Dr. David S. Ray, coordinator of graduate
    studies and James D. Hammerlee, Director of Student Program s, a student was
    selected for the award. This year's recipient is Alper Caglayan from
    Aydinlikeuler An kara, Turkey. Alper is a candidate for the Master of
    Science degree in Electrical Engineering.

Heading: FEEDBACK
Content: (Continued from  Page 2) body he, too, will write to you. Until then, please
    accept m y most sincere thanks for your kind of attention and Good Luck! A
    Friend 8BlWllHH tW imMiHlimillll<<i)lllM)tlllHIII<<iaflWM

Heading: Think About It
Content: 

Heading: PACIFICA
Content: 

Heading: Sunday
Content: 

Heading: 2:30-- 5:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: W V B U - F M
Content: 

Heading: 90.5
Content: 

Heading: The Intelligent Alternative
Content: #EI!U!<<!!UI!ll!U!!!{IUII!!ini!!ilUi!!liUI!!!iU!!!!!UnH!!!!lU

Heading: H U N G R Y !!!!!
Content: 

Heading: CALL CAMPUS DELIVER SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: 5
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: -

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: 5
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: NO W  DELIVERING
Content: 

Heading: PIZZAS, HOAGIES, SANDWICHES & SOFT DRINKS
Content: 

Heading: Sunday through Thursday
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 p.m* to Midnight
Content: 

Heading: Grand Opening
Content: 

Heading: --OF--
Content: FOR SALE Sony tapedeck model TC-252-D. Call 3169.

Heading: jfjs H ie
Content: 

Heading: Cre
Content: 

Heading: FEATURING
Content: 

Heading: WOMEN'S WIGS &
Content: 

Heading: HAIR
Content: 

Heading: PIECES
Content: 

Heading: 44 NORTH FIFTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: --OPEN--
Content: 10:00 - 5:30 TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, SATURDAY 10:00 A. M. -- 9:00 P.M .
    FRIDAY NOVEMBER 10, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: !!!I
Content: f

Heading: ni
Content: 

Heading: Ouch!
Content: 

Heading: V
Content: o l u m e l x x i i i

Heading: --
Content: n o

Heading: .
Content: 19

Heading: Raiders Overpower Herd
Content: 

Heading: ____________
Content: 

Heading: __
Content: 

Heading: In Generating 44-14 Win
Content: 

Heading: Btue jjem
Content: 

Heading: Bisons;
Content: T W A V WiMfasEEEk&i :PS M i 1 I M P ' ' -- --

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 13, 1970
Content: By KEN DOAK The Red Raiders of Colgate jump ed out to a 35-0 second quarter lead
    over the injury-riddled Herd Satur day, and coasted to a 44-14 triumph.
    Coach Fred Prender accurately summed up the BU performance with " too many
    mistakes against a very good football team." The Bisons' first offensive
    series set the mood for the game, as Bill Lane had his punt blocked deep in
    BU territory. On a fourth-down play, QB Steve Goepel lobbed a 5-yard TD pass
    to fullback Steve Morgan. Goepel then booted his first of six PATs.
    Following another Morgan-led TD drive, Howard Burke injured his foot
    attempting to pass. Greg Do- viak's first throw was intercepted and run back
    to the 11. Two plays later, Morgan burst through the left side on a trap
    play for a 10-yard score. Goepel upped the margin to 35-0 in the second
    quarter, as he con nected on TD strikes of 29 and 35 yards. Doviak then led
    the Bisons to their first score, as he schambled 46 yards down the right
    sideline. A pas to Bob Ciperson at the 2 set up a TD run by Mitch Farbstein.
    BU gave Colgate their final 9 points in the third quarter. A safety resulted
    from a bad snap from cen ter on a punt, and a fumble on the 1-yard line set
    up a fourth TD by Morgan, tying the Colgate record.

Heading: Booters Face Tough Jays
Content: Greg Doviak has seen action on both sides of the line of scrimmage this year and
    has recently won Coach Prender's praise for his play at safety. (photo by
    Bob Arnold) The Herd then began to move the football on numerous passes by
    Doviak (who completed 20 of a record 43 attempts), but had trouble
    sustaining a drive. They scored their final TD on an 80-yard march in the
    fourth quarter. Two catches by Jay Griffin helped move the ball to the 7,
    and Doviak rolled left and cut into the end By ALAN GROCHAL Any hopes of an
    MAC soccer championship were dashed last Saturday, as the Bisons fell to
    Dela ware 3-0. The offense, which has now scored only two goals in the last
    four games, continued to falter. The pitchmen were outshot by over a 2 to 1
    margin and only controlled the ball in one quarter, the second. Defensively,
    the Bisons also had a letdown. Two of die three Dela ware goals were scored
    on defens ive lapses. " The game wets neither our best nor worst performance
    of the year. Several players played hurt, but we can't use that as an alibi.
    Delaware simply played a smart hustling game,"  Coach Craig Rey nolds
    observed. Throughout the scoreless first quarter, the Bisons and Hens play
    ed evenly, with Delaware holding a slight ball control edge. The second
    period was domin- atde by the Bisons, who utilized short passes to control
    the ball. Delaware scored however, with two minutes left in the half on a
    fluke goal. Normally a routine play, a direct kick got by Bison goalie Lloyd
    Ryysydanian. The Hens added a second score two minutes into the second half
    on a jam-up in front of the Bison goal. The ball popped in, giving Delaware
    their second goal in four minutes. " These two quick goals forced us to use
    a strong offensive forma tion in the fourth quarter. We ac tually looked
    worse when we used this formation because the Dela ware fullbacks managed to
    clear the ball downfield well," Coach Craig Reynolds noted. Delaware added
    their final goal in the fourth quarter on a headed ball after a corner kick.
    Adding further to the pitchmen's woes was a third quarter ankle in jury to
    fullback Larry Greenwood, probably sidelining him for the rest of the
    season. The Bisons meet Elizabethtown Tuesday in a game which Coach Reynolds
    calls, " as tough as either Delaware or Penn State."  The sea son concludes
    this Saturday at home with Lehigh in a game to decide second place in the
    Mac. Bison boo ter Bob Gibson has added much to the Herd and has been
    selected by Coach Reynolds as soc cer player of the week. (photo by Chris
    Olsen)

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Polomen Play Last Games
Content: 

Heading: In Eastern Tournament
Content: 

Heading: P R E S S  B O X
Content: -By DAN MILLER- By MARK KNODERER The 1970 fall water polo season ended with a
    thundering climax last weekend at Ithaca, New York. This was the first year
    that an Eastern championship of such mag nitude had been attempted, and it
    was a resounding success. The Bisons, unfortunately, were one of the teams
    tossed aside on Saturday, as all eight teams scram bled to make the
    semifinals on Sunday. Playing a round robin tournament

Heading: US
Content: Goalie Bob Worthen snags a shot against a fierce Cornell water polo squad.
    Robbie's aggressive goal teading wasn't enough to keep the herd in
    contention for the Eastern Water Polo crown. (photo by Ed Marston) against
    the teams in their division, the polomen lost 7-4 to Harvard and 10-6 to
    meme sis Cornell, be fore defeating Northeastern 7-6 in a sudden death
    midnight clash. A Harvard blitz in the fourth quarter defeated the Bisons in
    their first game. After three quarters the Big Blue led 4-3, before the
    Crimson blasted four goals in the final stan za. Paul Landes and Steve Win-
    ings each had two goals, while Bill

Heading: ~J A Z Z
Content: 

Heading: --with--
Content: 

Heading: CARL TUCKER
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY NOON --  2:30
Content: 

Heading: WYBU-FM
Content: 

Heading: 90.5
Content: McGill and Tom Powilson led the Crimson with two apiece. In their second game
    the club faced Cornell, and this time were no match for the Big Red in their
    own territory. Pete Carhart's team moved into an 8-3 lead after three
    quarters, and a mild Bison come back was not enough. Rick Marek scored 6
    goals for Cornell, while Paul Landes had five and Dyke Edwards one for the
    Bisons. The final game against North eastern will be remembered more for the
    setting than for the final score. The game did not start un til 10:45 p.m.,
    and the Bisons and the Huskies seemed like they want ed to set a record for
    the latest water polo game ever played. The teams battled through four
    quarters and two overtime periods before a goal by Greg Raven won the game
    in sudden death. The teams climbed out of the pool at twelve thirty.
    Meanwhile in the other division, Army, Yale, M.I.T.,and Cornell B team were
    blasting each other with a vengeance. Army and Yale tore through their
    opponents, and in perhaps the best match of the en tire tournament, the Eli
    topped the Cadets 11-9. Other teams to be eliminated with the Bisons on
    Saturday were Northeastern, M.I.T., and the Cor nell B squad. In the Finals
    on Sun day, Yale stopped Harvard 18-5, and Army whipped Cornell by a
    suprisingly large margin, 16-6. In the finals, Yale defeated Army 13-6. Once
    again the Eli reign supreme over Eastern water polo. Coach Russell was
    disappointed with the season record of 8-8, and commented that the Bisons
    had a lot of work to do on their ball handling. The team loses Rob Worthen,
    Dean Hunt, Mike Huffman, and Greg Raven due to graduation, but still have
    plenty of firepower to work with next year. Coach Richard Schumacher,
    Director of Intramurals, has announced that this year's basketball
    tournament will be held on a different basis than the other IM sports. " On
    the premise that IM sports are for the average student the IM Committee has
    decided to open a fifth league in addition to the four al ready in existance
    to to allow for greater participation by the University community." The
    facts are these: any group of 13 people who chose to, can submit their names
    as an IM basketball team. This excludes only the fraternities (who can
    however, field a "B "  team in addition to their regular entry, and thefre
    shmen who will continue to play in hall groups.) This experimental set-up
    will enable upperclass hall groups, graduate students, and faculty to field
    squads. The requirements are that each team file an official roster with
    Coach Schumacher with the names, class, phone number, and campus address of
    13 players, one of whom should be appointed as team representative. The
    squad should also pick a nickname to identify itself. The deadline for the
    submission of this roster is 4:00 p.m., November 16. The notion has been
    circulating the campus for some time that the IM program does not serve
    enough of the Community; a concept that has been linked to the curtailment
    of intercollegiate athletics. This new proposal can be constructed as an
    effort to alleviate this problem, by making the IM program more accessable
    to m ore people. Schumacher has said that if this experiment is a success he
    would like to see it extended to softball this spring and next year to the
    entire IM program.

Heading: "Be diligent in meetings for
Content: 

Heading: worship and business; stir
Content: 

Heading: up thyself and others here
Content: 

Heading: in."
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 

Heading: 11:00 A IL  SUNDAY
Content: 

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: 

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri.-Sat. - - - 9:00 - 1:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sunday - -- - 7:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O PEN
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: 

Heading: Tue. - Thur. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Frl. - Sat. - 11 am. - 1:30 am.
Content: 

Heading: Sun. - Mon. - 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: C orsages --  Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS
Content: ------

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: ------

Heading: POST ON
Content: 

Heading: BULLETIN BOARD
Content: t h e b u c k n e l l ia n

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: NOV. 10, 1970 ##############BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of living............You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: ask for your free copy of RAGS magazino
Content: 

Heading: .............
Content: #############################################

Heading: WEDNESDAY
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAY
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY
Content: 

Heading: " J O E "
Content: 

Heading: SHOW TIME 7:00 AND 9:00
Content: 

Heading: "Che Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Debates Budget Review Process
Content: 

Heading: ABS Eliminates Arbitration Committee
Content: 

Heading: In Concert
Content: " The Band"  won't be outside on a bench on November 22. They will be performing
    in Davis Gym at 8:30 p.m. in the third ABS concert this se mester. Tickets
    for the concert may be purchased at the bookstore.

Heading: Kuntsler Address Blocked
Content: 

Heading: By Intramural Swim Meet
Content: By ERIC RIESS The ABS has passed a motion asking the University to allow the
    class of 1973 to have access to Davis gym for a speech by William Kuntsler.
    The renowned defense attorney for the 'Chicago' trial in Chicago earlier
    this year, was scheduled to speak in the gym after the class of '73 made
    special arrangements with Robert A. La tour, director of ath letics.
    According to Russ Pais, president of the sophomore class, 'the athletic
    department has just been giving us the run-around so that Kunstler will not
    be able to speak here.' Pais and other students have been negotiating with
    La tour since No vember 3, when Kunstler first ac cepted the invitation to
    appear on campus. Thursday of last week, Jack Schmidt and Pete Doscher went
    to see Smith. They reported that he said he was sorry but practice couldn't
    be re-scheduled because there were some conflicts with labs. Smith suggested
    that they find another place. When Latour was seen by Schmidt and Doscher
    Friday morning, they reported that he said that " it (the use of the gym)
    couldn't be ar ranged,"  since Smith, with whom Latour had talked Thursday,
    had told Latour that he was against changing practice. Latour reiterated,
    according to Schmidt, that the final decision was Smith's and agreed to
    leave it in Smith's hands. *  That afternoon, Schmidt and Do scher spoke
    with Smith and told him that Latour had left it up to him, whereupon Smith
    agreed to discuss the matter with the team that night. Thirteen out of
    fourteen players on the team said they could make an earlier practice. Still
    without a final reply Monday, Pais, Schmidt, Doscher, and Frank Kirkland,
    basketball player and Sophomore Class treasurer, sought out Latour. He was
    not available that after noon. They then wait to see Smith who told them
    that he had talked (Continued on Page 4) By BOB WENDEL The abolishment of
    the Committee of Arbitration and clarification of the budgetry powers of the
    Uni versity Senate were the main orders of business at Wednesday's special
    ABS meeting to discuss the docu ment. The ABS also added a function to the
    Senate by creating a Com mittee on Informational Resources to have
    jurisdiction over the book store, the library, and the computer center and
    create the Office of In structional Media. According to the faculty-passed
    Senate, if a piece of legislation is returned to the Senate twice, by the
    ABS or Faculty, it would go to an Arbitration Committee, com posed of the
    Provost, and two Fac ulty members, and their decision would be final. The
    amendment would provide for eliminating the committee, and giving the Senate
    the power to over rule these bodies by means of a 2/3 majority of its
    members present and voting. President Dave Lacy, along with Lou Bucceri, ABS
    Recording Secre tary, Russ Pais, Sophomore Class

Heading: Latour Opposes Abolishment
Content: 

Heading: A B S  Recommends Gym Courses
Content: The Congress of the Association qf Bucknell Students, passed and sent to the
    Provost a motion call ing on the physical education de partment to institute
    courses cover ing 'specific areas of that depart ments discipline.' The
    motion, which was tabled last week, is a corollary to one al ready passed by
    the ABS asking the University faculty to abolish the requirement that 4
    semesters of gym be taken by all students. Commenting on the proposal
    yesterday the director of athletics said, " speaking for the department I
    would have to say that I oppose the abolishment of the requirement, because
    of what I think it would do to our Physical education program. I know of
    cases where they have put a system like this into opera tion, at schools the
    size of Bucknell, and now for all intents and pur poses they have no
    physical educa tion program." He continued, " I think that I should add that
    1 have been work ing with my staff for the past year to try and develop a
    system which will offer the student more of a choice of what he takes in
    phys. ed. Beginning in February, we hope to institute a program whereby the
    student will be able to choose what he takes in class much like the women's
    program is now. " We will try and have as many choices as possible and there
    will be no division between freshmen and sophomores. In this way we hope to
    increase the variety and choice in the department." The motion to establish
    classes in phys. ed., after the abolishment of the present requirement was
    in troduced by Jim Ludwig. The motion, which passed unani mously says in
    part, " The ABS re quests that the following recom- (Continued on Page 4)
    President and John Dunlop, Dean of Student Affairs felt that the idea of a "
    Supreme Court"  type of body was a good one, and spoke against the motion.
    However, the Congress felt, as Bob Nachshin said that if the Senate as the
    policy making body, was to really represent the desires of the community as
    a whole, it must have final say on matters within its jur isdiction. After a
    motion to table the motion for a week was defeated, the ques tion was
    called, and the amend ment passed, with four against, and five abstaining. A
    less controversial amendment was also introduced by Nachshin. (Continued on
    Page 4)

Heading: Black Faculty Search
Content: 

Heading: Encounters Difficulty
Content: 

Heading: Black Symposium Weekend
Content: Editor's Note: The following Is a list of the Black Symposium events taking
    place this weekend. Friday, 8:30 P.M. - Coleman Theatre:

Heading: NEW MUSIC BY BLACK COMPOSERS -
Content: a varied program of works for assorted combinations of instru ments that include
    piano, flute, percussion, sax, cello, and double bass. Performed by members
    of the Society of Black Composers. Saturday, 8:30 P.M. - Coleman Theatre:
    The Playward Bus Company presents

Heading: AFRICAN HEAVEN -
Content: a program of dances that celebrate the joy and dignity of being Black. and

Heading: GOD'S TROMBONES -
Content: Janies Weldon Johnson's moving evocation of the Black man's search for identity
    and pride in his sermons and spirituals. Sunday, 3:00 to 5:00 P.M. * New
    Dorm Pit: Rap sessions with DR. CHARLES HAMILON, Professor of Urban Studies,
    Columbia University, and co-author of Black Power: the Politics of
    Liberation in America. Moderator: Professor Gene Chenoweth. Sunday, 8:00
    P.M. - Coleman Theatre: Dr. Charles Hamilton - They Demand Relevance: Black
    Students Protest An in-depth study of black student campus movements, and
    how they will affect the future of American education. Sunday, 9:30 P.M. -
    Hunt Hall Living Room: The Provost' s Reception An opportunity to meet and
    speak informally with Professor Hamilton. Monday, 8:00 A.M. - Open Class -
    Coleman Theatre: Classes in " Politics and Culture"  (Chenoweth) and "
    American History"  (Drinnon) are combining to consider Black experience in
    the metropolitan north. Everyone is invited to join these classes on this
    occasion Monday, 9:00 A.M. - Dr. Hamilton will have coffee In the University
    Lounge Freas Hall. This is another opportunity for informal discussion.
    Monday, 10:00 A.M. - Open Class - Coleman Theatre: " Politics and Culture"
    (Blair) Everyone is welcome. Monday, 12:45 P.M. - Open Class - Coleman Hall
    204A " Political Parties"  (Longley) News Analysis By SUE BOLSTRUM Much
    effort has been put into re cruiting Blacks for faculty posi tions, yet
    prospects for success ap pear dim. In talks with seven de partmental heads,
    many reasons for this failure, and a few alterna tives were brought to
    light. One of the most obvious but also most difficult problems in common to
    all job recruiters: finding some one who meets the qualifications. In the
    Political Science Depart ment this means someone well versed in
    International Relations, for the Music Department, some one capable of
    teaching music theory and also able to conduct music or teach an instrument,
    (pre ferably string). The Psychology De partment needs someone with a full
    professorship to replace Professor Wendell Smith, who recently be came
    Provost. Besides the departmental de mands, the University would like to see
    someone ready and willing to coordinate a Black Studies Pro gram . However,
    if the departmental staff is small and overworked, the question becomes " is
    it asking too much for one person to assume both jobs?" Where to look for
    qualified in dividuals can also present difficul ties. If you go to the most
    likely source, a predominately Black In stitution like Howard or Lincoln,
    you are faced with the moral di lemma of robbing these schools of valuable
    people. On the other hand, shouldn't the question of loyalties be left up to
    the individual? In our attempt to understand and improve Black-White
    relations, we have been forced to discriminate for Black, against White. Is
    this justifiable, will it do more harm than good, or is there a better way
    to increase interaction between races? Though all but two of the seven
    departmental chairmen said a Black would have an advantage over a White in
    their eyes, one had serious misgivings about such a compromise with reality.
    He feared discrimination would lead only to more alienation and stressed
    sticking to one's ideals. Though some applicants have ser iously considered
    coming here, the thought of becoming a " specimen" in an almost totally
    white com munity reportedly has discouraged them. One possible solution to
    many of these problems was suggested by Professor William Moore (Educa
    tion): an exchange program few both students and faculty with Black schools.
    He also suggested that we con sider studying oppressed groups per se so that
    we don't end our efforts to intergrate (understand?) minorities with blacks.
    Another alternative could be to hire a Black Studies coordinator using a
    grant from the Mellon Foundation. In this way small de partments could avoid
    sharing a member with a much more de manding program. But according to the
    terms of the Mellon grant the funds must be used within five years. Thus the
    University would be forced to find a substitute fund to retain anyone hired
    on this grant. As another alternative the Music Department recently received
    a grant to hire qualified personnel on a one-semester or one-year basis.
    Professor Warner saw this as a conceivable way to get Black musicians or
    teachers onto the Music Department staff, if only for a short term.

Heading: 1970-71 Artist Series
Content: 

Heading: Opens New Season
Content: The University's Artist Series will open the 1970-71 season Tuesday night, with
    the performance of an Elizabethan court masque by the New York Pro Musica.
    Three events will follow the open er as the Artist Series embarks on one of
    its most varied seasons in many years. All of the programs are scheduled in
    Davis Gymnasium at 8:15 p.m. Music joins with dance, poetry, costume, and
    scenery design in " An Entertainment For Elizabeth,"  the New York Pro
    Musica's presenta tion. The text for the concert was written by the
    contemporary American poet John Hollander, and is worked out in elegant and
    witty verse. A major orchestra, The Cleveland Symphony, considered by some
    as (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Censure Latour
Content: 

Heading: Robert Latour, director of athletics, must be cen
Content: 

Heading: sured by the entire University for his actions this past
Content: 

Heading: week. The deceitfulness that he has demonstrated over
Content: 

Heading: the past few days is distressing. It seems that he has
Content: 

Heading: made every effort to thwart students interested in mak
Content: 

Heading: ing use of the Gym for a cultural event, and his actions
Content: 

Heading: are inexcusable. He has single-handedly sought to block
Content: 

Heading: the use of the Gym next week for the speech to be de
Content: 

Heading: livered by William Kuntsler. We demand that the Gym
Content: 

Heading: be made available for next week's talk. The news story
Content: 

Heading: speaks for itself.
Content: MHjpMNp

Heading: n
Content: f t e s i SS l i >>

Heading: Whose
Content: 

Heading: The problem of group allegiance vs.
Content: 

Heading: individual conscience must be faced and
Content: 

Heading: resolved frequently. 'Unbelievably, this
Content: 

Heading: issue came into view when a member of
Content: 

Heading: the varsity basketball team was forced
Content: 

Heading: recently between keeping his hair long
Content: 

Heading: and being dropped from the squad.
Content: 

Heading: The player, who asked to remain
Content: 

Heading: nameless, was told by coach Donald
Content: 

Heading: ' Smith either to cut his hair or not come
Content: 

Heading: to the next practice. The player did not
Content: 

Heading: think enough of the issue to pursue it
Content: 

Heading: and quit the team.
Content: 

Heading: Since this situation has arisen be
Content: 

Heading: fore, The Bucknellian wanted to investi
Content: 

Heading: gate an athlete's possibilities or resolv
Content: 

Heading: ing such an issue procedurally. A letter
Content: 

Heading: was sent to Provost Wendell I. Smith
Content: 

Heading: who answered, "The student should ap
Content: 

Heading: peal to the Director of Athletics and if
Content: 

Heading: the issue is not resolved at that level
Content: 

Heading: then to me." He further stated, *. . . he
Content: 

Heading: (the student) must know that he has the
Content: 

Heading: right to be heard regarding his griev-
Content: 

Heading: ance.The Provost, however, also wrote,
Content: 

Heading: "If he (the Coach) could demonstrate
Content: 

Heading: that the presence of a student whose hair
Content: 

Heading: was the cause of a major problem in the
Content: 

Heading: morale of a team, he would be justified
Content: 

Heading: in dropping that student from the team
Content: 

Heading: after he had exhausted all reasonable al
Content: 

Heading: ternatives open to him to correct the
Content: 

Heading: morale problem." Thus, legal channels
Content: 

Heading: are open to athletes in such situations
Content: 

Heading: and the athletes must know these chan
Content: 

Heading: nels, but we find that the issue of dis
Content: 

Heading: crimination still remains unclear.
Content: 

Heading: The silence of the team in this mat
Content: 

Heading: ter is conspicuous in that the team ap
Content: 

Heading: parently concurs with the coach. If this
Content: 

Heading: is the case, we are astounded; the rights
Content: 

Heading: of the individual must be guarded.
Content: By ARNOLD WERNER c 1970 CPS QUESTION? Can going bra-less hasten the time when
    breasts begin to sag? Or cause them to sag more? ANSWER: Breasts have very
    little connective tissue and are dependent on underlying muscles to carry
    their weight. The organ ita u  *  pri marily fatty tissue and, incidently,
    small breasts containthesam e amocmt of milk producing glands as large
    breasts. It is considered to*(tm)" " (r) for women with large breasts to go
    around continually i^bout Was, especially if engaging in physical activity,
    as stietchung of tte slon and weakening of supportive structures can occur.
    According to one source, horse-back riding can be particularly wicked. ....
    Women are especially cautioned to wear good supportive brassieres during
    pregnancy when breasts enlarge. Similar breast enlargement MO occur when
    women take birth control pills, so the same apply. Women with smaller
    breasts and good muscle support should have little fear in going bra-less. A
    friend's wife suggests the following test: Place a pencil under the breast
    parallel to the chest wall at the point where the breast joins the chest.
    Let go of the pencil. If the pencil does not fall, going bra-less is not
    recommended. If the pencil falls, the choice is yours.

Heading: Women and Elections
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: TVioro were eleven candidates for Freshman Class
Content: %gg0gg0HEEKHEKHHEHEHHKKBKEHEHEEHEHEKEKEEKHKKEEEKKIKKHKEKtEEKEKHEKKEHEIKtEHHKEE

Heading: There were eleven candidates for Freshman Class
Content: 

Heading: officers Nine of those candidates were men running for
Content: 

Heading: President or Vice-President. The other two were women
Content: 

Heading: running for Secretary-Treasurer.
Content: 

Heading: Maybe someday some women will teel tnat tney
Content: 

Heading: could make as good a president as a guy can. A tew
Content: 

Heading: years later, maybe some guys will be liberated enough
Content: 

Heading: to agree.
Content: 

Heading: Rod's Running
Content: 

Heading: Footnotes
Content: By PAUL J. J. PAYACK, By PAUL J. J. PAYACK ROSENCRANTZ & GUILDENSTERN ARE DEAD

Heading: BY TOM STOPPARD
Content: 126 PAGES. NEW YORK: GROVE PRESS. 1967.

Heading: PAPER.
Content: $.95 Visualize Hamlet's world as a geometrical plane c a r r y in g ^  Ufe
    through its development, climax, and denouement. His fellow tragedians have
    worlds of their own, but we know nothing of theirJ f?'P la" "  ^ 5 ? * where
    they intersect with that of Hamlet's. If one started at one of the planes
    and followed it through, he would find the development (climax and
    donouement) of another world, another tragedy.

Heading: ,
Content: ,. Rozencrantz is not simply the tracing of two of these planes and the record
    of their intersection. It is rather the attempt, on the part o Rosencrantz
    and Guildenstem, to decipher how they came to be placed in the play. Of
    course, they can make decisions but never do they have a they cannot escape.
    The protagonists realize they they are but pawns, players who can only act
    out their lives in accordance with the plani of the play. Of course, they
    can make decisions but never do htey have a choice. " We are free,"
    Rosencrantz intones. "Within limits, Guilden- stern replies, " yes, of
    course within limits. ,, After all R and G are children of our time and as
    such undergo those traumas with which we are so well acquainted. As they are
    relentlessly pushed and shoved by the un, sub-or supernatural forces^ wtuch
    guide them they breathe the air of a fatalism not unlike a man who knows
    that that which he has feared most is finally occurring at hand. When it
    happens there is no place to go, no place to hide. Guiidenstern precisely
    makes the point, "We've travelled too far, and our momentum has taken over;
    we move idly towards eternity, without possibility of reprieve or hOPm
    ateXW^IlStoppard has done is to synthesize a precis of twentieth centurv
    existence and woven this essence around and through the frain - work of
    Hamlet. His play, his first major work, has been enthusiastically

Heading: S
Content: v i  S already (it was written three years ago) it is being per formed regularly
    along side the works of Shakespeare. It is a very im portant play, and it
    will be around for quite a while to attest to tills fact. Ebr its full
    impact it should be read as well as viewed, and read rath >> carefully. As
    you can well imagine, it is not a fun play to read. One could say that it is
    all too accurate to be enjoyed; it is depressmg. Its essence can best be
    summarized in Stoppards own words. Life is a gamble, at terrible odds--if it
    was a bet you wouldn t take it.

Heading: j&tukneilian
Content: To the Editor: Although I am a Junior, I feel that it is incumbent upon me to
    once more run for Freshman class president, as I did last year and the year
    before. I refuse to move on to the more difficult challenges of Sophomore
    and Junior class president without some basic ex perience leading the
    freshman class by the knows. Experience lets us know that we've done things
    before, which is indeed good to know. Unlike my opponents, I refuse to aim
    my campaign at the Great Silent Pejorative, which is quietly wimpering like
    some weak, pitiful giant in our nation's 190 year proud history. Weak,
    perhaps. But piti ful? Never! Tike the pits from BuckneU, so that we can all
    be soft core. There is an over-riding question of University formulation
    that must be dealt with squarely, so that we won't have to be divided by ad
    ditional positive determined num bers subtracting from the multi plicity of
    our ranks. I have worked that formula out and have come up with an
    alternative to the proposed University Senate: the answer is 3. Three
    expresses the basic struc ture of the Universe: Us, Them and We. Or We. Us,
    and It. Three throughout history has represented everything that has come in
    more than pairs and less than enough to place one at each corner of a table.
    And isn't that what this University is: Somewhat more than a pair, but
    certainly less than a card-table. If elected, I promise to personally visit
    Gamma Upsilon Doowah to out an end to the malignant " scout ing parties."
    Two freshman have been permanently tie-dyed already this year, and one's
    aqualung broke when we tried to get him out of the tv set. This has got to
    stop. If these promises are not enough, may I remind the students that I was
    the one who lead the "Beggar's Crusade" on Rookes Hall, protest ing the
    seepage in the Crop Room that was causing the horse's shoes to rust, and was
    turning all our luck a dingy orange-brown. I also was the first to point out
    the discrepancy between tuition paid by students and salaries paid
    professors. By my calculations each three students pay enough tuition to
    hire a professor, when in fact most classes have forty stu dents in them.
    That means 37 people are free-loading, and

Heading: I
Content: pledge to find out who they are. Now all this isn't unrelated. We can't expect
    good governance until we have good rules, nor good rules till we have good
    governance. Rules are for us, the people. Governance is by them, the
    governors. This seems fair, for if we were allowed to be both ruler and
    ruled, how could we ever get an objective stance on what is really good for
    us? We'd probably all eat to much ice cream and pick our noses and stuff. As
    can be seen, my proposals all would tend to move the student from a position
    below the rule- govem structure, to one beneath the rule-govem structure.
    Again, this seems fair. As my devoted, follower Jean-Paul Sarte (not the
    Jean-Paul Sartre) has said, " Rod Curtains is a man with a 20/20 vision 6f
    the way things could have been again." I don't ask much of you, friends, for
    if you had many answers what would you be doing in school? All I ask for is
    your vote, your con fidence, your help and your truss. I will, when elected,
    remain respon sive^ to all your knees, no matter what the occasion. Let's
    all be friends on election day. Then we can get down to business. Giblets,
    Rod Curtains " Look up to me, and I'll look down on you."

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: RIGHT ON
Content: 

Heading: Academic Orthodoxy
Content: -By WAYNE J. THORBURN.

Heading: Q. What should I serve when the boys drop over?
Content: 

Heading: A. The perfect beverage for moments of celebration
Content: 

Heading: and good fellowship like this is Pabst Blue Ribbon
Content: 

Heading: beer. Its good old-time flavor helps break the ice
Content: 

Heading: and get the party rolling.
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: Q. What's the oldest
Content: 

Heading: brewery in Milwaukee?
Content: 

Heading: A. Last year Pabst Brewing Com
Content: 

Heading: pany, the oldest in Milwaukee, cele
Content: 

Heading: brated 126 years of brewing great beer. And that's older
Content: 

Heading: than your father's, father's, father's, father's moustache. Which
Content: 

Heading: brings us to our point: if you believe that practice makes per
Content: 

Heading: fect, then you can't find a more perfect beer than a Pabst.
Content: 

Heading: Everything You've Always
Content: 

Heading: Wanted to Enow About Beer
Content: 

Heading: Q.
Content: 

Heading: A.
Content: 

Heading: Who are these guys?
Content: 

Heading: This is a group photo of our bowling
Content: 

Heading: team. It was taken in 1893, the year
Content: 

Heading: Pabst won the Blue Ribbon as Ameri
Content: 

Heading: ca's best beer. We still brew our beer
Content: 

Heading: the old-time premium way.Our bowling
Content: 

Heading: team hasn't changed much either.
Content: 

Heading: I I
Content: 

Heading: .But Were Airaid to Ask
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897 Published twice weekly during the college year. Member office
    at Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: BILL UVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: 

Heading: tBSSBMWiWHkM
Content: ft I'lfy PS e  e ^ r s ^ e d ^ c o l ^ ^ r e ^ t o e ^ v i e w . only of the
    authors. ________ ____ s r s s j f day noon for publication in the Friday
    edition. O ffice: F och f P rim ing C o.. MS " " *** S23*4221 Consultant:
    Brad Tufts. 524-12*1

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THF. BUCKNELLIAN
Content: NOVEMBER 13, 1970 time again to juggle out a somewhat tipsy scheduleload. to try
    and get a gut or two a preferential prof (that's new) -- and ending up
    somehow instead with 8 a.m.'s (most spent in bed). there's no sense getting
    hassled -- this (be of cheer -- an optimist) may never even come to be. you
    could flunk out before feb 3. ah -- to have come to buc knell when she was
    just a country club! STEVE KELMAN, A Democratic Socialist of the Michael
    Hamngton school, has some interesting comments on his fellow Harvard
    students in his book, Push Comes to Shove. In speaking of the SDS influence
    over Harvard students, he observed: . "Unreality doesn't, however, incubate
    automatically ne- cause of a favorable environment. Concrete steps must be
    taken to disorient students from any sort of bearings or points of reference
    to reality. Black must be made to appear white, two plus two equal five.
    This task is easier because most students come to Harvard without very
    definite or strong political beliefs . . . Most Harvard stu dents will
    confess to changing their minds back and forth depending on which side's
    polemic they read last . . . Students come to Harvard, as they do Wayne
    State or'V alleyH m ^r College, without a concise view of political reality
    or a developed ideo logical outlook towards the values on which society and
    its government should be based. Think back to your high school years and
    your own view of polities. Most of us had no personal foreign policy or
    well-developed stand on universal medical care. We entered collegiate life
    ready to learn to become familiar with the great issues of man and the
    state, to know of where we could find meaning and then come to our own con
    clusions as to Truth. . , Yet, this is too often not the situation on
    American campus^ today.

Heading: J
Content: It is interesting to note how SDS gained hold of the pohbcal bdirfs of many
    Harvard students. Kelman explains the manner in which maiv students found
    their political answers. , . *< . when political beliefs are molded merely
    on the basis of reading and talking and not on the basis of experfence, it
    becomes relatively easy to change students' nunds by exposing them to a
    constant diet of one side only . . *This pressure, all from one side is
    constant and takes its toll. Harvard is no different in this respect than
    most American coUege cam puses. Nor does the indoctrination come only from
    SDS. Witness the !results of a recent faculty opinion survey by the Carnegie
    Commisston !m ffigher Education, which polled over sixty thousand faculty m
    en ^ rs in all academic fields. It found that forty-seven percoit^ members
    (in all fields) considered themselves Left or Liberal and only twenty-four
    percent labelled themselves Moderate or strong conservatives. Over eighty
    percent in Sociology, seventy-one percent in Political Science, seventySeven
    percent in Philosophy, and sixty-eight percent m History, classified
    themselves as Liberal or Left. Corresponding erate or Strong Conservatives
    were Sociology five percent, Political Sci ence nine percent, Philosophy,
    eight percent, History twelve percent It is no wonder that the discussion on
    campus too often becom 1 framed in terms of liberal versus radical. As
    Professor Stephen Tonsor has commented, "The ideological and cultural
    uniformity of higher edu- cationin America is a disgrace . . .  Our colleges
    and universities have conformed themselves over the past two decades to the
    orthodoxy of sec- ^ H o

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: '  conservatives teach on your faculty? Is Kirk, Voegelin, nr p7,n Burke read in
    your Political Theory courses? Are Friedman, Von Mises and Allen discussed
    in your Economics courses? When was toe l^ fto n T a  conservative case
    against our present weUare pohciM >>  yo<<r s << * * w  " >> * " L J
    University presenting all views in its search for Truth, exists on too tew
    American campuses.8 Students must express their >>^independence and S c h t
    o r  dtifering ideas from the liberal orthodoxy of the academy. One S e r f
    w S f h a s W n e d  to toe practice of acatomuc freedom by those who so
    loudly proclaim their adherence to toe principle. se

Heading: ;
Content: 

Heading: W m P
Content: >>/ #' -?si H I s m <<-.;

Heading: fe L
Content: f f <<

Heading: I
Content: m

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: *  : %

Heading: 6
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: Q. What'll you have?
Content: 

Heading: A. Pabst Blue Ribbon,because
Content: 

Heading: it has something no other
Content: 

Heading: beer has . . .  good old-time
Content: 

Heading: flavor. And if perchance we
Content: 

Heading: have not covered every
Content: 

Heading: thing you've always wanted
Content: 

Heading: to know about beer but
Content: 

Heading: were afraid to ask . . .  quell
Content: 

Heading: those fears. You'll find the
Content: 

Heading: answers to all your ques
Content: 

Heading: tions inside an ice-cold
Content: 

Heading: bottle or can
Content: 

Heading: of Pabst. On
Content: 

Heading: second
Content: 

Heading: thought,
Content: 

Heading: why not buy
Content: 

Heading: a 6-pack?
Content: 

Heading: It's our
Content: 

Heading: "refresher"
Content: 

Heading: course.
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: Q. What are these horses trying to pull?
Content: 

Heading: * A. They're pulling one day's production of Pabst beer. This often caused
Content: 

Heading: traffic jams outside the brewery. These tieups were the results of efforts
Content: 

Heading: to supply the increasing demand for Pabst. A demand that has remained
Content: 

Heading: unquenched to the present day.
Content: 

Heading: M * <<*::*> *'<<*: S
Content: <<SC W SS M O ttM t <<

Heading: 5
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: O. H o w  is Pabst
Content: 

Heading: brewed?
Content: 

Heading: A.
Content: 

Heading: 1. Choice hops
Content: 

Heading: are gathered and
Content: 

Heading: placed here. 86.
Content: 

Heading: Then we mix in
Content: 

Heading: only the best
Content: 

Heading: grains. 22. Then
Content: 

Heading: the beer is allowed to brew slowly and naturally. 64. Look closely.
Content: 4

Heading: This is a secret process that gives Pabst its good old-time flavor.
Content: PA8ST BREWING COMPANY * Milwaukee, wise.. Peoria Heights, III., Newark. N. J.,
    Los Alleles. Cal., Pabst, Ga. NOVEMBER 13, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE
Content: 

Heading: TOREE
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: Zeller Explains Budget Deficit;
Content: 

Heading: Expects Expenditure Increase
Content: By JOHN DE BENEDICTIS The Vice-President of business and finance, John F.
    Zeller, assur ed students, Tuesday, that the Uni versity would not go
    bankrupt, de spite last year's $370,000 deficit. Zeller's lecture sponsored
    by Concern Through Action, was held to New Dorm Pit to enlighten the
    students as to the nature of the University's financial situation. The
    deficit suffered last year was the first in the school's history al though,
    in Zeller's words, "it's been nip and tuck the past couple years." The
    deficit resulted from  unexpect ed expenditures for library facili ties,
    science equipment, and physi cal plant costs. The most alarming unbudgeted
    expense was the loss of $20,000 in equipment due to theft. Other
    contributing factors to the debt were the stock m arket drop, a drop in
    gains from  contracted re search, and the cut-down in scholar ship grants.
    Bucknell was unaf fected by the pennslyvania state financial distress,
    whereas the state colleges and universities suffered badly. This year the
    University is ex pected to undergo a seven per-cent increase in
    expenditures. The m a jority of this increase w ill go to wards salaries,
    maintenance of the physical plant, and construction of the University
    Center. The slack w ill be taken up by an increase in student tuition. This
    in crease in student tuition will also be employed to make up the present
    existing deficit. Zeller said that the school would require another $750,000
    for opera tion this year and that state and federal government assistance,
    en dowments, and gifts would not cover the increased cost of operat ing the
    campus. Therefore, he went on, tuition or more students are re quired to
    balance the budget.

Heading: STRAND
Content: 

Heading: SUNBURY, PA.
Content: 

Heading: TONIGHT THRU TUESDAY
Content: BARBARA STREISAND In

Heading: "O N  A  CLEAR
Content: 

Heading: DAY YOU CAN
Content: 

Heading: SEE FOREVER"
Content: in Color

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Stndent-Faculty Ratios Vary Greatly
Content: W EEKDAYS A T 7:00 & 9:00 SAT FROM  1:. SUN FROM  2. a tx s o o w s o is o iss o
    to to o o * * * * * * * In an address last week to the faculty, President
    Watts indicated that there would be no reductions in staff or cutbacks to
    salary and went further to say that modest salary increases would be
    consider ed. Much of the problem to predict ing university expenditures
    arises from  the inability of the university to accurately predict the size
    and the needs of each entering fresh man class. Policy usually offers
    admission to 1500 students expect ing only 750 to accept and, to the same
    way, up to $350,000 to scholar ships are offered expecting only $150,000 of
    them to be used. As has happened with this year's freshman class, an
    unexpected 50 students have accepted entrance. Although this means extra
    capital for the university, it also means greater expense for scholarships
    and for maintenance of facilities. Extra students are beneficial as long an
    additional staff or facilitites are unneeded. ? The university will not be
    ex pecting aid from  the federal or state governments, or private cor
    porations and therefore can no longer afford to expend indefinitely. Despite
    serious setbacks such as rising insurance costs, lowered in com e from  the
    federal government for contracted research and increas ed remodeling and
    construction costs, the university does not plan on a deficit for the coming
    year and will do it's best to prevent such an occurence to the future.

Heading: Phys Ed
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) mendations be considered by the Departments of Physical
    Education when and if the University faculty acts favorably on the ABS
    proposal of October 28, 1970. . ." The proposal recommends that . the
    departments offer program s in I specific areas of instruction with I
    special emphasis on carry-over | sports. Each sem ester which a student
    elects will receive .25 credits in ward graduation but no credit in the
    students cumulative G. P. A. Students would also be lim ited to taking four
    sem esters for credit, al though m ore could be taken with out credit if the
    student wished. In concluding the proposal states, " The ABS futher recom
    mends that a wide range of courses be offered and that the material offered
    in each course would be of sufficient depth and thoroughness to warrant the
    credit granted."

Heading: New Courses
Content: Engineering Planning 330, offered by the Civil Engineering Depart ment, is a
    lecture-seminar course which will team  up one engineering student and one
    non-engineering student to study various engineer ing projects, successful
    and unsuc cessful, and to devise and justify som e new system. Robert Brun-
    graber, professor of civil engineer ing and the course sponsor, also plans
    to have a series of five or six seminars featuring successful gov ernment
    and industrial planners. The other course, Engineering 250 - Modern
    Technology, is not listed in the Class Schedule. Offered by the chairmen of
    the four engin eering departments - Coder, Brun- graber, Slonaker, and
    Walker - the course is designed for all students, but it is not open to
    engineering m ajors. It will be offered MWF, 9:00 - 10:00, and will be a
    survey of the principles, practice, and phil osophy of engineering, and will
    in clude a discussion of both the po tentials and limitations of engineer
    ing towards the solution of the prob lem s of an ever-expanding tech
    nological society.

Heading: Polk Dancing
Content: Indigo is sponsoring an evening of folk dancing and singing on Fri day, November
    13, from  8-11 in Swartz Lounge.

Heading: Selinsgrove
Content: Indigo is sponsering a party for a boys' wartfi at Selinsgrove on Sun day
    afternoon, November 15. Sign ups are posted by the cafeteria Cars will leave
    on Sunday at 2:00 from  NewDorm parking lot. If you can provide
    transportation, please call Linda Mumford at 3373.

Heading: Car Pool
Content: There will be a meeting to form a car pool at Christmas time for students living
    in Chicago and In diana in New Dorm Pit on Monday at 7:30 p.m.

Heading: Laser
Content: " Laser Light,"  an award-winning Scientific American film  describing lasers
    and their application will be present Sunday, Monday, and Tues day at 8 p.m
    . in the Olin Science auditorium.

Heading: Pound
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Friday. November 13 , - . << ,, ij 1:30 p m - % PS PS SCieDCe Fam : I r f n
    House 6:30 p.m . Jewish Services M editation. 8:00 p.m . Hilltop: " The
    Extermination Angel Vaughan Lit. Aud. Saturday, November 14 8:00 a.m . 1:30
    p.m. 8:00 p.m. ;iuuci a ** . ,. Federal Service Entrance Examinatmn
    Examination Carnegie Bldg. 208 Soccer vs. Lehigh West Field Trax Hall Film :
    " My Little Chickadee' plus Cartoons Vaughan Lit. Aud. Sunday, November 15 .
    , 10:30 a.m . Chapel: Chapel Choir Service O rnpd 4:00 p.m . Catholic Mass
    Rooke onapel Monday, November 16 Am. Inst, of Chem. Engrs. Lecture: Mr.
    George W. Sheary: " Harvesting and Treating Ocean Nicki Nodules Dana
    Engrrng. 313 Faculty Computer Seminar Fam ily Swim Night Bucknell W ives ,,
    English Dept. Film : " Chronicle Of A Summer Vaughan Lit. Aud. Tuesday,
    November 17 Catholic Mass Panhellenic Fashion Show Intercollegiate Debate
    Society Sigma-7 Faculty Seminar Christian Science Organization Artist
    Series: N ey York Pro Musica Production of " An Entertainment for Elizabeth"
    Davis Gymnasium After Concert Yoga M otetten  In*ruct>>.n o p e n e d ^
    After Concert International Affairs Club Arab-Israel Student Debate t'arey "
    ouse 11:00 a.m . 4:00 p.m . 7:00 p.m . 8:00 p.m . 8:00 p.m . 4:45 p.m 6:30
    p.m 7:00 p.m 7:00 p.m 7:30 p.m 8:15 p.m Dana Engrtog. 228 Freas-Rooke Pool
    University Lounge Hooke Chapel Hunt Hall Living Room Vaughan Lit. 203 Dana
    Engrtog. 228 Vaughan Lit. 241 A pair of glasses have been found at the
    hanging bridge, brown frame and a tan case. Owner please con tact 524-2895.

Heading: Choir
Content: The Chapel Choir will present an all music worship service at 10:30 a.m . this
    Sunday in Rooke Chapel. A

Heading: January Project
Content: There will be a meeting of all in terested in the Photography Jan Plan, Monday,
    November 16 at 7:30 p.m. in Coleman Hall, Room  101A. It is very important
    that all those interested attend.

Heading: Kuntsler
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) to all but two of the team, and that everything was
    O.K. Tuesday, Smith acknowledged that he was satisfied when the class
    representatives returned to see him. All that remained was for Latour to
    sign a form . Latour wasn't in Tuesday afternoon. Pais returned to Latour
    with Smith's authorization and was in formed that the gym  had already been
    reserved by the intramural swim m eet. * Latour said, " Coach Schumacher, t
    (director of totramurals) had originally scheduled the m eet for Tuesday and
    Wednesday not realiz ing that the Artist Series was a concert type affair,
    (this is Schu m acher's first year here) Mr. Schu macher agreed to change
    the meet to Monday and Wednesday." The director of athletics went on to say,
    " I don't think that having a swimming m eet next door, with all the crowd
    and sounds of starters guns would be very conducive to a speech in the gym
    ." Pais has scheduled meetings with other University officials in an ef fort
    to find a way to reserve the gym for the speech. When asked about holding
    the speech in another location Pais commented, " all the other locations on
    campus are too sm all for the size of the crowd we're expecting. Commenting
    on the fact that P a is ' had charged that the athletic de partment was
    giving the sophomore class the run-around Latour said, " We're not trying to
    give anyone the run-around. People com e in here every day expecting us to
    change our schedule to fit the rest of the campus. I have nothing against
    Kunstler speaking on cam pus, but I don't think Mr. Pais is taking into
    account many factors which we have to consider."

Heading: Let's Get It Straight
Content: 

Heading: RUNNING AWAY
Content: Once I watched a little child who had disobeyed his m oth er. She had caught him
    in the very act What did he do? He didn't run away from her but toward her,
    to hide his head in her apron. He knew that a mother's heart may be strict
    but it is also forgiving. _____________

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: ABS Debates Senate
Content: Many persons run away from God because they do not know Him well. "I'm not .good
    enough to be a Chris tian (or a church member)," they say, forgetting that
    they are precisely the ones Jesus ] Christ came to save--the sin ners. They
    are like Peter,, who when he beheld the mir acle of the fishes performed by
    Jesus, was so overcome by Christ's holiness and his own unworthiness that he
    cried out, " Depart from me; for I am a sinful man, O Lord." When Jesus
    Christ con fronts you in your sinful state, what do you do? Do you reject
    Him or instinctive ly draw nearer to Him, sens ing that healing lies in His
    *touch? Your heart is troubled by many things. God grant that as you read
    these lines you may sense Christ's presence troubling your conscience. When
    that happens, don't make the mistake that Peter i did. Don't send Him away.
    | Don't toss this message aside. You can't stifle a guilty con science by
    rejecting Christ. Dismissing from your mind all thoughts about God and the
    life to come will not give you peace. It will make you worse. An intelligent
    man does not simply suppress pain; he Beeks to find the cause and heal that.
    Only in the heart of Christ can you fin d forgiveness. Throw yourself upon
    His mercy. Take God's prescription for the pangs of guilt: "Believe oii the
    Lord Jesus Christ, and you shall be saved. . . Draw nigh to God, and he will
    draw nigh to you." (Continued from  Page 1) This was the creation of a
    Commit tee on Information Resources, which would " develop policies for the
    ad ministration and coordination of the information centers, e.g. the Book
    store, Library, Computer Center, and O ffice of Instructional M edia." This
    amendment was an out growth of the added function of the Senate passed last
    week, which pro vided for the powers stipulated above. The m ajority of
    debate on the issue was centered around the number of mem bers the faculty
    and student body should have on the com m ittee. It was finally decided, by
    a vote of 14-5-1, that there should be 3 Faculty, and 4 students. One of the
    most controversial !(#<<ms about the Senate is its ap- parent lack of power
    to dealing with anything academ ic. In this vein, an amendment from Bob
    Nachshto was offered which deleted a paragraph restricting the Senate from
    recommending budget allocations for the form al program of studies. The
    motion was passed, with only one person abstaining. Another motion offered
    was in relation to the line in the present document, " (The Senate) w ill
    rec ommend policy. . . guiding . . . pri orities for the principal
    allocations of the general University budget, and will review the budget
    after its adoption." There was much debate on the question of whether or not
    the Sen ate should review before adoption. John Dunlop, Dean of Student Af
    fairs, stated that he felt it mighe com e down to a question o f " faith to
    the Vice-President of Business and Finance to " listen"  to what the Senate
    recommends. Jeff Sengsteck, Senior Class Presi dent, retorted that he felt
    that hav ing a " check"  over the budget, might be advisable since some
    facet might be distasteful to the Senate then, which when considered pre
    viously, might have been accept able. The whole issue was clarified, i
    however, when to response to a question from  Bob Wendel, Dean Dunlop stated
    that even if the Sen ate was empowered to deal with the budget before
    adoption, it would only have the last three weeks in May to do so. It was m
    ore or less agreed by all that this would be im practicable, and the
    amendment to " review before adoption"  was defeated. piiiaM BM iaiiiiHii
    Lia a y -- --------------' ----------- . ,  , , <<
    iiiuimmiimiiiiiMmiiMlillllllIBlWllllIBUIIiWillUHiaMmiiBIHf1(tm)^

Heading: A V tlS t !jEURTlEURS
Content: 

Heading: S U N D A Y S
Content: For the free booklet, "R epent ," write to B O X  327, RID G EFIELD , N . J.
    07657. D ept. BU

Heading: Huey Newton
Content: 

Heading: Daniel Berrigan
Content: 

Heading: Margaret Mead
Content: 

Heading: Nicholas Johnson
Content: 

Heading: Soledad Brothers
Content: 

Heading: Charles Garry
Content: 

Heading: Leroi Jones
Content: 

Heading: 2:30 --  5 P. M.
Content: 

Heading: John K. Galbraith
Content: 

Heading: Madeline O 'Haire
Content: 

Heading: Rev. Carl McIntyre
Content: 

Heading: James Foreman
Content: 

Heading: Women's Liberation
Content: 

Heading: Hardhats
Content: 

Heading: Students
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: t h e b u c k n e l l ia n NOVEMBER 13, 1970

Heading: I
Content: #

Heading: W e Bring Them All Together
Content: 

Heading: PACIFICA
Content: 

Heading: WV B U - F M  90.5
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) the greatest orchestra in Am erica, will perform  here
    on Decem ber 22, under the baton of Pierre Boulez. In world-wide demand for
    podium appearances, Mr. Boulez has an un precedented five-year agreement
    with the Cleveland Orchestra as principal guest conductor through the
    1971-722 season. The Gregg Smith Singers, 24 mixed voices, will present the
    first concert after the new year. Their date is February 3. For the final
    program  the Artist Series will offer a m aor concert of dance. Given by the
    Pennsylvania Ballet, this program w ill include a perform ance of " Carmina
    Bur ana" written by the contemporary com poser Carl Orff. _____ __ . v p * *
    u v i| n c .

Heading: Series Focuses Upon Departmental Staffing
Content: 

Heading: SS
Content: >>H By JACKIE STUBBA Features Editor's Note: This article is the second in a
    series of Interviews with department chair men regarding the ratio of stu
    dents to faculty. The professors ad dressed themselves to such ques tions
    as: What is the present ratio > and bow has it compared over the past fey
    years? Is the department understaffed? Does this affect the quality of
    education the students are receiving? This week's inter views include the
    departments of biology, English, and physics. * * * Professor

Heading: J.
Content: 

Heading: H.
Content: Harcelrode, chairman of the biology depart ment, expressed much concern over the
    high student-faculty ratio in his department. The classroom  situa tion
    varies-som e ratios are 20:1 or 30:1, but he commented that it is not
    unusual to have 60-100 students in one class. Enrollment to the introductory
    course for non-majors alone total to 270 students -- all taught by one
    professor. With only eight staff mem bers and 330 m ajors he stated, " We
    are very critically under staffed to addition to teaching, the advising load
    is approximately an 40:1 ratio." Professor Harclerode sees this overload as
    a result of such a large number of biology m ajors. " This school attracts
    excellent students and many com e here especially for our noted biology
    department. One out of every nine students is a bio. m ajor."  he explained.
    Accom odations for this large num ber have had to be made. " Seven lab
    sessions must be run in the

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: Think About It
Content: 

Heading: PA CIFICA
Content: 

Heading: Sunday
Content: 

Heading: 2:30-- 5:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: W V B U - F M
Content: 

Heading: >
Content: 

Heading: 90.5
Content: 

Heading: The Intelligent Alternative
Content: #a iH im inmiMIllllUmilBllllUliliWIliBMIUlHIW

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 524-0744
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: " Faith, to my mind, is a stif fening process, a sort of mental starch, which
    ought to be ap plied as sparingly as possible." --E. M. Forster

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 11:00 A Jd. SUNDAY

Heading: V aughan Lit library
Content: #niiuiiiiiuiiBiiiiuiiuiiinuiiiiiMiiiiiuiiiiinwMi

Heading: Color Productions Present
Content: 

Heading: IN CONCERT
Content: 

Heading: Blood, Sweat & Tears
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAY. DECEMBER 5
Content: 

Heading: FARM SHOW ARENA HBG., PA.
Content: 

Heading: $5.00 Advance ticket purchase
Content: 

Heading: $6.00 Door ticket price
Content: Send self addressed stamped envelope to: Color Productions, Inc. BOX 336,
    HARRISBURG, P A  17108 evenings because there isn't enough time to the day,"
    said Harclerode. "This is the only science here that has had to do that."
    Hiring four graduate and under graduates as lab teaching assist ants helps,
    but advising, writing recommendations and reading lab reports still requires
    a tremendous amount of time. Due to a limited budget, the Uni versity had to
    deny the request to enlarge the staff. Yet, in spit of an inadequate ratio
    of faculty mem bers, the professor considers the quality of education that
    the stu dents receive to be excellent. He stated, " This department has sent
    the highest percent of m ajors on to graduate school. Our average m ajor is
    to the top 8% of all biology m ajors to the country." Reasonable Ratio
    Professor H. R. Garvin, of the department of English, averaged the
    introductory freshman ratio to be slightly over 20:1. Most of the upperclass
    courses have lim ited their individual classes to a m axi mum of 30-35
    students, though, to many cases, it's lower, which he believes to be fairly
    reasonable. Although it varies with each in dividual, Garvin estim ated that
    a faculty member spends 9 hours in the classroom  and 60-70 hours in outside
    preparation and reading. In addition, many o f them advise student projects
    (last year there w ere about 50), involving a great amount of work for which
    profes sors do not get credit. He explained, " It's a very hard-working
    depart ment but, to general, they don't complain about it, they just do it.
    Members are worked to capacity and m ore." Presently, the department is look
    ing for a permanent member to fill an opening in the staff. Since last
    spring, this position of assistant professor has been tem porarily fill ed
    by a lecturer. Realizing the need in som e other departments, Garvin
    commented that the English de partment cannot further enlarge its staff in
    the immediate future. The student-faculty ratio under the

Heading: This Week
Content: 

Heading: On Pacifica
Content: Interview with the Rev. Daniel Berrigan The Rev. Daniel Berrigan was one of the
    Catonsville (M aryland) Nine who destroyed selective ser vice records and
    then awaited ar rest in 1968 in order to protest the Vietnam War. He was
    sentenced to 3 years to prison on April 9, 1970, at which time he went
    underground. He has since been apprehended and taken to prison. Attitudes in
    the South and Midwest towards dissenters Carlos Hagen (the commentator)
    makes a plea for objectivity in the study and presentation of political and
    social phenomena, then he presents a survey of the attitudes of the rural
    population from  the south and midwest towards dis senters, civil rights m
    archers and racial integration. present circum stances, he feels, will be
    sufficient. Physics: Not Understaffed Professor R. W. Hendy, chair man of
    the physics department, estimated the total physics enroll ment to be about
    385 students. The classroom  ratio varies: the 300 freshmen in the
    introductory course divide into groups of about 30:1, but the upperclassmen
    attend clas ses of 10-15 students. The physics staff spends much time
    reading current library journ als and advising students, but Pro fessor
    Henry said the department is not understaffed. " It's under- studented-it
    could stand a few m ore m ajors,"  he commented. Over the past few years
    there have remained Because sotrie fraternities have not yet submitted their
    new freshman pledge classes, a com plete listing of them in THE BUCKNELLIAN
    w ill be delayed until next week. a constant number of majors-about 10-15
    from  each graduating class. Although Henry sees no need for m ore
    professors, he would like to offer m ore courses to non-majors. The A.B.
    program is more flexible, now, and should offer " culture-type courses, such
    as the Principles of Physics, not overly technical, yet expounding ideas."
    Some of the courses have com bined for next year, thus new ideas for courses
    can be considered.

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: 

Heading: ' S
Content: 

Heading: House of Fashion
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-0790
Content: s o o s o o o o o o o o o o s e e s o o o e s i

Heading: H U N G R Y ! ! ! ! !
Content: 

Heading: CALL CAMPUS DELIVER SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: 5 2 3 - 9 2 5 1
Content: 

Heading: N O W  DEUVERING
Content: 

Heading: PIZZAS, HOAGIES, SANDWICHES & SOFT DRINKS
Content: 

Heading: Sunday through Thursday
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 p.m- to Midnight
Content: mnmHitiitHuunniiHniniiuHi #<<#<<a t h e b u c k n e l l ia n NOV. 13, 1970

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: 

Heading: General Electric's been
Content: 

Heading: building bigger jet engines
Content: 

Heading: for 30 years.
Content: 

Heading: W hen are they going
Content: 

Heading: to start building cleaner
Content: 

Heading: jet engines?
Content: 

Heading: Not many people know that
Content: 

Heading: General Electric started building a jet
Content: 

Heading: engine in 1941. America's first jet
Content: 

Heading: engine.
Content: 

Heading: That jet produced only 1200
Content: 

Heading: pounds of thrust.
Content: 

Heading: Our newest jet, for the DC-10,
Content: 

Heading: produces around 50,000 pounds
Content: 

Heading: of thrust.
Content: 

Heading: In the early days of jet aviation,
Content: 

Heading: the important thing was thrust.
Content: 

Heading: But suddenly our skies are filled
Content: 

Heading: with jets. And, suddenly, jet pollution
Content: 

Heading: is a major problem.
Content: 

Heading: General Electric tackled it head
Content: 

Heading: on when building the DC-10 engines.
Content: 

Heading: And we accomplished two things.
Content: 

Heading: When you see the DC-10 take
Content: 

Heading: to the air, you'll see no black marks
Content: 

Heading: against the sky. Because the engines
Content: 

Heading: make virtually no smoke.
Content: 

Heading: Of course, there's more to jet
Content: 

Heading: exhaust than just smoke. Our goal is
Content: 

Heading: someday to make jets run totally clean.
Content: 

Heading: Another problem with jets is
Content: 

Heading: noise. If you've ever lived anywhere
Content: 

Heading: near an airport, we don't have to
Content: 

Heading: tell you that.
Content: 

Heading: General Electric has been
Content: 

Heading: working on noise, too.
Content: 

Heading: CE was chosen by the federal
Content: 

Heading: government to help solve this
Content: 

Heading: problem for the aviation industry. At
Content: 

Heading: present, we know of no way a
Content: 

Heading: powerful turbofan engine can be
Content: 

Heading: made noiseless. But we've made
Content: 

Heading: progress in that direction.
Content: 

Heading: The DC-10 engines, for instance,
Content: 

Heading: are quieter than any jet engines on
Content: 

Heading: the passenger planes of the Sixties.
Content: 

Heading: Quieter, even though they're more
Content: 

Heading: than three times as powerful.
Content: 

Heading: We have more work to do
Content: 

Heading: before we'll satisfy all the people
Content: 

Heading: concerned about jet pollution,
Content: 

Heading: ourselves included. But because
Content: 

Heading: we've been working at it since the
Content: 

Heading: mid-Fifties, before it was widely
Content: 

Heading: recognized as much of a problem,
Content: 

Heading: G E N E R A L (r)  EL E CT R I C
Content: 

Heading: we've already crossed some
Content: 

Heading: important hurdles.
Content: W h y are w e  run ning this a d ?

Heading: We're running this ad, and
Content: 

Heading: others like it, to tell you the things
Content: 

Heading: General Electric is doing to solve
Content: 

Heading: the problems of man and his
Content: 

Heading: environment today.
Content: 

Heading: The problems concern us
Content: 

Heading: because they concern you. We're a
Content: 

Heading: business and you are potential
Content: 

Heading: customers and employees.
Content: 

Heading: But there's another, more
Content: 

Heading: important reason. These problems
Content: 

Heading: will affect the future of this country
Content: 

Heading: and this planet. We have a stake in
Content: 

Heading: that future. As businessmen. And,
Content: 

Heading: simply, as people.
Content: 

Heading: We invite your comments.
Content: 

Heading: Please write to General Electric,
Content: 

Heading: 570 Lexington Ave., New York, N.Y.
Content: 

Heading: 10022
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: 'On the Other Side of the Desk'
Content: 

Heading: Student Teachers Relate
Content: 

Heading: Wide Experience Ranges
Content: By JANET KOCH This sem ester is som ething out of the ordinary for forty-eight
    seniors who are sitting on the other side of the teacher's desk. They are
    student-teaching in area schools, preparing for post-graduate careers. Ten
    are teaching on the elementary, and thirty-eight on the secondary, levels.
    Their reactions to their new educational environ ment are varied, but m ost
    seem to agree on one thing -- they like it, For Mary Ellen Caccetta, teach
    ing first grade at the Mifflinburg Elementary School is " a lot more
    difficult"  than she expected, but Mary Ellen also terms the experi ence "
    the m ost valuable education course I've had here."  This idea was echoed by
    Andy Hartman, teaching Am erican History at Lewisburg High School, who said
    he was "learning m ore from  being a teacher. It m akes you much m ore aware
    of the subject." Charles W albridge is teaching tenth and twelfth grade
    classes in Biology at Shikellamy High School and, for him , " teaching is a
    de-

Heading: P
Content: 

Heading: rinte
Content: 

Heading: 9deg
Content: Please send all announcements of pinnings, engagements and wedd ings to "
    Private Eye,"  Box W-157. manding job, and requires a lot of preparation."
    He also cited the im portance of a good critic-teacher- student-teacher
    relationship for a rewarding student teaching experi ence. The problem  of
    adjusting to a com pletely new type of schedule was often alluled to. Kris
    Redmond, teaching first grade at Millward Elementary School, said that "
    standing all day was tiring at first." Joan Gerrity is teaching second grade
    at Southward School. Al though she is enjoying teaching, she is also looking
    forward to " gett ing back to classes second sem es ter. I m iss being able
    to read a lot, m iss seeing the kids." Jane Cole, a first grade student-
    teacher at M ifflinburg, also expres sed a feeling of being " really re
    moved from  the campus, and obliv ious to things like m id-term s." Jane
    added that it is " difficult to be a student-teacher among es tablished
    teachers. You feel very much a 'student' teacher."  Most re ported good
    relations with the teachers, and avoidance of contro versial topics. As
    Hartman said, " I'm  there to learn how to teach kids." It might seem that
    discipline would pose a problem . (The stu dent-teacher is not the
    authorative figure that the teacher is.) But very few mentionel disciplinary
    problems of any great importance. W albridge cited " the usual ones trying
    to bandy words with you." He counters occasional flying ob jects by calm ly
    confiscating the m issile, and proceeding as if noth ing unusual had
    happened. Hartman said that there are " good days and bad days, but usually
    I can keep the kids under control."  None of those teaching on the
    elementary level cited disciplinary problems as such. A greater stumbling
    block, m ore so in tire lower grades than the high schools, is the wide
    range of abilities each class absorbs. " With as many as 32 in a class,"
    Mary Ellen said, " you can't give each kid the tim e you'd like to give them
    ."  Jane noted that at times " you run into things in stories that the kids
    haven't heard of, things like 'running water' and 'baker.' Some aren't 'm
    iddle-class' kids, and som etim s you forget it." Despite the adjustment,
    the extra work load, and the minor, unfore seen difficulties that arise, the
    stu dent-teachers (at least those inter viewed) com pose a happy group of
    seniors. As Jane summed it up, " It's nice to see an application of what
    you've learnel."

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: B R O Z M A N 'S  R O C K  S H O P
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of liv in g
Content: 

Heading: ............
Content: 

Heading: You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: ask for your free copy of RAGS magazine ............

Heading: This is the way it is.
Content: 

Heading: re into it.
Content: 

Heading: Wrangler
Content: 

Heading: Jeans
Content: Wremember the "W" is silent.

Heading: WITH
Content: C ^ E I A N E S E *

Heading: PS
Content: R TR El! POLYESTER

Heading: Silco Stores
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: ..rivial
Content: Though all Trivial readers prob ably know that the Jack of Hearts and the Jack
    of Spades are one- eyed jacks, how many of you know that in every deck of
    cards: All the jacks have blond hair, and the Jack of Spades alone has
    ringlets. The King of Diamonds holds a battle-ax, and the other three hold
    swords. (The King of Hearts holds his sword behind his head.) The King of H
    earts, the Jack of Diamonds, and the Jack of Clubs do not have moustaches.
    And each of the queens holds a flower in her hand.

Heading: Focus: The Draft
Content: By DAN MARTIN Features Editor's Note: The following article is the second in a
    series digested from  the BUCKNELL ENGINEER, M arch, 1870, Vol. 21, Number
    3. It is based on an article in that pidjlication by Joseph W. Rogers,
    assistant professor of electrical engineering, entitled " A Short Look at
    the Selective Service."  This series Is meant to illuminate its readers on
    the M ilitary Selective Service Act and the draft. There exists in die
    present Selective Service Act a student classification other than that of H
    S. Regulation 1622.15 states that in the class of I-S " shall be placed any
    registrant who while satisfactorily pursuing a full-time course of
    instruction at a college, university, or sim ilar institution of learn ing
    ami dining his academ ic year at such institution is ordered to report for
    induction . . ."  This deferment is the only one that is available once an
    induction order has been assured, and permits a student to com plete an
    academ ic year if he has held a II-S de ferm ent, and lost it because he
    reached the age of twenty-four or ran into academ ic difficulties. One may
    consider some regulations related to the student de ferments: Regulation
    1641.7 requires that it is the duty of every classified registrant to keep
    his local board currently inform ed of his occupational, marital,
    dependency, and m ilitary status, his physical condition, home address, and
    receipt of certain profes sional degrees within ten days o f change in such,
    in writing. One is, in effect, required to inform  the local board that one
    m ay be eligible for a lower classification even though it is not desired.
    Another regulation, 1622.1, points out that each registrant will be
    considered as available for m ilitary duty until his eligibility for
    deferment or exemption from  m ilitary service is clearly es tablished, to
    the satisfaction of the local board. If one desires a deferment, then, this
    regulation says that the burden of the proof lies on the registrant to prove
    to the local draft board that he is eligible for a classification other than
    I-A Then the board is charged with putting him into the lowest
    classification for which he is eligible (see chart in last week's
    Bucknellian). The Numbers Game On another line, the lottery system m ay, to
    many be a confus ing and unclear operation and this view seem s quite
    understandable considering that many provisions o f it are open to
    interpretation. When a call is received from  the State D irector of
    Selective Service for a specified number of men to be delivered for induc
    tion the local board selects and issues orders enough for the num ber of men
    required to fill the call. These men are selected from among the registrants
    who have been classified in Class I-A or Class I-A-O, and to whom a
    Statement of Acceptability (DD Farm 62) has been m ailed at least twenty-one
    days before the date fixed for induction. When a registrant refuses, or
    fails to com ply with, an order of his local board to report for an arm ed
    forces physical examination, he may however, be ordered to report for
    induction even though the Statement of Acceptability has not been m ailed to
    him. Registrants are selected and ordered to report for induction in the
    following categories, and in the order indicated: X. Volunteers who have not
    attained the age of 26 years. Nonvolunteers in the Extended Priority
    Selection Group (definition follow s). Nonvolunteers in the First Priority
    Selection Group (defini tion follow s). Nonvolunteers in each of the lower
    priority selection groups. Nonvolunteers who have attained the age of
    nineteen years during the calendar year but who have not attained the age of
    twenty years, with the oldest being selected first. Nonvolunteers who have
    attained the age of twenty-six years, with the youngest being selected
    first. Nonvolunteers who have attained the age of eighteen years and six
    months and who have not attained the age of nine teen years, with the oldest
    being selected first. The Extended Priority Selection Group consists of
    registrants who, on Decem ber 31, were mem bers of the First Priority
    Selection Group whose random sequence number had been reached but who had
    not been issued Orders to Report for Induction. The First Priority Selection
    Group consists, in 1970, of non- volunteers in Class I-A or Class I-A-0 bom
    on or after January 1, 1944, and on or before Decem ber 31, 1950, who have
    not attained their twenty-sixth birthday. .. _ , During and after 1971, mem
    bers of the First Priority Selection Group consist of nonvolunteers in Class
    I-A or Class I-A -0 who, prior to January of each calendar year, are between
    nineteen and twenty years old. 2 . 3. 6 . 7. FOHTREL* IS A TRADEMARK OF
    FIBER INDUSTRIES. INC. CELANESE^ C is t o h u e bell . in c .

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: bortion
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: 

Heading: ounseling
Content: 

Heading: , I
Content: 

Heading: nformation
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: nd
Content: 

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: eferral
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: ervices
Content: Abortions up to 24 weeks o f pregnancy are now legal in New York State. There
    are no residency restrictions at cooperating hospitals and clinics. Only the
    consent o f the patient and the performing physician is required. If you
    think you are pregnant, consult your doctor. Don't delay. Early abortions
    are simpler and safer. If you need information or professional assist ance,
    including immediate registration into available hospitals and clinics,
    telephone:

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: he
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: bortion
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: nformation
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: gencv
Content: 

Heading: , I
Content: 

Heading: nc
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: 160 WEST 86th STREET
Content: 

Heading: NEW YORK, N .Y. 10024
Content: 

Heading: 212-873
Content: -

Heading: 6650
Content: 8 A.M. TO 10 P.M.

Heading: SEVEN DAYS A WEEK
Content: 

Heading: Larry Greenwood Stars
Content: 

Heading: For Pitchmen's Defense
Content: 

Heading: Then There Were Two
Content: By DAVE COULTER This season has seemingly been just a collection of bad breaks
    for the Bison soccer team, and last week's game against Delaware was no
    exception. In it standout fullback Larry Greenwood was sent to join the rest
    of BU's 'walking wounded' with a third quarter ankle injury. In spite of
    this injury, Larry wants to be on the field Saturday, as the Bisons conclude
    their season against Lehigh. This illustrates well the reason why he has
    been such an asset to the defense this year. Larry's soccer days began in
    his junior year in high school, with the fullback position, where he has
    played almost exclusively ever since. He initially was seeking just to keep
    in shape, but was taken in by the spirit, the team, and the gam e itself;
    and he has been working hard at it ever since. This year's young defensive
    squad is beginning to look real " tough" to Larry. He believes, " We have to
    malt<< the effort to work together and hustle, hustle is everything on
    defense." Larry expects this year's ex- p erience to pay off next year and
    he forsees " a lot of competition for the positions." The lack of scoring
    this year ap pears to the Blue fullback to be a result of the many injuries
    on the line and the problem of not being able to get the shots. " The last
    game is really impor tant,"  he suggests, " for our at titude and the way we
    respect our selves."  Larry feels the team has great potential next year if
    they

Heading: J A
Content: 

Heading: Z Z
Content: -- w ith --

Heading: CARL TUCKER
Content: 

Heading: SU N DAY NOON --  2:30
Content: 

Heading: WVBU-FM
Content: 

Heading: 90.5
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: work together, for they have the ability if they want to play - it's all
    attitude." You have to be aggressive and keep after the ball, you can't wait
    for the ball or you'll lose it. The fullback praises Coach Rey nolds for "
    working the team hard, so they leam  to push in practice," and for his "
    respect for the play ers." The fans, and the interest in soc cer at BU mean
    a lot to him. The fact that " someone is concerned with haw you do - the
    feeling of playing for someone else besides yourself - is important"  to his
    at titude and spirit. Larry believes that the Bisons have a powerful home
    advantage in the fan support which has been given to the team. Larry has
    great respect for ath letics and keeping physically fit, but he is also
    involved in finding him self and his place in life. He is searching hard "
    to perceive him self in a valid manner." He enjoys associating with people
    and traveling, and has worked with underprivileged children at a cam p
    during the summer, teach ing them among other things the game of soccer. All
    Bison fans wish Larry the best of luck in finding his way off the injured
    list and in preparing for next season, as well as in ful filling his desire
    to retain his con nection with soccer after his grad uation.

Heading: Bisonettes Send Players
Content: 

Heading: To Mid-Eastern Tourney
Content: By LIZA EDGELL Last weekend the field hockey team traveled to Gettysburg for the
    Susquehanna Field Hocney Associa tion Tournament. The tournament is unlike a
    regular season game. This year eight teams were rep resented, including
    Susquehanna, Gettysburg, Wilson College, Penn State, and Centre County Club.
    However, the players were watch ed for individual selection to one of two
    teams which will represent SFHA at the Mid-East competition in Rochester,
    New York this week end. Only two of the Bisonettes are go ing to the Mid-
    Easts. Ronnie Hifles was selected as the right halfback

Heading: IM Swimming
Content: The IM swim tournament will be held November 17 & 18 this year. The events the
    tournament will in clude are: 200 yd. Medely Relay 50 yd. Freestyle 50 yd.
    Backstroke 50 yd. Breastsroke 50 yd. Butterfly 100 yd. Individual Medley 200
    yd. Freestyle Relay The Frease-Rooke natatorium is open weekdays frof 12-1
    for those who wish to taper for the tourna ment. on Susquehanna H. This was
    Ron nie's last SFHA tournament, and she was " very happy"  when she was
    selected. Ronnie scored the first goal of her career in the Mes siah game,
    so her selection was the "perfect end"  to a good season. Marge Deck is also
    going to the Mid-Easts. She was selected as honorable mention at the SFHA
    tournament. She may play at Ro chester if another player is unable to
    compete. Honorable mention players were selected because they were " out
    standing throughout the tourna ment,"  said Lois Bowers as she announced the
    teams. Selection was not the only honor that Marge re ceived. She was also
    elected as the sec retary of the SFHA. Although two mem bers of the team
    were selected for the Mid- East, the general feeling of the team was that m
    ore members could have been selected if they had played up to potential. On
    the first day of the tourna ment, the team " just didn't care enough."  The
    team's spirit seemed to flag after the gam e with Ship- pensburg in which
    two players were injured. Sue Gant caught a drive in the back of her hand,
    and Karen Shar- man was hit in the thumb. Monday it was discovered that
    Karen's thumb was fractured. On Sunday, the Bisonettes " just didn't look
    like the same team " that played on Saturday, hey had the high score of the
    day, beating Centre County Club 3-0.

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for Christmas, Easter or summer?
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities, economic flights, discounts.
Content: 

Heading: Write for information (air mail).
Content: 

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street. Newport, LW .. England
Content: 

Heading: Computers!
Content: 

Heading: Sales
Content: 

Heading: , Systems Support, Engineers, Programmers-all get involved at
Content: 

Heading: RCA.
Content: %

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: We believe in lots of
Content: 

Heading: interface--people work out
Content: 

Heading: their problems together.
Content: 

Heading: We call it "total systems
Content: 

Heading: architecture."
Content: 

Heading: In our Computer Sales and
Content: 

Heading: Systems Program you
Content: 

Heading: receive ten weeks of formal
Content: 

Heading: training that provides you
Content: 

Heading: with a broad knowledge of
Content: 

Heading: the field of your choice-
Content: 

Heading: Sales or Systems.
Content: 

Heading: Engineers can choose a
Content: 

Heading: Rotational Program for a
Content: 

Heading: broad overview of the
Content: 

Heading: company or direct
Content: 

Heading: assignment to the area of
Content: 

Heading: your skill.
Content: 

Heading: Other benefits are that we
Content: 

Heading: are not a narrow specialized
Content: 

Heading: corporation. We are
Content: 

Heading: technologically diverse,
Content: 

Heading: EUROPE
Content: 

Heading: Round-trip DC-8 JE T
Content: 

Heading: from New York
Content: For only $210* round trip, Icelandic Airlines flies you di rect to Luxembourg In
    the heart of Europe for best connections to everywhere. Daily jets. No
    groups to Join. Stay one day or up to 45. Fly Icelandic--for low est fares
    to Iceland, Luxem bourg, England, Scotland, Nor way, Sweden and Denm ark.
    Special fares for students and groups remaining overseas more than 45 days.
    Major credit cards --or Pay Later Plan. Mail coupon; then call your travel
    agent. [*Add

Heading: $20
Content: one way on Frl. and Sat. To: Icelandic Airlines 630 Fifth Ave.. N.Y. 10020

Heading: (212) PL 7-8585
Content: Send folder CN on Lowest Jet Fares to Europe # Student Fares # State ----------
    My travel agent is _Zip_

Heading: human and highly
Content: 

Heading: concerned with the future.
Content: 

Heading: Also we are a total
Content: 

Heading: communications company
Content: 

Heading: that includes defense and
Content: 

Heading: commercial electronic
Content: 

Heading: systems, electronic
Content: 

Heading: components, and solid state
Content: 

Heading: devices of the most
Content: 

Heading: advanced kind.
Content: 

Heading: If you are majoring in
Content: 

Heading: Computer Science,
Content: 

Heading: Electronic or Mechanical
Content: 

Heading: Engineering, or have a
Content: 

Heading: strong interest, regardless
Content: 

Heading: of your major, in Computer
Content: 

Heading: Sales and Systems, we
Content: 

Heading: would like to talk to you.
Content: 

Heading: Contact your College
Content: 

Heading: Placement Director, or write
Content: 

Heading: directly to RCA College
Content: 

Heading: Relations, Dept. E, Cherry
Content: 

Heading: Hill, Camden, New Jersey
Content: 

Heading: 08101. We are an equal
Content: 

Heading: opportunity employer.
Content: 

Heading: On Campus Interviews
Content: 

Heading: December 7,1970
Content: - * >vr y

Heading: ICELANDIC AmuNef
Content: 

Heading: o
Content: 

Heading: mmsaum
Content: 

Heading: air far es
Content: of any scheduled airline t h e b u c k n e l l ia n NOV. 13, 1970

Heading: PAGE SEVEN
Content: 

Heading: IUSJ1
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: NOVEMBER 13. 1870) ,,I >> 'uni' '*nnwmfss

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: ife y!j
Content: 

Heading: E-town Downs Big Blue;
Content: 

Heading: Pitchmen Face Engineers
Content: The Elizabethtown Blue Jays knocked off the Bison hooters 2-0 last Tuesday. The
    Blue and Orange played a tough game but their of fensive drought continued.
    The offense has managed only two goals in the past five games. However Coach
    Craig Reynolds feels that his team could have "easily ended up with a 0-0
    tie. Their first score was a result of a lack of communication while their
    second was on a penalty kick." Elizabethtown scored first early in the first
    quarter. Goalie Lloyd Ryysylsainen charged a long kick just as one of his
    fullbacks went to clear it and the ball slipped past for the goal. The Bison
    defense was then su perb throughout the rest of the game as fullbacks Mike
    Novak, Bob Gibson, and Bob Reed kept the Jay's offense from closing in on
    Ryysylainen and forced the outside shot. Coach Reynolds felt that his of
    fensive line had several good chances to score in the second period but his
    starters tried to pass

Heading: Girl's Roundball
Content: There will be an organizational meeting of all undergraduate wo men interested
    in playing Inter scholastic basketball. The place is Tustin Gym at 4:30,
    Monday No vember 16. If there is anyone who is inter ested but cannot attend
    the meet ing, call Tustin Gym 1212 and leave her name with whomever answers.
    . Alternatively, see Miss Marge Peck before the meeting. In addition Miss
    Peck has an nounced that there will be a course taught in officiating
    basketball for those girls interested in attaining a rating. Officious girls
    should call Miss Peck at 1212. off too often. As a result the Jays outshot
    the Bisons by a 22 to 1 margin throughout the game. In the third period
    freshman cen ter fullback Mike Novak pulled a magnificient play. Recovering
    nicely on a drive by an Elizabethtown line man he tackled the ball. However
    the referee didn't see it that way and awarded a penalty kick to the Jays
    which resulted in their second score. A big blow to the Bison's chances
    against Lehigh is the loss of Rich Collins. The varsity inside right is the
    fourth lineman the Blue and Orange have lost all year. This Saturday marks
    the final game for seniors Glenn Mars, Bob Reed and Lloyd Ryysylanien. Fan
    support has really helped to psyche this year's squad and Coach Rey nolds
    hopes it will continue against Lehigh. The Big Blue hooters will have to
    kick hard if they hope to clinch a second place in the MAC. Lehigh has won
    their last five in a row with nine starters from last year's fine squad the
    Bisons will have a tough battle.

Heading: Pigskin Parade
Content: 

Heading: BU Gridders Meet Lehigh
Content: 

Heading: With Burke Hopeful at QB
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL "Lehigh has the best balanced backfield of any team we've played
    this year." This was Coach Fred Prender's apprasial of the Bisons' opponent
    in Saturday's game. The Engineers are a strong run ning team and utilize a
    full back- field of three runners and a quarter back. Leading rusher for
    Lehigh is full back Jack Rizzo, an MAC sprint champ. Rizzo has picked up 650
    yards on 140 carries. He is complemented by halfback Don Diorio, who has
    gained 460 yards. Engineer quarterback Gerry Berger is small at 5'6" and 160
    pounds, but he is a skillful ball handler and runner. Berger was
    particularly damaging against the Thundering Herd last year. He was a split
    end up until three games ago when the starting sig nal caller, Ron Wilske
    was hurt. Since Berger has filled in, Lehigh has won two of three games, in
    cluding an impressive 36-13 victory over Delaware last Saturday. Overall,
    the Engineers are 4-4 and in games with previous Bison op ponents are 2-1.
    Lehigh scored a 7-0 victory over Rutgers and a 34- 18 win over Gettysburg,
    but lost to Colgate 21-12. The Engineers' leading receiver is tight end Dave
    Gill with 11 catches, who is also an outstanding blocker. ' Coach Prender
    said he plans no defensive changes to counteract the awesome Lehigh running
    game. "We'll have a couple of new sets, but we will use basically the same
    defense as we have so far. Our type of defense against the run has been
    fairly successful." He called last week's Colgate game "just a question of a
    better team, although not 30 points bet ter." In the injury department,
    center John Klenovic, quarterback Howie Burke, and guard Tom Connolly are
    all "hopeful" of seeing action Satur day.

Heading: Harriers Thump E. Stroudsburg
Content: By RICHARD VROON The B.U. Cross Country team leg ged out another victory
    Wednesday, defeating East Stroudsburg by a score of 21-38. The Herd managed
    this despite the hindering affect of two team members being sick. The East
    Stroudsburg course was very hilly, and it probably measur ed a quarter mile
    or so longer than the rated five miles. Because of those factors and the
    rainy weather, everyone was clocked at times a bit slower than in other
    meets. BU's Tom Lucas won first place with a time of 29:34.5. In second
    place was East Stroudsburg's Lew Gunderman, timed at 29:57. BU managed to
    capture the next three places with the afforts of Tom Hagerty (30:15), Scott
    Bartram (30:24), and John Lamer (30:29). East Stroudsburg took sixth and
    seventh pdaces, followed by Bisons Tom Gardner, Rich Francel, Ken Hydock,
    and Dave Gilroy. Three of the remaining ten places were oc cupied by the
    Herd, the last four of these going to East Stroudsburg. The victory gave the
    cross coun try team a 9-1 record for their reg ular season. The team is
    preparing

Heading: Baby Bisons End Grid Season
Content: 

Heading: By Lancing Susquehanna, 38-6
Content: By JEFF QUINZER In their final game of the season, the Baby Bisons exploded for
    25 points in the first half and coasted to a 38-6 victory over the Crusaders
    of Susquehanna. Night football seemed to agree with the Bisons, both
    offensively and defensively, as they rolled up their highest point total
    besides intercepting 5 passes and recovering a fumble. Carl Probst and Paul
    Perlick led the scoring outburst as Carl ran for two touchdowns and passed
    for a third while Paul scored twice and kicked two extra points. The
    defensive heroes were numer ous, as Bemie Spirk, Rich Ko- lodgie, Dell
    Duncan, Paul Kmetz, and Bob Brunnet all picked-off Cru sader aerials. Guy
    Messick re covered a fumble which later led to a score. The Bisons wasted no
    time gett ing on the scoreboard, as Probst combined with flanker Bill Stein
    for a 30 yard scoring pass after 3% minutes of play. On Susquehan na's next
    series of downs, a bad snap on fourth down gave the Blues the ball on the
    17-yard line. Two plays later, Steve Renock carried the ball in from 8 yards
    out. before the half was over, QB Probst had scored twice on runs of 3 and4
    yards and Paul Perlick had added a conversion. In the second half, Perlick
    tal lied on runs of 3 and 11 yards and kicked another extra point. The
    Crusaders, trailing by a large mar gin, were forced to go to the air and it
    was then the defense inter cepted 5 times. Susquehanna's lone score came on
    a 90-yard kick-off return by speedy Darrel Willis. With this final win, the
    team finished its season with a 4-3 mark and Coach William Lane had these
    closing comments about the team he had worked with all year. "We had a
    respectable season as for as the record goes," said the coach, 'and I think
    we were beaten by some fairly good teams." Coach Lane praised the defensive
    unit and the squad in general. "The team improved a great deal over the
    course of the season. They never gave up despite the score. The only
    possible criticism I might have would be the inconsistency in the offense.
    The defense was ex cellent all year. They just got better and better with
    each game. In dividually,

Heading: I
Content: would say that Quarterback Carl Probst helped us a great deal. We had trouble
    mov ing the ball at first but he helped things tremendously." What about the
    future of this team? The coach feels that "quite a few players should move
    up to the varsity next year, perhaps 25- 30. The boys are winners, they have
    a winning attitude. The last two years I've had fine squads; they have to
    help the football pro gram here. We had a lot of fun too, and that's part of
    it all." to enter the IC4A's on Monday, marking the first time the Hamers
    have ever entered this tourney. The Bisons will compete in the college
    division against 48 other schools, including Lafayette and Lehigh. Seven
    non-freshman run ners will carry BU's standard in a five mile run, while
    seven freshmen will represent the Herd against other frosh teams in a three
    mile run. After the IC4A's, the Herd will enter the Middle Atlantic Confer
    ence Championships on Friday, No vember 20. BU will field seven varsity and
    seven JV runners for a five mile course. T h is is the first BU team to com
    pete in the MAC'S. The final contest of the season will be at State College
    on Novem ber 25, where select runners will enter the U.S. Track and Field
    Federation meets. The big-time competition and six mile courses will at
    least provide some excellent experience for the harriers who volunteer to
    compete. Defensive backs Jim Cassidy and Tony Lucadamo will play, but pro
    bably won't be at 100 per cent ef ficiency.

Heading: Bison Riflemen
Content: 

Heading: Open Season
Content: By ARLENE DANILOWICZ Despite a disappointing loss to Lehigh on Saturday, the
    B.U. rifle team is on their way to a success ful season. Their current
    record of 4-1 includes victories over Harris burg, Kutztown, Scranton, and
    Del aware. This record places the team in second place in the Eastern Pen
    nsylvania Interscholastic Rifle League behind last year's champ ions Lehigh.
    This week the rifle team travels to Kings College for a match with a tough
    Kings team.

Heading: IM Cross-Country
Content: Team Scores 1 TKE 33 2 "B" 43 3 LCA 58 4 DU 65 5 IND 95 Indnvidual Runners 1
    Fred Weber IND 2 Don Dickson TKE 3 Gary Wright DU 4 Mark Knoderer TKE 5 Paul
    Hytab "B" 6 Matt Ridgeway DU 7 Curt Torrel

Heading: DU
Content: 8 G. McLaughlin "B" 9 Jim Tonges LCA 10 Jim Goodwin TKE 11 Dave Bushong LCA 12
    Rich Pollard "B" 13 Mike Fisher "E " 14 Jim Lackritz IND 15 Chas VanFleet
    LCA

Heading: Grid History
Content: The History of BU football will be broadcast to the world Tuesday afternoon on
    November 17 at 5:30. The radio station is WRAK AM and FM (14:00 & 102.7
    respectively).

Heading: North Front Street
Content: 

Heading: 17 B ound A v e n u e
Content: 

Heading: 742-9392
Content: 

Heading: 742-8818
Content: 

Heading: DAN'S USED
Content: 

Heading: FURNITURE
Content: 

Heading: MILTON, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: HOURS: MON., TUES., THURS., FRI., 1:00 TO 9:00 P.M. SAT. 9:00 A-.M: TO 5:00 P.M.

Heading: CLOSED ALL DAY WED.
Content: 

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ad$:-
Content: ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe, Legal (N.Y.) and Inexpen sive. Please call
    Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All in quiries confidential. JAZZ
    GROUP for hire. Good sound. Will play cocktail parties, coffee houses,
    private parties, etc. Rock also. Call David Sholl or Peter Eggars, 524-2894,
    1894. COIN & STAMP SHOP We buy

Heading: U.s.
Content: silver coins. Highest prices paid. We also buy stamps, U.S. and foreign coins.
    35 Broadway, Milton.

Heading: Grand Opening
Content: 

Heading: --OF-
Content: FOR SALE Sony tapedeck model TC-252-D. Call 3169.

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: NOV. 13, 1970

Heading: Jfedie
Content: 

Heading: Cre
Content: 

Heading: FEATURING
Content: 

Heading: WOMEN'S WIGS &
Content: 

Heading: HAIR PIECES
Content: 

Heading: 44 NORTH FIFTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: --O PE N -
Content: 

Heading: 10
Content: : oo . 5:30 TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, SATURDAY 10:00 A. M. -- 9:00 P.M.
    FRIDAY #i s

Heading: RIP
Content: 

Heading: #i
Content: 

Heading: mm
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: f t By BILL WHITNEY The New Dorm Council is pres ently drafting a proposal to
    the ad ministration recommending 24 hour open dorms, it was reported at a
    Council meeting last night. The proposal basically would eliminate all
    limits on visitation and would grant dorm autonomy to the individual
    residence hall in determ ining what hours, if any, they de sire. In
    addition, the proposal would wa applicable to the upperclass res idence hall
    and houses, and the fra ternity houses. Freshman halls, how ever, are not
    included in the docu ment. The rationale behind the proposal lies in the
    fact that part of a col lege education is learning to live with others in
    everyday situations and learning to accept one's re sponsibilities. As Gary
    Koutnik, member of the committee drafting the proposal phrased it, college
    is "not just an academic education, but is an ed ucation in real living."
    The feeling of the committee was that the required segregation of one sex
    from the other for a portion of each day is a situation not existing in
    society as a whole. The proposal is being drafted because college students
    have "the right to the re sponsibility of mature adults," said New Dorm
    President Gary Raynar. A major factor in favor of the proposal is the
    outcome of a poll taken of New, Hunt, and Swartz Hall residents, which
    revealed that

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII --NO. 20
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1970
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: IMmellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY, LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Kunstler Appears in Gym
Content: 

Heading: After IM Swim Tourney
Content: ' y,''*

Heading: ##RIHw
Content: 

Heading: 'T it for the Queen"
Content: The New York Pro Musica will present "An Entertainment for Elizabeth,"

Heading: I
Content: an Elizabethan court masque, combining dance, poetry, costume, !>><<a scenery
    design tonight at 8:15 in Davis Gym. Admission is free with a Bacimeli ID. >

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: New Dorm Initiates
Content: 

Heading: I Ir-
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: No Hours Proposal
Content: 90% of the students favor at least 22 hour open dorms. New Dorm Council will
    present their proposal to Director of Resi dence Halls Judith Judy and Dean
    (Continued on Page 3) By ERIC RIESS Attorney William M. Kunstler will speak
    in Davis Gym tomorrow night at 8:30 pan. This announcement came from Russ
    Pais, sophomore class presi dent, after a week of negotiations, between
    Pais, director of athletics, Robert A. Latour, and provost, Wendell Smith.
    The intramural swimming meet which is also scheduled for to morrow night
    will begin at 7:00 pm. in an effort to insure its' con clusion before
    Kunstler's address at 8:30. In a letter to The Bucknellian Smith stated that
    the misunder standing that developed when Pais attempted to reserve the gym
    for the speech is based in large part on "the difficulty of scheduling ma
    jor campus events at short notice, a misunderstanding of priorities. . .
    possible inseneitivity to issues on both sides of the matter, and the in
    evitable misinformation and rumor which is generated when several people
    work very intensively for more than a week on something as complex as the
    problems were in this case." For the complete text of the Pro vost's letter
    see page 2. As a result of this instance Smith went on to say that,
    "Immediate consideration must be given to an improvement in procedures for
    scheduling events on short notice." Kunstler, described by the Wall Street
    Journal (November 28, 1969) as "the foremost legal defender of civil rights
    workers and New Left radicals," is known primarily for his defense of the
    'Chicago 7' in their conspiracy trial resulting from the riots during the
    Democratic National Convention in Chicago in 1968. Currently Kunstler is
    defending the faculty and students indicted recently by an Ohio grand Jury
    in connection with the deaths on the Kent State University campus last
    Spring. Rennie Davis, one of the defend- ents in that trial appeared on cam
    pus last April 6 in an effort to raise funds to pay for the proceed ings.
    Kunstler's address will be open to the University community at no cost
    Recently the 'Chicago 7' trial has made news as Judge Julius Hoff man was
    ordered by the United States Court of Appeals, to hold a hearing to
    determine the communi cation between the judge or Federal Marshalls and the
    jury, during the trial. According to the New York Times (Friday Nov. 14,
    1970) one of the grounds for the appeal was the con tention by one of the
    defendants that Judge Hoffman refused to ac cept a hung jury. Although
    Kunstler is most famous (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Hamilton Rejects 'Mutually Dishonest'
Content: 

Heading: Attempts at Meaningful Black Studies
Content: By PETER BALAKIAN Dr. Charles Hamilton, professor of Urban Studies at Columbia
    Uni versity, addressed the students and faculty Sunday night in a speech
    concerning the present Black Stu dent movement in America. Dr. Hamilton
    dwelt on the topic of the Black student's relationship to the traditional
    structures of American universities by explaining that the present American
    univer sities are geared to carry out the society's traditions, and among
    these traditions are racism. Therefore, the Blacks, in demand ing Black
    studies programs may be asking the universities to do some- tiling that they
    are intrinsically in capable of doing. If this is the case, honesty is the
    only answer for the present time. If the uni versity cannot supply the
    Blacks with the program that they so de sire, then the university must be
    honest and tell them so. Also the Blacks must be honest with them selves,
    and if their demands can not be met, they should either leave the
    institution or accept what it can offer. Hamilton emphasized this fact by
    saying: "I take Black Education too seriously to work with a perpetual show
    of mutual dishonesty." Hamilton spoke also of the great progress that the
    Blacks have made in the past decade in rela tionship to higher education.
    Black enrollment, he said, rose 85% from 1964-1969. The total Black enroll
    ment today in American colleges and universities is 434,000 and most of
    these are in White colleges. Ham ilton emphasized the fact that the history
    of the Black Movement must be understood in order to comprehend what is
    happening to day. He was emphatic in explain ing that the Black Movement is
    not new, but in fact, began in 1924. Dr. Hamilton elucidated carefully the
    differences between the old movement and the present one. Forty years ago,
    he explained, the Blacks were working from an in dividual perspective. They
    were working out of a point of legitimacy (Continued on Page 3) By CATHLEEN
    EVANS N.Y. Times -- National Association for Minority Education (NAME) has
    announced a plan to ask the 50 largest corporations to donate funds toward
    the wider education of lower income whites and minority students. They are
    asking each corporation to assess 1% of its annual profits for colleges
    enrolling minorities. NAME plans to make a list of approximately 500 schools
    to which the money should go. Small private institutions will head the list.
    Dickinson College is planning a Public Affairs Symposium for ^  1971 which
    will consider the "Invasion of Privacy in a Computer ized Society." Speakers
    invited include Former Attorney General Ramsey Clark, Bess Meyerson Grant --
    Consumer Affairs, Ralph Nader and Jerry Rosenberg, author of The Death of
    Privacy. The Symposium will be held from February 7-February 10. Boston
    University, Northeastern University and Boston State College have had almost
    daily bomb scares since the bombing of Harvard's Center for International
    Affairs October 14, although there have been no threats at Harvard. At
    Boston University and North eastern, evacuation is optional, and most
    students choose to leave. Students of Duquesne University are seeking to
    raise one mil lion dollars to avert a financial crisis while avoiding raised
    tuitions or reduced services. Solicitations, donations and. canvassing have
    brought $222,300 since September 14. Members of the Society for Black
    Composers as they performed con temporary Black music Friday night. The
    group opened the Afro-American Weekend. (photo by Doug Abdelnour) "Chicago
    7" defender William Kunstler, who will speak tomorrow night, November 18, at
    8:30 p.m. in Davis Gym.

Heading: Hew Draft Choices
Content: 

Heading: 'Conflict' with Laws
Content: News Analysis By JOE ROGERS The New York Times reported on October 27, "Dr.
    Curtis W. Tarr, the director of Selective Service, ordered local draft
    boards today to withdraw deferments immediate ly from those men who request
    that their deferments be can celled." The article also referred to the
    announcement that men with num bers greater than 195 will not be inducted
    this year. Such an "order" is in direct con flict with the regulations (32
    CFR 1600) which govern the Selective Service System. A local board must put
    a registrant into the lowest (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Bookstore Hit by 'Crime
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: By SUSAN PRESTON Warren G. Elze, director of the University Bookstore, stated
    this week that "More students have been caught shoplifting this fall than
    ever before." In an article to The Bucknellian last spring Elze said that
    stealing was a minor problem with less than one percent of the stock stolen
    each year. The amount of stock stolen this fall has already surpassed this
    mark and the situation is becoming serious. The action to be taken regarding
    shoplifters will depend on the cir cumstances of the case. "Several students
    have been put on probation this semester and one has with drawn. We are also
    considering tak ing criminal action in some cases," said Elze. To cope with
    this problem the bookstore has increased its number of employees to
    facilitate surveill ance of shoppers. According to Elze, "Shoplifting is a
    fixed expense like rent and is built into the price structure We were hoping
    to find a way to lower prices. But we anticipate a rise in prices to cover
    the expense of shop lifting if it continues to increase at its present rate.
    A variety of reasons have been given as to why a student shop lifts. Elze
    feels that most of the ex cuses are fabricated in the mind of the student to
    justify his stealing. "It is inconceivable to me why a student would steal
    from a Uni- (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: William Kunstler
Content: 

Heading: William Kunstler is a man of com
Content: 

Heading: mitment -- commitment to Ringing rad
Content: 

Heading: ical change to this nation while attempt
Content: 

Heading: ing to avoid violence.
Content: 

Heading: He is part of a small group of
Content: 

Heading: American lawyers who advocate radical
Content: 

Heading: change yet work within the framework
Content: 

Heading: of the Constitution and its guarantee of
Content: 

Heading: free speech. He has observed, All gov
Content: 

Heading: ernments are repressive, but some a5(r)
Content: 

Heading: more than others. My objective is to
Content: 

Heading: keep my government from becoming
Content: 

Heading: degVerW
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: w ie f8 and civil liber-
Content: 

Heading: atrian background have led him to defend
Content: 

Heading: such notables as Father Daniel Bemgan,
Content: 

Heading: Stokley Carmichael, Dave Dellinger, Tom
Content: 

Heading: Hayden, Abbie Hoffman, Martin Luther
Content: 

Heading: King, Adam Clayton Powell, and Jack
Content: 

Heading: RU ^Kunstler does not work only with
Content: 

Heading: the big names of radical politics.
Content: 

Heading: During the Chicago Seven Trial, he
Content: 

Heading: was also working in twelve other cases
Content: 

Heading: in courts throughout the country, in
Content: 

Heading: volving suits against pacifist groups and
Content: 

Heading: draft resisters, student protestors and
Content: 

Heading: their professors, and elementary ana
Content: 

Heading: high school students whose right to free
Content: 

Heading: speech had been denied them.
Content: 

Heading: Financial advancement has not been
Content: 

Heading: a motivating force in his life.pCoJJgJr(r)
Content: 

Heading: his $100 a week salary to the i  w
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: week court costs during the Chicago
Content: 

Heading: trial.
Content: 

Heading: . . .
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: Kunstler has waived his fee for the
Content: 

Heading: talk tomorrow night so that the funds
Content: 

Heading: raised can be donated to the defense
Content: fund

Heading: for the Flower City Conspiracy
Content: 

Heading: group in Rochester.
Content: 

Heading: Kunstler summarized his beliefs in a
Content: 

Heading: recent interview:
Content: 

Heading: I continue to believe in the pos
Content: 

Heading: sibility that we can bring about
Content: 

Heading: real change without revolution.
Content: 

Heading: That is, without violent revolu
Content: 

Heading: tion. With unity, guts, stamina,
Content: 

Heading: exhortation, constant stimulus to
Content: 

Heading: get people moving, we--students,
Content: 

Heading: especially--can turn history down
Content: 

Heading: a new path. And if we're success
Content: 

Heading: ful with mass resistance, violent
Content: 

Heading: revolution need not come.
Content: 

Heading: Willian Kunstler is man who has put
Content: 

Heading: his life where his mouth is.
Content: 

Heading: fSuck neUian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUHFNT NEWSPAPER
Content: 

Heading: SERVNO
Content: 

Heading: T M  BVCKNEU.
Content: 

Heading: Established
Content: 1897.

Heading: Published twice w <<kly during
Content: 

Heading: payable
Content: in ad-

Heading: of Associated" CoUegiate
Content: 

Heading: PSnnu?
Content: 

Heading: at the port
Content: 

Heading: of March 3. 1879.
Content: __ -- m

Heading: _
Content: t

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK --# Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions M anager

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. M anager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation M anager

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC
Content: f e in b e r g Copy Editor

Heading: BILL UVENGOOD
Content: Advertising M anager laudatory w hen appropriate, ana w v

Heading: tegrity.
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: __
Content: 

Heading: ame: roch,o^ A
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: -  f i - -  J j T
Content: F ,, ,, f f F f f ......... <<<< W W * * 1 r*

Heading: -
Content: ------- tpjlflflfLi1 " 1

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: Dorm Autonomy
Content: 

Heading: I FEEDBACK: Latour
Content: 

Heading: 1Vio TTniversitv will have before it a proposal that
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: ^ r
Content: 

Heading: ,, ,, ,, ,, w
Content: 

Heading: will
Content: 

Heading: ~
Content: 

Heading: PS
Content: 

Heading: f
Content: 

Heading: e
Content: 

Heading: :
Content: th e  re .

Heading: The impetus for the proposal j e" v(r)JefS e n t s  of
Content: 

Heading: sponse to a questionnaire circulated to the residents
Content: 

Heading: New Dorm in which ninety per ^
Content: 

Heading: of
Content: 

Heading: stolente
Content: 

Heading: livinir in New Dorm stated that they want eatu u<<
Content: 

Heading: of ?he d o S o ^ i to have >>If-determinat.on with re-
Content: 

Heading: gards to visitation hours.
Content: 

Heading: TTniversitv
Content: 

Heading: Affirmative action on the Part ,deg? t^ >rmitted the
Content: 

Heading: need not be delayed. All students must be permitted tn
Content: 

Heading: right to dorm autonomy, now.
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: ----
Content: 

Heading: FROM THE EDITOR'S DESK
Content: 

Heading: Details, Details
Content: By PAUL OSHER Robert Latour's response to The B uck^lU * frontpage edi torial
    November 13, HOT Unfortunatly, he weeks, which led to our request for his
    censure. leaves out several important details. . . . f pii. ' i) Since the
    present University regulations on scheduling fac^ ities cites him as the
    administrator of the gym, he is

Heading: S d lit>> . <<* -- *
Content: 

Heading: ttX S & X  T PS PS .
Content: served. He very casually admits

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: b
Content: 

Heading: w
Content: y ^ representa. 2) He infers that he was out of conta t ^ lives from November 3
    to N ^ ^ e r . basketbaU coach Several class representative^wer^ "  ^ C(tm)n
    d ftio n s that bas- Don Smith all that

Heading: week,
Content: ttyi"6 d hardship to the ketbail practice

Heading: >> " f S S f j F S S '
Content: PS PS >> " the status of coach or the players. If there w re y aware o{ efforts
    the Gym for the mght m W (r)stldeg ' basketball team, should have being made
    to meet the needs of devetop- had no difficulty in informing the class reps
    oi u merits. , , . iAIlr rpfprs to in his ststcincnt 3) The alleged
    confusion> that L a t o > PS r e f e r s ^  ^ concerning the presence of
    Jack ^ e y  claim that Mr.

Heading: 2
Content: " No*mwtion >> a, made ol the i << >> a l meet' l i a Tv.Kini>>H a lack of
    communication between himself Bob Latour combined a lack segment of the
    Umver- and his staff and an insensitivity t | Jike William sity community
    desiring access to * n(tm)deg n t f  ^ use of the Kunstler which resulted m
    his

Heading: tot
Content: ? ^ ^ o n c e m e d  about what a (tm)

Heading: BuckSll" he
Content: mfghttave endeavored to arrange the compromise which was f" ^ y  a&r f vfUDO
    dur- Latour's public statement over fee ra j>>  waves^ ing the half-time
    activities of last Saturday . 1wmirniri- " closely seru.iaised ity. It
    suggests a cord of distrust between ity administration-an unfortunate state
    of affairs. dent.

Heading: Editora! Board
Content: Bucknellian Editorial Board Meeting 6:30 New Dorm Pit -  Friday -  meetings are
    open to all " U u c y  relating to student use * a National Student
    Association trip to Vietnam w  * * student peace

Heading: __
Content: . . .  u--rd for next semes- anyone interested in me(r) ^(r) (3522. b ^ ) ;
    this includes ter should contact Jack Schmidt (3wz, present members.

Heading: Abortions
Content: The Abortion classified ads is two students only y, the East Side C5 eominssim
    on each rele iia

Heading: F
Content: no Counseling service mends. They offer no financial assistance to ford an
    abortion.

Heading: Censured ? ? ?
Content: To the Editor: Censured??? Due to the recent attack by the Bucknellian editorial
    staff upon my character voicing the opinion that I should be censured by the
    entire University, I feel that a reply is certainly in order. For what am I
    being censured? For not knowing the exact dates that have been previously es
    tablished on the intramural sched ule for swimming?. . * For failing to
    express this properly to Russel Pais, President of the Sophomore Clsss? The
    Bucknellian unfornuately again presents a one-sided view of the incident. On
    the evening of Thursday, Oc tober 15, 1970, in the classroom of Davis
    Gymnasium, a meeting was held for all intramural representa tives. At that
    meeting it was an nounced that the Men's Intramural Swimming Meet would be
    held on November 17 and 18, 1970. I was not aware of these dates although I
    knew that plans were underway for our first intramural champion ships in
    swimming. Between the time that I was ap proached by Russ

Heading: Pais
Content: (November 3rd) and my second visit by him (November 11th,), after switching the
    basketball practice schedule to meet his request, I learned that the
    Intramural Swimming Champ- ionships had been scheduled for the same date
    that the sophomore class had been requesting. I in formed him that I could
    not sign the release for the building as the intramural date had been set
    weeks in advance and as Davis Gymnas ium houses the Department of Physical
    Education, Intramurals and Intercollegiate Athletics, I felt that their
    October 15th scheduling of the date had priority. Eric Reiss reported that 1
    oia not care whether William Kunstler spoke at Bucknell University or not.
    This is not completely ac curate. Suffice it to say that I am very concerned
    about what hap- pens to and at Bucknell Univer- Sity. Apparently some
    students felt that I had tbe knowledge of the intramural date "up my sleeve
    to counter their request. This is not true. I repeat, I knew nothing of the
    intramural swimming dates un til after my initial contact with Mr. Pais. I
    do feel, however, that the presence of Jack Schmidt (a junior) and Peter
    Doscher (a senior) add ed some confusion to the situation representing the
    sophomore class. I actually wasn't sure who I was dealing with at some
    stages during that week. ^  t T . ^ I feel very sincerely that I have not
    been at fault. The Bucknffian censure editorial in which it was stated, "it
    seems that he has made every effort to thwart . . etc- is slanderous and
    immature. One ing approached by various individ uals and groups (often with
    very little advance notice) to cancel the activities of our department ui
    order to meet their requests and, yes, even demands. I feel that I have been
    extremely cooperative throughout the years and have changed our program nu
    merous times to meet these re quests for the building. A sugges tion of
    censureship by The Buck nellian is an extremely unfair and one-sided view of
    this entire inci- Robert A. Latour Director of Athletics

Heading: Lacks Evidence
Content: To the Editor: The request for censure of Robert Latour must have been based on
    evidence which was not presented in in the report of The Bucknellian of
    November 13,1970. After investigation, it is my view that it is based in
    large part on (a) the difficulty of scheduling major campus events on short
    notice, (b) misunderstanding of priorities in scheduling, (c> possible
    "insensi tivity" to issues on both sides of the matter, and (d) the
    inevitable mis information and rumor which is generated when several people
    work very intensively for more than a week on something as complex as the
    problems in this instance. There are several points to be made if the events
    associated with the difficulty in scheduling the visit of Mr. Kunstler are
    to be evaluated fairly. First, the gymnasium is not a public hall. It was
    designed and intended to be a facility for athletics and, as such, it must
    be under the control of the athletic department. Second, scheduling of major
    cam pus events, those sponsored for the whole Bucknell community, normal ly
    is done no later than the second week of a semester so that conflicts with
    athletic or other events can be resolved far in advance. Third, contrary to
    what is stated in Mr. Riess's article, Mr. Kun stler was not scheduled at
    any point to speak in the gymnasium during the week in question, a point of
    misinformation. Fourth, the mens and, probably women's intramural swim meets
    which are scheduled for Wednesday, the 18th,

Heading: were
Content: scheduled on October 15; hence, the date and time of the swimmeets cannot be
    constructed as an effort to block the use of the gymnasium for a speaker, as
    was implied. Fifth, attempts to schedule major campus events after a
    semestej- has started invite conflict and pres sure when a specialized
    faculty such as the gymnasium or the the atre is involved. The rescheduling
    of events al most always infringes on the rights of those who wish to
    participate in those events. Rescheduling two swim meets and basketball prac
    tice on Wednesday without in fringement required time. Still, a system which
    produces no answer in ten days to as simple a ques tion as, "Can space X be
    used for purpose Y at a specific time and day9" Surtly contributes uninten
    tionally to a climate of doubt and suspicion. Immediate consideration must
    be given to an improvement in pro cedures for scheduling of events on
    (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Letters to the Editor!
Content: should not be censured on what "seems to be". They have found ed their judgment
    upon half truths. I restate that I am constantly be-

Heading: An Ark
Content: To the Editor: I believe the time has come for the University to consider adding
    a new Item to its budget. I realize that this will bring groans from anyone
    who has anything to do with finances at this University but I also feel that
    this is a necessary move. I might add that the time is fast arriving when it
    will be too late to act. I hereby propose, in view of pre sent and past
    meteorological con ditions, that the University put aside funds for the
    building of, and begin construction of, an ARK to save us aU. I also propose
    that the dimens ions of this Ark be at least three- hundred cubits by
    seventy cubits by seventy cubits. It should be i n structed so as to be able
    to con tain and maintain the entire uni versity community along with two
    examples of each living species (male and female, of course), from the
    highest order all the way down to Agnew. I do hope the University will see
    the urgency of this proposal and act on it as soon as possible. Respectfully
    Yours, Bruce Campbell 3 # #

Heading: Happenings
Content: 

Heading: of
Content: 

Heading: Note
Content: 

Heading: More Majore"
Content: 

Heading: * - * * * PS <<
Content: 

Heading: It is now possible for students on
Content: 

Heading: the Bachelor of Arts degree pro
Content: 

Heading: gram to propose an interdepart
Content: 

Heading: mental major. Information regard
Content: 

Heading: ing the policies and application pro
Content: 

Heading: cedures by the Committee on Inter
Content: 

Heading: departmental Major is available
Content: 

Heading: In the Office of the Dean of the
Content: 

Heading: College of Arts and Sciences, 113
Content: 

Heading: Marts Hall. Current juniors who
Content: 

Heading: wish to have applications consider
Content: 

Heading: ed must submit them no later than
Content: 

Heading: December 1, 1970. Sophomores will
Content: 

Heading: submit their applications during the
Content: 

Heading: Spring Semester when they are
Content: 

Heading: asked to declare a major.
Content: 

Heading: Mid-East Conflict
Content: 

Heading: There will be an informal debate
Content: 

Heading: on the Arab-IsraelL. conflict tonight
Content: 

Heading: at 9:30 in Carey House.
Content: 

Heading: Indian Discussion
Content: A discussion of the Indian society will be held Thursday, November 19, at 9:30
    p.m. in Carey House.

Heading: Freshman Officers
Content: The officers for the Class of 1974 Tom Wells, president; Ed vice president; and
    Carol secretary-treasurer.

Heading: There will be a meeting with Pro
Content: 

Heading: fessor F. David Martin on the
Content: 

Heading: Rome-Florence January Program,
Content: 

Heading: Nov. 18 (Wed.), 7 p.m., Room A110
Content: 

Heading: Coleman Hall.
Content: 

Heading: ABS Meeting
Content: 

Heading: The ABS meeting will be held on
Content: 

Heading: Thursday id 7:00 p.m. In Coleman
Content: 

Heading: 102A due to the Kunstler speech,
Content: 

Heading: Found--one Timex ladles' watch
Content: 

Heading: and two ballpoint pens in the Davis
Content: 

Heading: Gym Annex during the Bloodmobile
Content: 

Heading: visit on October 29. Contact Pro
Content: 

Heading: fessor Ohl at 5127.
Content: 

Heading: Off-Campus LUR
Content: 

Heading: The ABS oif-campus Living Unit
Content: 

Heading: Representatives are Jeff Cassel and
Content: 

Heading: Eric Cohen.
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Wednesday, November 18 12:00 Noon Psychology Seminar: Dr. Carl Thompson . S t a
    t e Dependent Learning" Coleman nau 7:00 p.m. Jan-Plan TO>> ol Bomo a *
    F>>><< ko

Heading: M
Content: 7-30 p.m.

Heading: A.B.S.
Content: Coleman Hall 102A 7:30 p.m. B u c te e ll-^ la n  Serleo Film: ^ Aud.

Heading: 8:00 P m'
Content: 

Heading: S1 PS PS y <?b:
Content: 

Heading: R" hard B" ' i: "" ' S iS e ->>>> I--
Content: 

Heading: Thursday, November 19
Content: 4:45 p.m. Catholic Mass

Heading: Draft Deferments
Content: 

Heading: are:
Content: 

Heading: Hafer
Content: Wolf, (Continued from Page 1) classification for which it deter mines him to be
    eligible. Although the cut-off at 195 seems to be in the spirit of the
    lottery system, the regulations do not ap pear to provide for this policy
    either- . . . . A registrant should consider the following possibilities
    before re questing his local board to reclas sify him 1-A. It is quite
    possible that a regis trant could be inducted by March 1971 if he requests
    his local board to remove his deferment. If the board has reached his ran
    dom selection number before De cember 31 and he is 1-A prior to that time
    reclassified the regula-

Heading: Kunstler Speech
Content: 

Heading: Defective Degrees
Content: To the Editor: The group of students who wrote a recent Bucknellian editorial
    are to be congratulated. The result was no more than two or three times as
    confused as the usual Bucknellian editorial, no mean feat when five people
    collaborate. And it had the ; additional virtue of being signed. However, if
    they must reason by II analogy, it would make befcAr y sense to cast the
    Bucknell adminis- i tration id the role of the General j Motors management,
    the faculty as j the United Auto Workers, and the ; students and their
    families as the : hapless consumers. We should then strengthen the ; analogy
    by recalling 80% - 7o% of the degrees we have been granting on the grounds
    that they are ob viously and dangerously defective. Sincerely, J. Charles
    Jones Professor of Education (Continued from Page 1) the trial in Chicago he
    has many cases for what he movements of the people." _  has argued cases for
    such clients as Martain Luther King, Jr., Stokley Carmichael, H. Rap Brown,
    Adam Clayton Powell, Malcolm X and the Black Panthers. Kunstler views many
    of the trials for argued calls He June, tion iment

Heading: Rennie Davis, one of the 'Chicago
Content: 

Heading: 7' represented by William Kunstler,
Content: 

Heading: as he appeared here last April 6.
Content: 

Heading: Kunstler will speak in Davis Gym
Content: 

Heading: tomorrow night at 8:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: (photo by Ronn Karr)
Content: 

Heading: Visitation
Content: (Continued from Page 1) of Student Affairs John P. Dunlop in the very near
    future. It is hoped that Dean Dunlop will approve the proposal and place it
    before the University Board of Trus tees at the semi-annual meeting on
    December 5 for their action. How ever, the Council realizes that Dean Dunlop
    might raise certain objec tions to the proposal. As the Council understands
    it, Dean Dunlop feels that such a pro posal should be postponed until after
    >>, 1971. At that date the evalua- of the present one-year exper iment in
    co-educational residence halls (which Dunlop supported) will be submitted.
    After the results of the co-ed dorm experiment are evaluated, Dunlop feels,
    the next step would then be a proposal for 24 hour open dorms. Any premature
    attempt might injure future chances for such a proposal. However, the New
    Dorm Council still hopes to convince Dean Dun lop and President Watts as to
    the validity of their case. The Council will continue working through the
    administration to have their pro posal placed before the Trustees. *

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: .....
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: f

Heading: >>
Content: w

Heading: >><
Content: "GUILT IS THE CALL OF

Heading: BEING FOR ITSELF IN
Content: SILENCE"

Heading: --Hedegger
Content: 

Heading: l e w isb u r g
Content: 

Heading: f r ie n d s
Content: 

Heading: m e e t in g
Content: 11:00 A M  SUNDAY

Heading: V aughan Lit lib rary
Content: as purely political in nature and has justified his actions which have appeared
    outrageous to many in the legal, profession saying, "the court becomes not
    just a place to grind out a decision but also a place to educate the public
    and dramatize the contradictions between what the law preaches and what it
    prac tices." He added that his actions are always legal saying, "I'll do
    what ever my client asks as long as its within the law." Before Kunstled
    took up his pre sent causes he earned about $20,000 a year as a partner in a
    New York Law firm of whose partners was his younger brother. Since his
    departure his income is estimated to be in the same general area although he
    defends many cli ents at no cost. He still remains a salaried part ner in
    the firm as well as receiving money from his many trips in the U.S. and to
    Europe. Kunstler is 51 years old and is a Phi Beta Kappa member and a
    graduate of Yale University.

Heading: Hamilton
Content: (Continued from Page 1) which dealt with individual ad vancement in an
    egalitarian way. Today's Blacks are speaking from a different point of
    legitimacy. "Today," Hamilton stated, "there is a growing sense of Black con
    sciousness." Black advancement on a collective basis is far more cru cial
    than personal advancement. Blacks are no longer impressed with White
    institutions, or egalitar ian methods. Hamilton emphasized in reference to
    the anti-egalitarian that, "there is nothing about today's Black . . when a
    new people are being born, they cannot afford the luxury of egalitarianism.
    They struggle." tions prescribe that he be put into the Extended Priority
    Group. Members of this group are in ducted according to their random
    selection numbers during the first three months of the next year. If they
    are not called by the end of three months, they should be put into the
    Second Priority Selection Group. It is quite possible that a local board
    will not reclassify him by the end of the year but will do so at its January
    meeting. The registrant is then in the First Priority Selection Group.
    Consequently he may be issued an induction order when the local board next
    reaches his random se lection number. Speculation on how a local board may
    proceed when a registrant re quests that his deferment be can celled is
    rampant. Quite possibly two local boards may operate altogether differently.
    7:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 9:00 p.m. 9-30 p.m. Rooke Chapel v^atnoiic <<
    mu >> . .. , . Film "One Fourth of Humanity sponsored by i S i 0" 8'0" 1,
    Pdegl Jai" ' " >> << * >>  " * Dept of Geology Lecture; Dr. John Moss:
    "Geology And Eorly; M >> In N.<<bw<<aen, cm etfeB M s. 2Io PoetryFeaduig:
    Bill Knott I104<W966> Vaughan Lit. Lib. "ICHTHUS" (Experimental Religious
    Community Rooke cnapei International Affairs Club Discussion on ^ Indian
    Society

Heading: Shoplifting
Content: (Continued from Page 1) versify who is already facing fi nancial difficulties.
    Since students help to finance the bookstore through their University bill,
    in es sence we are stealing from one an other by shoplifting." Many
    Universities are facing the problem of shoplifting. "The credit policy of
    our bookstore is one of the most liberal in the country," according to Elze.
    To aid students who use the ex cuse that they do not have enough money at
    the present time, the

Heading: FEEDBACK
Content: bookstore initiated the automatic charge account, an expensive and time-
    consuming operation for the bookstore to maintain. "If the stu dent still
    has problems, the book store is usually willing to work out some sort of
    arrangement to aid him." "Why jeopardize a college career to steal a few
    dollars worth of mer chandise. Even if a student applies for transfer, this
    record of theft will follow him." The facilities in the new student center
    will have eight-foot aisles to hopefully cut town the amount and the
    opportunity for stealing. Also an advisory board of students and faculty
    will be set up to draw up policy on such items as stealing, prices, and
    discounts. (Continued from Page 2) short notice if indeed this can be done
    and perhaps the new proced ures should prevent one ^ person from becoming
    the focus of all the tremendous pressures which arise iu cases such as the
    one at hana. Wendell Smith

Heading: Uncivil of You
Content: To the Editor: In your Friday, November 13 issue there appeared a headine
    "Censure Latour." Assuming that an officer of an other class decided to
    invite Mayor Daley of Chicago to speak at Buck nell, and forthi s "cultural
    event asked Bob Latour for the use of the Davis Gym at theexpense of a
    previously scheduled event, would the Bucknellian have decried the
    "deceitfulness" of Bob !Latour? If the answer were to be in the would then
    mean that in the principle of freedom of spe ech than in the promotion of a
    cer tain brand of political philosophy. Setting aside the propriety of the
    appearance of Kunstler, have you really investigated all the facts or have
    you given Professor Latour a chance to defend himself before condeming him
    in a publication which is presumed to be the of ficial student newspaper
    serving the Bucknell community. That is most uncivil of you. Sincerely
    yours, David J. Lu .... . ......................

Heading: .
Content: lew isb u r g in n Luncheon--12:00 to 2:00 Dinner 5:30 to 8:00 p.m. Sunday
    Dinner 12:00 to 2:30 only

Heading: --Early
Content: 

Heading: American
Content: 

Heading: Atm osphere-
Content: 

Heading: 101 Market Street, Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: CLOSED MONDAY
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: STRAND
Content: 

Heading: SUNBURY, PA.
Content: 

Heading: ENDS TONIGHT
Content: 

Heading: "ON A CLEAR DAY YOU
Content: 

Heading: CAN SEE FOREVER"
Content: 

Heading: STARTS TOMORROW
Content: 

Heading: JACKIE GLEASON
Content: in

Heading: "HOW  DO I
Content: 

Heading: LOVE THEE"
Content: The only way to break up this famity is with laughter

Heading: xsssssssxssssxssesstsexxsss
Content: feelings democratic movement negative, it <<<<a-- ------ ---- the Bucknellian is
    less interested

Heading: rMaiamgiaiaigramgraigwigig^
Content: 

Heading: COLE'S
Content: 

Heading: HARDWARE
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. 17837
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1284
Content: 

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: Watch Repairing & Engraving
Content: 

Heading: 429 M arket Street
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: are in

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for
Content: 

Heading: Christmas.
Content: 

Heading: Easier or summer?
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities, economic flights, discounts.
Content: 

Heading: W rite
Content: 

Heading: for information (air mail).
Content: 

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street. Newport, LW.. England
Content: 

Heading: 1 Grand Opening
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: --OF--
Content: #9

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: J^ealie
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 400

Heading: Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of living
Content: 

Heading: ........
Content: 

Heading: You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: ask for your free copy of RAGS m agazine
Content: 

Heading: .........
Content: 

Heading: FEATURING
Content: 

Heading: WOMEN'S WIGS &
Content: 

Heading: HAIR PIECES
Content: 

Heading: 44 NORTH FIFTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: --OPEN--
Content: 

Heading: 10:00 - 5:30 TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY. SATURDAY
Content: 

Heading: 10:00 A  M. -  9:00 P.M. FRIDAY
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: NOVEMBER
Content: 17, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: r **

Heading: $
Content: 

Heading: JU
Content: 

Heading: C fje ^ P w tfe n tU ta n
Content: 

Heading: W O R T S
Content: 

Heading: Booters Prevail
Content: By DAN MILLER The booters wrapped up their 1970 campaign by defeating Lehigh
    2-1, clinching a second place finish in the MAC. In a game that developed
    into a muddy battle, the Herd started slowly, slipping and sliding in the
    mud, they showed little desire to go to the ball and less will to move
    aggressively on offense. The Engineers tallied during the early going, on a
    comer kick that was perfectly placed over the crease, goalie Lloyd
    Ryysylamen missed when he tried to punch the ball out of danger, and
    Lehigh's Tom Klonick drilled the rebound into the net. BU slowly began to
    jell at this point, penetrating further into Le high territory and working
    the ball better until the second quarter While trying to clear the ball, Le
    high goalie took too many steps in the penalty area. The resulting di rect
    kick was bounced around in front of the goal until Jim Daven port popped it
    into the net. This knotted the half-time score at one goal apiece. The third
    quarter evolved into an ordeal for both the players and the sizable crowd.
    The rain and blustry wind didn't help the miserable field conditions, and
    the spectators that endured the weather were presented with a dramatic
    effort by the Herd. Larry Greenwood, who was on crutches as late as
    Wednesday, played with only brief respites. Greenwood repeatedly picked him
    self up after spills as though he might never walk again, but still played
    air-tight defense. Steve Sparkes, who seems to have developed the sliding
    tackle into an art kept thwarting Lehigh's offensive thrusts. And all the
    while Ryysylainen protected the net, charging out like a spider in a web to
    clear the ball. Then in the fourth quarter, a Le high back was caught
    handling the ball in the penalty area. Glenn Mars finished off his var sity
    career by drilling home the penalty kick, making the score at full-time 2-1
    BU. This was the final game of the 1970 season and leaves the team's record
    at 6-3-2. Glenn Mars, Lloyd Ryysylainen and -Bobby Reed playr ed in their
    last match for the Herd. One tradition that ended with this game was the
    eight year journey of Mr. and Mrs. Mars, and Mr. and Mrs. Reed. Their two
    sons have been on the same team since high school and the two couples have
    been to every game they have play ed home and away. Glenn Mars played his
    last game for the Bison booters Saturday. The senior captain used his
    talented toe to drill in the winning goal against Lehigh.

Heading: Rampaging Herd Dominates Engineers;
Content: 

Heading: Earns Close Victories in Vital Clashes
Content: 

Heading: 33=
Content: * v .

Heading: 7
Content: - * . v * - . ili Hg

Heading: I  !SISES !!!!SI
Content: b

Heading: I
Content: s i

Heading: IS
Content: 

Heading: ** r
Content: 

Heading: ,.**"'* ^
Content: 

Heading: fi
Content: 

Heading: WEE
Content: r |||p! i

Heading: V
Content: '* 0. H  B  1A  lili X-

Heading: IS
Content: h i*.**g! isfe m . * >>.# ' '?M m ?"

Heading: K f i f e
Content: 1 SW V '- .

Heading: i  i f l  I
Content: H (  !j!! / /

Heading: }'?'Y
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: KmmSEES Sophomore running back Rich Dies powers up the middle for a sub stantial
    gain. Diez ground out 92 yards Saturday against the Lehigh En- gh U 'ClL
    fnlm tn h v T flm  H a p p rtv) with a total of 106 yards for his re
    ceptions. Commented a pleased Coach Prender, "It's really too difficult to
    say any one group (offensive or defensive) played the major role in this
    game. This just has to be the biggest team victory of the season. The
    defense was just out standing when it had to be." "Offensively, we made some
    changes last week in our attack and we moved the ball very well. The line
    did a great job blocking and the backs were outstanding. Diez, Farbstein,
    Giacomelli, and Wright all did fine jobs. I was particularly pleased with
    the sophomore backs (Rich Diez, Farbstein and Greg Wright). Our offense was
    very well balanced." Did the team make any adjust ments to deal with
    Engineer quar terback Jerry Berger, who runs Senior Co-Captain Don G iacom
    elli faced Lehigh for the third time in his varsity career. Coach Fred Pren
    der praised him for his offensive performance and the great blocks he threw
    against defenders, (photo by Tom Hagerty) B.U. Quarterback Howie Burke re
    covered from a foot injury to en gineer a come - from * behind win over
    Lehigh. The junior QB will call the signals for the Herd this Saturday
    against the Blue Hens of Delaware. (photo by Chris jffiT Liipfert)

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: Swim Managers
Content: Anyone interested in serving as a manager for the swim team for this season
    should contact Phil Cur- lett at 524-2063 as soon as possible.

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ad$:-
Content: By JEFF QUINZER The Bisons overcame an early KH>> 0 deficit and scored a big
    24-20 vic tory over Lehigh. In a game marked by balanced offenses and
    outstanding defensive plays, the Bisons came from be hind twice to down one
    of their toughest opponents. !Last week, the Engineers had de feated
    powerful Delaware, the Big Blues' opponent for next week. After the
    Engineers had built a 10-0 first quarter lead, the Bisons rallied for 17
    points in the second period to hold a 17-10 halftime ad vantage. Dave Boyer
    started the rally with a 20-yard field goal. Then the of fense, under the
    direction of Howie Burke, marched for two touchdowns on drives of 86 and 72
    yards. Both drives culminated with Mitchell Farbstein scoring on runs of 5
    and 2 yards. The Lehigh, with a field goal in the third quarter and
    quarterback Jerry Berger's scoring pass early in the final period, regained
    the lead at 20-17. The Bisons bounced back and moved 70 yards in 18 plays.
    Farb stein registered his final score of (photo by Tom Hagerty) the
    afternoon when he tallied from 5 yards out. After Boyer added his third
    extra point, the final score read 24-20. The game wasn't over yet how ever,
    and Lehigh threatened to re gain the lead. Only fine defensive plays by the
    Bison secondary stop ped the Engineer rally. Gene Luccarelli broke up what
    appeared to be a sure touchdown pass and John Ondrasik made a fine open
    field tackle on a crucial fourth down play to halt the drive. Offensively,
    quarterback Howie Burke kept many drives alive with his passing. He
    completed 17 of 26 passes for a total of 163 yards. Eleven of these were to
    his favorite receiver of the game, Paul Gile- wicz. Paul had a fine
    afternoon the option play which had proved successful against Lehigh's pre
    vious opponents? "No we didn.'t replied the coach, "Our defense had always
    attacked the option very well. We always came up with the big play. We were
    faced with 5 or 6 third down situations during our drives and each time we
    came up with the

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    Area Code 717 A small fee is charged yardage and kept the drive mov ing." "I
    think its a tremendous tribute to the boys to come back after the two
    straight losses, especially to come from 10 points down like they did. We're
    very proud of them," concluded the coach. * * x * * * * s a < s i>> e * >> <
    x * * * ^ ^ ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe, Legal (N.Y.) and Inexpen
    sive. Please call Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All in quiries
    confidential. COIN & STAMP SHOP We buy U.S. silver coins. Highest prices
    paid. We also buy stamps, U.S. and foreign coins. 35 Broadway, Milton.

Heading: VOLUME LXXHI -- NO. 21
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 20. 1970
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I I
Content: 

Heading: CAM PU S
Content: 

Heading: WED.-THUS.-FRI.-SAT.
Content: 

Heading: Omar
Content: 

Heading: SHARIF
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: -----

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: NOV. 18-19-20-21
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: Julie
Content: 

Heading: CHRISTIE
Content: 

Heading: "DR. ZHIVAGO"
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: NOV. 17, 1970

Heading: DON'T FORGET
Content: 

Heading: THIS W EEK'S SPECIAL OFFER FROM
Content: 

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: Campus Pizza
Content: 

Heading: Delivery
Content: 

Heading: Service
Content: 

Heading: 15c off any Soft Drink when ordered
Content: 

Heading: with a LARGE PI2ZA OR H O AG IE
Content: 

Heading: Good With Coupon from Flyer ONLY
Content: 

Heading: IN COLOR
Content: 

Heading: SUN.-MON.-TUE.
Content: 

Heading: NOV. 22-23-24
Content: 

Heading: Charlton
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: Geraldine
Content: 

Heading: HESTON
Content: 

Heading: CHAPLIN
Content: 

Heading: 'THE HAWAIIANS"
Content: 

Heading: tChe Buckntlltan
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Cunningham Replaces Kunstler
Content: 

Heading: 'Clear, Cool Country Soul'
Content: 

Heading: Highlights 'Band' Concert
Content: 

Heading: Speaker Accents Freedom
Content: By JUNE CAFFREY The University community will welcome "The Band" in concert
    November 22. As critic Ralph Gleason said about one of their San Francisco
    performances: "they found it in themeselves to express a part of where all
    of us are at now, while expressing where they are at themselves in language
    and metaphor that can ignite explosive trains of thought inside your head."
    "The Band" became popular with its first album, "Music From Big . Pink,"
    which Time hailed as "an event." Life described it as "buck- etsfull of
    clear, cool country soul that washes the ears with a sound never heard
    before." Many feel that this album had a great influence on the direction of
    rock music. Once known as the group who backed Bob Dylan, "The Band" is,
    Andy Meyer announced that as usual no blankets or pillows wiU be allowed in
    the gym and also no cameras or tape recorders will be allowed in. Meyer also
    said that the concert committee will not be responsible for anyone who
    cannot be admitted because of this re striction. As usual there will be
    absolutely no smoking in the gym. by no means, imitative. Robbie Robertson,
    lead guitarist, -'Sloes feel that "(they've) had a great influence on each
    other." As he puts it, "Dylan brought us into a whole new thing and I guess
    he got something from us." "The Band is not concerned with how their music
    will be labeled. They feel the most important thing is the personal
    satisfaction they derive from their music -- "so we can smile at one another
    when we're through playing." They seem to have smiled a lot as they played
    to sell-out houses throughout the United States and Canada, among them the
    Garden State Arts Center in New Jersey and the Fillmore Auditoriums, both
    East and West. By TOM NOVINGER Attorney William Kunstler who was scheduled
    to speak in Davis Gym Wednesday, November 18, was unable to came because of
    an un expected evidenciary hearing called concerning the Chicago 7 con
    spiracy trial. In his place his law partner, William Cunningham, spoke about
    the recent Kent State indictments, the Flower City, Con spiracy, and other
    draft file de struction trials. Cunningham is a Jesuit priest and a
    professor of low at Layola Uni versity in Washington, D.C. Also a practicing
    lawyer, Cun ningham has been active in the de fense of various groups such
    as the "Chicago 15" and the "Catnos- ville 9." accused of the destruction of
    draft files. He is presently filing suit against the Federal Government on
    behalf of Fathers Daniel and Phillip Ber- rigan and 21,000 men in federal
    prison confinement on denial of con stitutional rights. Father Phillip
    Berrigan was held in the Lewisburg Federal Penitentary for a short period
    recently. Cunningham emphasized that the spirit with which he was going to
    speak was free expression. He con tinually referred to the First Amend ment
    which guarantees freedom of

Heading: Commerford Releases Pledge Statistics,
Content: 

Heading: Discusses Revision of Fraternity Status
Content: By GINA SMITH Fraternity rush this fall has re sulted in the pledging of approxi
    mately 248 freshman men, accord ing to Gerald Commerford, Assist ant Dean of
    Men for Fraternity Af fairs. This figure is not definite. Com merford
    estimates that the total may increase to 265 as other frosh pledge; next
    semester de-pledgings may reduce the number. Dean Commerford calculates that
    70% of freshman men attended at least one rush function and that be tween 48
    and 49% actually pledged. 'The Band' will play "clear, cool country soul" to
    "ignite explosive traint of thought" Sunday at 8:15 p. m. in Davis gym. They
    will be the last ABS concert this sem ester. Tickets for this concert and
    the "Chicago" concert in February may be purchased at the Bookstore. M m

Heading: Sets Total at 36
Content: Both figures represent a slight in crease over last year. Approximately the same
    number of freshmen has "gone Greek" for the last five years. Five years ago
    a 2.0 scholastic average was re quired. Although fewer men were eligible
    then, a higher percentage of them pledged. There no longer are any
    scholastic requirements for fresh man rush. Dean Commerford notes changes in
    this year's rush procedure. For the first time, fraternity houses were
    opened from 10:00 a.m. to midnight, Monday thru Thursday, during the last
    week of September and the second week of October. "This provided a more
    realistic picture of each house for the fresh men," he states. "Although
    this worked very well for the frosh naturally, it was hard on the fra
    ternities." Another seeming change here is the fraternities' tendency to ac
    cept "all types" of men. In the past most houses were known by a stereotyped
    image. Although this has persisted in a few houses, fra ternity membership
    no longer im plies loss of individuality. Dean Commerford describes the rush
    program as a "closed system." "Unlike some other schools, the first emphasis
    is on academics. This is why freshman residence halls are forbidden to
    fraternity men during rush," he explains. He views fraternity status as part
    of a "new look" in schools of the East and West. "The Midwest and South are
    characterized as 'fratern ity country'. Rejecting this image and strong
    affiliation with a na tional fraternity, eastern and west-

Heading: ABS Increases Membership on Senate
Content: After playing the "numbers game," with the Senate member ship the ABS passed an
    amendment 13-6 this week, which increases the Senate membership to 18
    faculty, 11 students and 7 administrators. The original suggestion came
    Cjrom Bob Wendel, who said, "The original number of 30 members is not
    enough. In order to have a viable community, we have to re present more of
    the community. The Senate body is a body of 30 and the faculty is a body of
    200, which does not seem right." Wendel suggested that ten be added to the
    faculty, ten to the student, and three to the adminis trative
    representations. Total would be 25 faculty, 18 students, and ten
    administrative officials. Bob Nachshin

Heading: ABS
Content: treasurer thought, "The composition of the Senate is pretty ambiguous. With the
    role the faculty assigns us, I find it insulting to have less than one-third
    representation. In the April document, we had 29 percent representation,
    here we have 27 percent. I question why students have such little
    representation on the Senate." In retort to Wendel, Jack Hart thought, "The
    more people you get, the more people you have who will not be doing their
    homework. You have to be practical about what is a good working number.
    However, Nachshin said, "The number of students is feasible, if students
    have strong involvement in the academic affairs, but the fac ulty does have
    better expertise on academic affairs." em schools' fraternities tend to
    desire local autonomy within the national hierarchy." He admitted that, in
    past years, de-pledging has been a major prob lem here. He atributes this to
    freshmen asking "why." One re sult of this "healthy questioning" has been
    the alteration of some na tional and house policies. For example, many
    houses are modifying the traditional "super ior-inferior" relationship
    between upperclass members and freshman pledges. "I would prefer to think
    (Continued on Page 4) speech as of the utmost importance. He stated that
    "the mind, like a parachute, functions only when it is open." "If you have
    turned out to listen objectively, it is not im portant what your views are."
    Giving several examples, he pointed out the inconsistencies in the judicial
    system of the United States. He stated that the emphasis in this system is
    upon what the ac cused person's actions are rather than what his reasons for
    doing what he did. He cited the trials of different groups who had destroyed
    draft records to illustrate instances of this. Cunningham stressed strongly
    the nonviolent approach to changing the system and said that he "can not
    contemplate violence against human life." When asked about the Madison
    Wisconsin bombing of a university research center which resulted in an
    accidental death, he replied, "Is the means proportional to the end? The
    means must not be accepted that will have any serious danger to life."

Heading: Publication Dates
Content: THE BUCKNELLIAN will pub lish as usual Tuesday, but will only publish one issne
    the week after Thanksgiving. Because of the holiday the Tuesday issue will
    be deleted and one issue will be published Thursday.

Heading: ABS Debates Recommendation
Content: 

Heading: For Endowment Scholarships
Content: As discussion continued, Dean Dunlop made mention of the fact that discussion
    was becoming a numbers game. "We're trying to make a decision-making body.
    Is that more important than having more people? We may very well have
    difficulties in finding ten more qualified people. For that reason, I feel
    30 members is a workable body." In further discussion, Nachshin said, "The
    substance of the docu ment is more important than the numbers. The question
    is whether the faculty will buy that. The stu dents as a whole should have
    the decision to choose." Before Dean Dunlop's amendment for 18-11-7
    representation passed, Pais said, "Why start to compro- (Continued on Page
    4) By JENNY CHEN Reccomendation for student-sup- ported scholarships was
    introduced at this week's ABS meeting. The vote on the measure will be
    delayed until after Thanksgiving vacation. "I was impressed by actions taken
    on loan funds and student-sponsored scholarships by other schools when I
    went to a conference in Washing ton this summer," explained Dave Lacy ABS
    president. "There is a greater need for the University to offer financial
    aid, especially from the viewpoint of attracting minority groups." After
    Lacy conferred with John Hayward, Director of Financial Aid, John Dunlop,
    Dean of Student Af fairs and John Zeller, Vice Presi dent of Business and
    Finance this week, several suggestions were made on how to handle scholar
    ships based on allotments from stu dents' general fees. Lacy suggested an
    arbitrary amount of five dollars to be added to the general lee in an
    attempt to explain the different proposals. One way is to collect the
    $12,000 for student-supported scholarships each year which would be given
    directly to the students in need. The money could also be given to the
    University in the form of an endowment or a gift, with interest being taken
    on the total. The third proposal, one which Lacy endorses, is to take the
    five dollars and split it up. Arbitrarily, $10,000 could go into an
    endowment fund with interest accumulating, or as a gift. The $2,700 could be
    an immediate scholarship. "This last is a compromise, we can either loan the
    money for investment or give the money," said Lacy. Presently, the former
    SFC has allotted $31,000 in endowment funds which could be retracted. This
    amount would then be added to the $12,000 for scholarships. Dean Dunlop
    said, "If a commit tment is made, it would be long range. You would be
    accumulating funds faster than you would be with a class gift. This is more
    im mediate." Questions were brought up about increases in the general fee to
    sub sidize the scholarships. Lacy raised two points of information. If there
    is no restriction on allotments, there may be a tie up on distribution. If
    there is a restriction, preferences will be made on whom to give
    scholarships. Another question asked concerned whether the student fee was
    item ized. Dean Dunlop explained that the monies do not go to individual
    things, but does go into a "pot."

Heading: Dave Law Attends
Content: 

Heading: Presidency Forum
Content: <</ David F. Lacy, president of the Association of Bucknell Students, will
    represent the University at the National Student Symposium on the Presidency
    to be held from Decem ber 11-13 at Airlie House near War- renton, Virginia.
    The University is one of 100 col leges and universities from all 50 states
    invited to send a student to this symposium with senior mem bers of White
    House staffs extend ing from the Hoover through Nixon administrations. It is
    being spon sored by the Center for the Study of the Presidency. The
    symposium is intended to ex tend knowledge of the Office of the Presidency
    to students by convey ing to them a more accurate im pression of how the
    White House Staff is run, how specific policy de cisions are arrived at, and
    how long range goals and objectives are formulated. It is also hoped by the
    sponsors (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: lElf* PtttkneUian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly of Associated Collegiate Press. Annual
    subscription, << . 0 0 , payaDie m a vance. Entered as second class matter
    on September 21, 1922, at tne pom office at Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of
    March 3, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: DAIVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: ____ To r,,vipw =nv issue and take a stand we deem in the best interest of
    laudatory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy ana in
    tegrity. day noon for publication in the Friday edition. Office: Fochi
    Printing Co., 229 Market Street, 523-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221

Heading: GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: Ivan Denisovich
Content: -B y ROBERT E. BEARD.

Heading: The Draft
Content: To the Editor: I would like to make two com ments relevant to Dan Martin's
    column, " Focus: The Draft"  (which appeared in The BuckneUian Nov. 6,
    1970). 1. The description of I-S should read " Student deferred by statute."
    Perhaps " status"  is m ore appropri ate but it is not the word used in the
    regulation. 2. That one may re-apply for a n-S deferment after an extended
    illness is actually an opinion of a selective service spokesman. I be lieve
    it will prevail. Sincerely, Joe Rogers

Heading: P.S.
Content: I think that Dan Martin has done a good job in condensing about three pages into
    a single column directly relevant to your readers.

Heading: Recom m endation
Content: To the Editor: I strongly recom mend " The Ath lete as an Artist"  in the
    November 16,issue of The Different Drummer to anyone who is even rem otely
    in terested in athletics. Sincerely, Bradley N. Tufts shall not kill'?"
    Politics can not be excluded from the ideology of the defendants, on the
    contrary their actions were po litical in two senses. First they struck out
    at a machine grinding away with top efficiency at human life. Second, the
    methods they chose were their own design and not the systematic outlines and
    diagram s of the present government. In Rochester today the defend ants are
    trying the United States for it's murder of m illions in Viet nam, Cambodia
    and Laos. Their actions at the Federal Building and in court are bringing to
    light the m oral significance of the deaths at Jackson State and Kent State.
    Joni Nickelson, one of the defend ants summed up the objective of the 8
    Flower City Conspirators when during the first day of court session she
    raised the following objection to prosecution evidence, "I  don't see where
    pictures of windows and doors have anything to do with human lives with
    which we must be concerned." The action can be called political because they
    are directly confront ing a political machine. They ask that human feeling
    and respect for (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Footnotes
Content: ___________ By PAUL

Heading: J, J.
Content: 

Heading: PAYACK,
Content: Two half-pints of oatmeal for lunch and dinner, 10 oz. of bread in stead of 6
    for dinner, a piece of roofing felt tacked over his barracks window, a taste
    of sausage from  a friend who received a " package, ana a piece of metal
    which can be ground into a knife found and slipped past the guards. _ . Ivan
    Denisocich Shukov puts his legs into the sleeves of his 3 acket, pulls his
    overcoat over his blanket and settles down in his sawdust mat tress at the
    end of a good day in his life and at the end of a good first novel by
    Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. Shukov is in the 8th year of his undeserved 10-year
    imprisonment in a Siberian labor camp. His enem ies are very ancient Russian
    ones: cold, hunger and human brutality, not Soviet society. The fences are
    boundary markers, barely sym bolic. Prisoners who disobey have their food
    rations cut or their coats revoked. The suffering which Shukov and his com
    rades undergo in no way ex plicates the profound universal questions raised
    by Dostoevskian suffer ing, but pointlessly and fruitlesly reduces the
    prisoners to the most prim - itiev elements of their being. This
    primitiveness does not print through Solzhenitsyn's characters in the purely
    negative terms of avoiding cold, hunger, and brutality, how ever. These men
    by and large large retain and, m oreover, strive to express a fundamental
    dignity which they brought with them from  their villages. " To be good at
    something"  is of utmost importance to them. Shukov is a mason who takes
    deep pride in laying each brick per fectly. He also takes pride in his
    survival. It becom es an intellectual gam e: getting the second bowl of
    oatmeal, sneaking the piece of metal through the shake-down, putting up the
    roofing felt and then talking down the gang boss when he orders it rem oved.
    It is the test of how much dignity remains and to what extent it can be
    expressed that measures the life within them and throughout the day Shukov
    administers these tests to himself--just to make sure. He and his are
    building one of those miraculous cities that spring up out of nowhere in
    Siberia. This is a book about nowhere--a lost world in the 40's and 50's of
    up to 16,000,000 victim s of Stalin's paranoia. Since the death of Stalin,
    those innocently imprisioned have been released. In 1967 alone, upward of 4
    million were restored to society. The language of the book is as stark and
    barren, as bereft of lyricism and imagination as the world it describes. You
    would expect the story to pass through your brain like a strand of barbed
    wire, but it doesn t. In this reviewer's opinion, Solzhenitsyn is less adept
    at inciting the emo tional understanding of a situation than Hemingway,
    Chekov, or Salinger. It has neutrality of a news report. The achievement of
    the book lies else where. Not since Radishchev's Journey from  St.
    Petersburg (1790) has there been such an outspoken monumest to one man's
    courage in Russian literature and it has probably served even to a greater
    degree to en courage other intellectuals to speak out for m ore civil
    liberties. Only after the publication of this book did Sakharov, Daniel,
    Sinyavsky, Alma- dryk and Grigoriev dare to raise their voices above the
    underground. None of these men are anti-socialist; all would curtail the use
    of terror and introduce intellectual rights (freedom  of speech and press)
    commen surate with the social rights achieved already for the proletariat
    (em ployment, recreation, education, m edicine, woman s equality and re
    tirement). It is Solzhenitsyn's outspoken life as a whole that raises again
    the question of the place of courage in a society. The cantankerous insis
    tence of the Soviet dissidents on maintaining certain civil liberties not
    afforded by the Soviet government place their courage on the same level as
    that of John, Robert and now Ted Kennedy, Martin King, Angela Davis, Rap
    Brown, Timothy Leary, Ralph Nader. Ironically, the Soviet dissi dents of the
    past decade have the better survival record. Apparently, our only difference
    of opinion a propos incarceration for political beliefs results from  our
    dem ocratic tradition: we feel it is per- m issable as long as a m ajority
    agree to it. An ironic twist of this ex- tem dy important difference between
    the leader of the "free world vs. the leader of the " slave"  world it that
    if we believe our recent elections, we may well have com e to the point
    where an ever-growing m ajority in this country favor political repression
    while the minority in the Soviet Union continues to dwindle. Note also that
    while the war-time stream  of defectors from  Eastern Europe has becom e a
    bare trickle, the number of Am erican " em igres increases year by year.
    Hundreds to Sweden, thousands to Canada, more 20'000 to Austrailia alone in
    recent years. One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich was the begmning of a
    begin ning of the open criticism  of the last great fault in Soviet society.
    It and the events , following it, to culminate in the decision of whether
    Solzhen itsyn goes to Sweden to pick up his prize, are as important for what
    they tell us about ourselves as they are for what they tell Soviets about
    them selves.

Heading: Kunstler
Content: To the Editor: Enclosed please find a carbon copy of a letter I sent to Charles
    Watts, president of the University: There appears to be no end to the
    insults to the intelligence of this community by the base characters
    permitted to com e to Bucknell as guest speakers. As if it were not
    degrading enough to have Rennie Davis within the past year, further insult
    is added to injury by the proposed com ing of William Kunst- ler. Again I
    ask, " What benefit can be gained by calling in such a per verted and demon
    possessed crea tures?" Again, I also ask, why are there not men brought to
    this Campus who would advocate decency, pa triotism , and Christianity.
    Would it not be far better to bring a man of the caliber of Jonathan
    Edwards, (Who was a true intellectual) but was used vitally by the spirit of
    God to cause spiritual enlighten ment in this country in his day. His
    message was extrem ely beneficial to the young nation, nor did he ad vocate
    anarchy and the demoraliza tion of society. Please think upon these things.
    Very truly yours, M alcolm A. Clinger

Heading: Flower City
Content: To the Editor: The first week of the Flower City Conspiracy Trial is over. Eight
    people face a possible sentence of 38 years a piece for their individual
    parts in action taken against the FBI office, the Federal attorney's and the
    state draft board in the Federal Building in Rochester, N.Y. If we call
    these people radical we must also understand that they are very sensitive, m
    oralistic and re ligious people. Almost half of the people in attendence
    were clergy including 2 protestant and 1 catholic bishops. The depth of the
    defend ants' m oral convictions is witnessed by the one question the
    defendants put to prospective jurors. " Do you believe in the bible passage
    'thou Will the Phoenix Arise? Footnotes as a column is concerned with
    communication; in this case the written word or as McLuhan would have it,
    linear or sequential thought. We products of the media are all too aware of
    his m essage; that the medium has m ore im pact than the substance of what
    is said, shown or written. It has been estimated that the youth of Am erica
    accum ulate som e 14,000 hours absorbing the trash radiated by the tube; som
    e 3,000 m ore hours than they spend in school. Considering the levelling
    influences which perm eate the airwaves one can understand why McLuhan has
    said, " W e are fools to use radio and television in the m odem  world. Only
    madmen would use radio and v television if they knew the consequences." Is
    the present state of communications as bleak as this metaphysician of the
    media would have it? Suffice it to say along side others knowledge- able in
    the field he com es across as an optimist. The consensus seems to agree on
    the point that certain technological advances represent the quantum leaps
    which lead to m ajor destructuring of existing societies. Philosopher Alfred
    North Whitehead precisely summarizes this po sition, " The greatest advances
    in civilization all beut wrecked the societies from which they em erged."
    One must admit that our civilization appears to be rapidly approach ing the
    all-but-wrecked stage. Is there nothing m ore to do but await the new
    phoenix to arise from  the ashes? One man who believes he has a clear and
    distant view of, if not the answer to, the problem  is Isaac Asim ov, the
    scientific fictionist. Mr. Asi mov postulates that the root-problem stems
    from  the fact that a civiliza tion can only rise to as com plex a level as
    the communications^ medium available permits. Once this level is reached the
    civilation will either stagnate or decline until a new communications
    breakthrough ensues. Asimov assumes that three such breakthroughs hav
    occurred. Obvious ly the first catalyst was the first spoken word. Through
    speech traditions could be spread across generations, and the discoveries
    stumbled upon ac cumulated. However, with this medium man could not progress
    much further than hunting and collecting. The second advance was frozen
    speech,.

Heading: W
Content: A society with only the com plexity of the Roman confederation could be
    supported with writing. (In fact at one point McLuhan hangs the fall of Rom
    e upon the loss of the Egyptian papyrus crop and therefore its source of
    writing m aterial). The third leap cam e with the invention of m ovable
    type; The mechanical reproduction of the written word. And this, with minor
    alterations, is where we now stand. Where we now stand? What has McLuhan to
    worry about if we re still dominated by the written word and sequential
    thinking? Asim ov's answer is that the problem is not inherent to the m
    edia, but rather in Mankind s incomplete use or misuse of their electronic
    potential. Civilization has becom e so com plex, he reasons, that
    information must be distributed in enormous quantities to enable the
    individual to cope with it. His pe centers around the creation of electronic
    literacy where every man would own his own electrical outlet as today each
    man can own his own library. Imagine the possibilities. All the world's
    knowledge, all known data would be available to everyone at the turn of a
    dial or press of a button. Information would be relayed from  huge central
    storage centers and dis tributed the world-over through communication
    satellites. And so mankind once again converges on Armageddon. Some social
    commentators, like Robert Ardrey, think it already too late. He sees an-
    nhilation as mankind's only out, . if we a ^ V r ^ S m T fr o r n escape."
    Begin the whole experiment over again, this tune learning from On the other
    hand Mr. Asimov gives us a fighting chance, with the fourth revolution in
    communication our only weapon. " The race is on, and by 2000 at latest it
    will be decided: either the world of the fourth revolution will be in full
    swing or it w ill not be. fa the latter event, th>> world of the third
    revolution (and all mankind with it, probably) will be in its death throes."

Heading: GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: The Society of Black Composers
Content: ,B y TOM FICKLIN * * * * # * # * #

Heading: TAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: NOVEMBER 20, 1970 liberalized modes of education taking role is often scorned as
    far beneath our station. but as the time of giving thanks becom es a trifle
    nearer it soon becom es apparent that dere's no one gonna be here! have a
    happy! -- sam As part of ahe first Afro-Am erican Symposium, The Society of
    Black Composers perform ed in concert, Friday, November 13, 1970 at 8:30 p.m
    . Coleman Theatre. ., The Society of Black Composers was founded in 1968, to
    provide a permanent forum for the works and thoughts of black com posers, to
    collect and disseminate information about black com posers and their
    activities, and to enrich the cultudal life of the community at large. With
    Hubert Laws on flute, Ron Carter, double bass, Warren Sm ite, percussion,
    Hank Johnson, piano, W illiam Fischer, soprano saxophone (anM a BuckneUian
    for one year), CUfford Bowens piano, it should be empha- sived that as black
    creative artists, their intent was not to entertain. Their perform ance was
    a brilliant testament to the black m otive force and should be understood in
    this context. " Black Creative Artists and the Aesthetics of a Philosophy by
    Stephen Chambers, President of the Society of Black Composers As mankind is
    the highest and final culmination of tee thoughts of Divine-Intelligence,
    his (our) prim ary function on this planet earth is and should be the
    constant striving for a com plete and total re-union with That being-the-
    case, let it be fully understood that all art is and Should be religious and
    ritualistic, functioning as an effective instrument through (Continued on
    Page 3) (Continued from  Page 2) life be placed first and forem ose on any
    poUtical agenda. The Flower City 8 acted out of conscience and m oral
    conviction and wiU be punished poUtically for it. If these people must
    answer for their actions taken under m oral pretense then why not Richard
    Nix on for the tragedy in Vietnam or the CIA for the murders in Latin Am
    erica. If a man can no longer respond to his conscience and his m oral and
    religious beUefs, then George OrweU's 1984 is here. Erik LeRoy

Heading: Dorm Autonomy
Content: To tee Editor: After reading the editorial of The BuckneUian (November 17) on "
    Dorm  Autonomy"  I find m yself in a quandary over the point of tee
    editorial. As a member of the com m ittee working on the proposal for self
    determination of parietal hours I am  pleased to see support for tee
    proposal. However the obvious thoughtlessness of the editorial can only be
    detrimental to achieving implementation of the proposal. This
    thoughtlessness is manifest in the fact that you ignore Bill Whitney's
    article in the same paper and what it states as the basis for the proposal
    and what it will deal with. It was all upperclass dorms and not just New
    Dorm teat was polled and all will be considered in tee proposal. Furthermore
    the objective of this proposal is to present an objective purposeful plan
    that will explain how Bucknell may widen its educational program  by
    implement ing self-determination of parietal hours. It is not an immature
    and unequivocal demand for self-deter mination that leaves no alterna tives.
    In demanding you present the format of give us this, ar else ......... .
    What is your else if tee Uni versity and the Trustees say no to the
    proposal? Instead of a demand it is im por tant that bote sides of the issue
    be looked at and reviewed. From  re view the best solution can be made. One
    that balances the advantages . and disadvantages of the plan. "** This
    solution is the objective of the proposal, which w ill go before tee
    administration and hopefully tee Trustees. The proposal will ask for tee
    implementation of self deter mination of parietal hours and stress the
    relevance that this pro posal has in widening our educa tion at ucknell.
    Sincerely, John M. Lynch in your room and read The Buck- nellian than you
    have to read long articles on bulletin boards, let me attempt to explain to
    you what the article was really about. Kunstler was m erely speaking on the
    topic of legal aspects of self defense. He mentioned tee well- known fact
    teat the government and especially tee police are not always especially
    careful to safeguard the Constitutional rights of all tee citi zens;
    government and police do not necessairly exist for tee good of all. This
    cannot be disputed; blacks have suffered from  this repression legally from
    1619 until 1863, and il legally from  then until today, from just those
    quarters. Others of us are now beginning to see this hatred for what we
    stand for and what we are turn in to overt and covert acts of repres sion by
    the systems of government and the power structure. The entire speech
    centered around this point: The power structure is not there to serve and
    protect you, in fact, you are its enemy and it will do all it can to keep
    you from  exercising your rights, so you must protect your rights and your
    lives yourself. The phantom thumbtacker ne glected to highlight the part of
    the speech in which Kunstler explains just why John Gleason was stomped to
    death. He had just gone into one of the ghetto wards, far from  his own
    precinct, under no orders to do so, and shot an unarmed black man named
    Bobby Lee Williams. It was during his attempted " retreat"  that he was
    killed. Two of the crowd were convicted of his murder, and Williams, be
    cause he refused to testify in that trial, was " indicted for an attempt to
    murder John Gleason, although it's hard to realize how you can at tempt to
    murder somebody when you're lying on the ground with a 38 caliber bullet in
    your gut, which is exactly what the position of Bobby Lee Williams was."
    Kunstler in not defending lynch ing, for God's sake. The overall message is
    summed up in this quote: " If the power structure knows that you are
    determined to use that piece if your community is invaded, if people you
    love or respect, or who are merely your sisters and brothers, are being vic
    timized and destroyed by police, you have tee right to use whatever forces
    necessary to prevent teat depredation of human rights." Lynching is not an
    act of self defense. Kunstler is speaking out against lynching; he is
    telling tee blacks that the police lynching of people like Bobby Lee
    Williams and students at Jackson State and Kent State will continue unless
    the re pressed people of this country are (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Guest Column
Content: By TOM FICKLIN (Continued from  Page 8) which the message of Truth-Wisdom of
    this Divinity is channeled. As one of many, many forms through which (God)
    has chosen to manifest His being, Black-people must acknowledge their (our)
    particular role according to the Master-Plan. Furthermore, since the
    concepts of (God) and " spiritualism"  have been forgotten, distorted, and
    corrupted within the narrow confines of " m aterialism "  that now serve as
    the working precept for this country, " white" -americans are desprately
    groping for a spiritual re-birth and re newal of which Black americans in
    their (our) Devine role as " seers" (Black people are all of the Piscean
    order), can and must be at the vanguard ! It is incumbent, therefore, upon
    Black - Creative Artists working through whatever medium to commence a "
    Priestly"  duty of re-ordering and re-creating a National-Culture that will
    sustain and perpetuate the Life and Vitality of an emerging people. For " to
    create is to change; that is, you cannot create without first changing teat
    which already easts, especially if the essence of that which exist is
    polluted with m oral/spiritual decadence." In demanding the emergence of the
    spiritual essence within a people, Black-Creative Artists must of themselves
    be spiritual for no man can begin the involvement of any meaningful
    revolutionary process, " ex teriorly,"  if he has not first gone through tee
    revolutionary process, " in- teranlly,"  of looking at WHO he is and
    examining him self with new feelings and new ideas! ! _ ^ The primary
    responsibility, therefore, of Black-Creative Artists with in a total-
    revolution is not only the utilisation of their art-form s as in struments
    of communication in raising the social-political awareness and consciousness
    of the people but also in rejuvinating and revitalising to e inner essence
    of thei (our) Spirituality. Thus, Black-Creative Artists must, out of
    necessity and duty becom e " functional"  entities of the Divine-Mind (God)
    and perpetuate the aes thetics of a functional-philosophy of tee Black-Arts"
    for the Cultural/Spirit- ual Liberation of not only Black people, but of all
    people who are cul- turally/politically/spiritually enslaved within tee "
    shell that is our body being."  Hence, if such a task is blocked by fears,
    prejudices, and doubts, then we ALL face permanent enslavement and will have
    no other alterna tive but to further descend into the dregs of m
    oral/spiritual decadence.

Heading: Lynching
Content: To the Editor : It has com e to my attention that som e anonymous person (anony
    m ity always suggesting, at least to m e, fear and/or shame) has tacked to
    many bulletin boards around campus a reprint of an article which appeared in
    The Black Pan ther in July of last year. The article is the text of an ad
    dress given by Attorney William Kunstler to the UFAF (whatever that is). Out
    of the approximately 1900 word article, five sentences are highlighted in
    yellow on all the copies I have seen, and written above tee title are the
    words, " If you like lynching you'll love Kun stler." The five sentences
    contain the description of how a Plainfield, N.J. policem an was " stomped
    to death"  in the black getto of that city, and also contains the words
    (Kunstler's), " In m y opinion, he deserved that death. . . The crowd,
    justifiably, without the necessity of a trial and in the most dram atic way
    possible, stomped him to death." Outside of the outright lying, tak ing
    quotes out of context is perhaps tee lowest and most anti-intellectual *  of
    all methods of illegitam ate co ercion. And the crim e is doubled when an
    article such as this, rather lnng and in quite sm all print, is posted in a
    University atmosphere wherin most people have tim e only to read tee
    highlighted sentences and structure their reactions around them only. So for
    those of you ivho perhaps have m ore time to sit at dinner or

Heading: W hy doesn't
Content: 

Heading: General Electric talk about
Content: 

Heading: thermal pollution when they
Content: 

Heading: talk about nuclear
Content: 

Heading: power plants?
Content: 

Heading: General Electric pioneered the
Content: 

Heading: development of nuclear power plants
Content: 

Heading: in 1957.
Content: 

Heading: Right from the beginning, we fell
Content: 

Heading: that the greatest advantage of nuclear
Content: 

Heading: power was environmental. Unlike
Content: 

Heading: . fossil-fueled power plants, nuclear
Content: 

Heading: plants don't burn anything to make
Content: 

Heading: electricity. And where there's no fire,
Content: 

Heading: there's no smoke.
Content: 

Heading: But there's a possible
Content: 

Heading: disadvantage as well. It, too, is
Content: 

Heading: environmental. Thermal effects.
Content: 

Heading: We recognize it.
Content: 

Heading: One GE advertisement you may
Content: 

Heading: have seen recently pointed out that
Content: 

Heading: "all nuclear power plants discharge
Content: 

Heading: heat, as do fossil-fueled plants.
Content: 

Heading: America's utilities, with many years
Content: 

Heading: of experience, are working on
Content: 

Heading: thermal problems at nuclear sites on
Content: 

Heading: a plant-by-plant basis."
Content: 

Heading: General Electric
Content: 

Heading: does
Content: 

Heading: talk about
Content: 

Heading: thermal effects. Because they are
Content: 

Heading: important, but also because we feel
Content: 

Heading: the facts about them are perhaps too
Content: 

Heading: little known.
Content: 

Heading: Few people realize, for example,
Content: 

Heading: that federal law requires utilities to
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: NOV. 20. 1970

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: operate their plants within strict
Content: 

Heading: temperature limits. Thirty states have
Content: 

Heading: even stricter laws. Utilities are
Content: 

Heading: spending millions of dollars on
Content: 

Heading: dilution flow systems, cooling ponds
Content: 

Heading: and cooling towers to comply.
Content: 

Heading: But, in addition, utilities are
Content: 

Heading: sponsoring basic research on the
Content: 

Heading: problem of heat exchange and its
Content: 

Heading: effect on aquatic life. More than 97
Content: 

Heading: utilities have been financially
Content: 

Heading: involved in over 300 such studies.
Content: 

Heading: And each one adds a little to man's
Content: 

Heading: scientific understanding of the
Content: 

Heading: problem.
Content: 

Heading: Some interesting things have
Content: 

Heading: already come of it. For one, it's been
Content: 

Heading: found that, in some cases, adding
Content: 

Heading: heat to water can actually be
Content: 

Heading: beneficial. Warm irrigation water has
Content: 

Heading: extended growing seasons. Warm
Content: 

Heading: water has created new wintering
Content: 

Heading: ponds along waterfowl migration
Content: 

Heading: routes.
Content: 

Heading: Power-plant discharge water is
Content: 

Heading: reviving Long Island's oyster trade.
Content: 

Heading: Florida is using it to grow shrimp and
Content: 

Heading: lobster. In Texas, it's increasing the
Content: 

Heading: weight of commercial catfish by as
Content: 

Heading: much as 500%.
Content: 

Heading: Listing these benefits is not to
Content: 

Heading: beg the issue. Thermal effects remain
Content: 

Heading: a tough problem to solve at some
Content: 

Heading: sites. Each plant must be considered
Content: 

Heading: G E N E R A L S  ELECTRIC
Content: 

Heading: individually, in its own environment,
Content: 

Heading: and this is being done.
Content: 

Heading: General Electric, the electric
Content: 

Heading: utilities and environmentalists will
Content: 

Heading: continue to work. Work hard.
Content: 

Heading: Because we think the advantages
Content: 

Heading: of nuclear power far outweigh the
Content: 

Heading: disadvantages.
Content: 

Heading: Why are we running this ad!
Content: 

Heading: We're running this ad, and
Content: 

Heading: others like it, to tell you the things
Content: 

Heading: General Electric is doing to solve
Content: 

Heading: the problems of man and his
Content: 

Heading: environment today.
Content: 

Heading: The problems concern us
Content: 

Heading: because they concern you. We're
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: business and you are potential
Content: 

Heading: customers and employees.
Content: 

Heading: But there's another, more
Content: 

Heading: important reason. These problems
Content: 

Heading: will affect the future of this country
Content: 

Heading: and this planet. We have a stake in
Content: 

Heading: that future. As businessmen. And,
Content: 

Heading: simply, as people.
Content: 

Heading: W e invite your comments.
Content: 

Heading: Please write to General Electric,
Content: 

Heading: 570 Lexington Ave., New York, N.Y.
Content: 

Heading: 10022
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: 

Heading: Skating Rink
Content: People are needed to help build the class of "73 skating rink during December.
    Anyone who would like to help please call Mike Holoszyc at 1505.

Heading: Found
Content: The student who lost his slide rule while hitchhiking November 16, can pick it
    up by calling 523-6061.

Heading: Ice Hockey
Content: There will be an organizational meeting of the ice hockey club Mon day night
    October 23, at 8:00 p.m. in Coleman Hall room 101A. All re turning players
    and anyone interest ed in playing are asked to attend.

Heading: HiU Concert
Content: Mrs. Martha Hill will appear with the Susquehanna Valley Symphony Orchestra in a
    song-cycle by Hec tor Berlioz, " Les Nutts d'ete" . The performance will be
    held Sunday at 3 p.m. in the Davis Gymn Annex. Bucknell students will be
    admitted free upon presentation of their LD. card.

Heading: Russia
Content: History 291 " Revolutionary Rus sia"  (1855-1984) will be offered in the Spring
    MWF 11. Sign up with Prof. Beard, Coleman 210.

Heading: Essays
Content: A volume of essays by Roy Wood Sellars, edited by Professor Pres ton Warren, has
    recently been re ceived by the University Bookstore. The compiled papers
    show the de velopment of Professor Sellars' Re ferential Physical Realism
    and its application to the mind-body prob- lem, moral and social philosophy,
    the theory of value, the philosophy of religion. Professor Warren's work in
    edit ing Professor Sellars' papers in the first systematic effort to bring
    to gether representative papers of the original " critical realist" and "
    emergent evolutionist,"  that were published over a span of 60 years.
    Friday, November 20 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services 8:00 p.m. Hilltop: " Belle De
    Jour" Saturday, November 21 8:00 p.m. Kress Hall Dorm Film: ' Meditation
    Chapel Vaughan lit. Aud. 'King Kong Express" Vaughan Lit. Aud.

Heading: Senate Membership
Content: (Continued from Page 1) mise with the faculty now if we want a strong document?
    If we re act with distrust, it's better to end in the Conference Committee
    than in the Senate." Another amendment did pass unanimously. Students
    eligible for Senate membership are all those en rolled in fulltime regular
    academic programs of the University. The requirement of a 2.3 GPA was
    lowered to 2.0 on the basis that a student with a 2.0 is still in good
    standing. Another motion brought on the floor was to maintain a quorum
    consisting of half the Senate, 50 percent of the faculty, 30 of the students
    and 30 of the administra tion present. Bob Wendel, who suggested the idea,
    felt that the " fractioning out of the quorum into percentage is important
    if there ever arose a sit uation where Senate could not be partially
    represented. This does not hinder the Senate because an abso lute minimum of
    attendance on each group makes provisions for the whole group." However, a
    similar motion made by Jeff Sengstack, for a quorum of two-thirds, 50
    percent each, was de feated 14-5-2, after Wendel withdrew his motion.
    Sunday, November 22 10:30 a.m. Chapel: The Rev. Mr. George R. Callahan Rooke
    Chapel 2-00 p.m. English Dept. Film: " The Grapes of Wrath" Vaughan Lit.
    Aud. 4:00 p.m. Catholic Mass Rooke Chapel Monday, November 23 Faculty
    Computer Seminar Dana Engring. 228 Family Swim Night Freas-Rooke Pool Dept.
    Civil Engineering Lecture: Mr. George Fasic Olin Science Aud. Ice Hockey
    Organizational Meeting Coleman Hall 101A English Dept. Film: " Jules and
    Jim" Vaughan Lit. Aud.

Heading: Weekend Exposes Need for Awareness
Content: 

Heading: Students View Symposium and Afro-American Studies
Content: 4:0 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. Tuesday, November 24 4:45 p.m.
    Catholic Mass 7:00 p.m 7:00 p.m 7:30 p.m 8:00 p.m 9:00 p.m Intercollegiate
    Debate Society Sigma-7 Faculty Seminar Christian Science Organization

Heading: A.A.U.P.
Content: Yoga Meditation Instruction sponsored by Indigo Hunt Hall Living Room Rooke
    Chapel Vaughan Lit. 203 Dana Engineering 228 Vaughan lit. 241 University
    Lounge Wednesday, November 25 12:00 Noon Thanksgiving Recess Begins

Heading: Lacy
Content: 

Heading: The Final Word
Content: Editor's Note: The following is the final exam schedule for first se mester:
    (Continued from  Page 1) (hat it wil provide past and present administration
    members in attend ance a better understanding of stu dent attitudes toward
    the Presiden tial Office and the policy responsi bilities therein, and that
    it wiU serve as a bridge to open communi cation between the nation's college
    youth and officials working in the Office of the President. The program for
    the conference involves a keynote address and roundtable discussions on the
    de velopment of the Presidential Of fice, the Presidential approach to
    domestic and foreign policy, and the Presidential goals for the 1970's,
    ndsdp-s

Heading: B R U N O ' S
Content: 

Heading: House of Fashion
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-0790
Content: PS,99000009000960600000001 :.................................................
    ..... Tuesday, December 15 2:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m. Wednesday, December 16 9:00
    a.m. 2:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m. Thursday, December 17 9:00 a.m. 2:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m.
    Friday, December 18 9:00 a.m. . 2:00 p.m. Saturday, December 19 9:00 a.m. ,
    2:00 p.m. Monday, December 21 9:00 a.m. 2:00 p.m. TT 9:00, TT 9:30 MWF 8:00,
    MTWTF 8:00, MW 8:00, W 8:00 TT 11:00, Tu 11:00, Th 11:00 MWF 2:45, MTWTF
    2:45, MTTF 2:45 TT 8:00 TT 12:45, Tu 12:45, Th 12:45, TT 12:15 MWF 12:45, MW
    12:45, M 12:45, F 12:45 MTTF 3:45, MW 3:45 TT 10:00, MWF 3:45, MTWTF 3:45,
    MTTF 3:45, MW 3:45 TT 3:15, TT 3:30, TT 3:45, TT 2:45 MWF 10:00, MTWTF
    10:00, MTTF 10:00, M 10:00, W 10:00, MTWF 10:00, MTWT 10:00 TT 1:45, Tu
    1:45, Th 1:45 MWF 11:00, MTWTF 11:00, MF 11:00, M 11:00, W 11:00, MTTF
    11:00, MTWF 11:00, MWTF 11:00 MWF 9:00, MTMTF 9:00, MTWT 9:00, WF 9:00 MWF
    1:45, MW 1:45, M 1:45, W 1:45, F 1:45, MTWTF 1:45, MTTF 1:45, M 2:00
    (Continued from Page 3) able to stand up and say, " We will not sit by and
    watch any more of our brothers get killed and wounded and then indicted. If
    our govern ment will not defend our constitu tional rights, then we will
    have to." Because, you see, when the govern ment ignores your rights, there
    is none to turn to but yourself. Kunstler is not blasting all forms of
    government in this country; he isn't calling every policeman a pig. He is
    merely saying that in most cities a black man cannot feel safe from his own
    police force, or per haps from only part of his own police force. Kingman
    Brewster, president of Yale, has said, a black man can not get a fair trial
    in America to day. William Kunstler is saying that this is true in enough
    cases so that preparation for self-defense is justified. The frustation felt
    by blacks try ing to live relevantly in white Amearic is something that very
    few whites can understand. And finally, as regards the in cident highlighted
    in the article. I ask you, masked duplicator, what would you do if your
    unarmed brother had just been shot by a policeman for no apparent reason?
    Especially if every one of your an cestors had been owned, beaten,

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER
Content: 

Heading: in EUROPE
Content: 

Heading: for
Content: 

Heading: $199.00
Content: 

Heading: SS
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: June 2 to August 28--New York to Amsterdam 8
Content: (Round Trip) v CALL BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS AT (717) 524-1477 (Open on ly to  B
    ucknell Students and Eduoaitional Staff-- fi P rice Based on 60 Seats)

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: _______________________________ *
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: i Grand Opening
Content: 

Heading: -- OF--
Content: 

Heading: ###
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: jLeUie Creationi
Content: 

Heading: FEATURING
Content: 

Heading: WOMEN'S WIGS &
Content: 

Heading: HAIR
Content: 

Heading: PIECES
Content: 

Heading: 44 NORTH FIFTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: -- OPEN--
Content: # 10:00 - 5:30 TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, SATURDA << 10:00 A. M. -- 9:00 P.M.
    FRIDAY

Heading: North Front Street
Content: 

Heading: 17 Bound Avenue
Content: 

Heading: 742-9392
Content: 

Heading: 742-8818
Content: 

Heading: DAN'S
Content: 

Heading: USED
Content: 

Heading: FURNITURE
Content: 

Heading: MILTON, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: HOURS: MON., TUES., THURS., FRI., 1:00 TO 9:00 P.M. SAT. 9:00 A :M : TO  5:00
    P.M.

Heading: CLOSED ALL DAY WED.
Content: 

Heading: CHAMPION SHOE REPAIR
Content: 

Heading: IS YOUR
Content: 

Heading: mOCCRSIN CEOTER
Content: 

Heading: OVER 20 STYLES
Content: 

Heading: IN STOCK
Content: 

Heading: Complete Shoe Service
Content: 

Heading: NORTH OF WEIS FOOD MARKET
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg. Penna.
Content: hated, and/or discriminated against by the 'police' for 350 years? What would
    you do? Yours in hope but frustration, Gary Koutnik

Heading: Commertord
Content: (Continued from Page 1) of frosh pledges as 'associate mem bers', a contributing
    part of the group," Dean Commerford sug gested. Dean Commerford is
    encouraging more involvement between fratern ities and the Lewisburg
    community. He cites the fraternities' many un publicized efforts in local
    affairs. " Although there are no ghettoes and major problems in Lewisburg,
    it is still possible for fraternities to increase their civic activities,"
    he asserted. * As Assistant Dean of Men for Fraternity Affairs, Commerford
    provides overall assistance for the Inter-Fraternity Council, aids in
    problem solving and individual counseling, and acts as liason be tween the
    fraternities and Dean of Student Affairs. Enthusiastic about the University,
    he considers himself fortunate to work with people here. " The fra ternity
    situation is a healthy phe- nomen, part of the campus com munity. I see no
    barriers, anly fa cades, between fraternity members and independents. As was
    proved by the May strike this year, we all can work together."

Heading: STRAND
Content: 

Heading: SUNBURY, PA
Content: 

Heading: TONIGHT THRU TUESDAY
Content: 

Heading: JACKIE GLEASON
Content: 

Heading: MAUREEN O'HARA
Content: *

Heading: SHELLEY WINTERS
Content: in

Heading: "H O W  DO I
Content: 

Heading: LOYE THEE"
Content: WEEKDAYS A T  7:00 A 9:00 SAT FROM  1:. SUN FROM  2.

Heading: BM IM IW C IW W IIIM IIM IM II1C B M M I
Content: Color Productions Present

Heading: IN CONCERT
Content: 

Heading: Blood, Sweat & Tears
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAY, DECEMBER 5
Content: 

Heading: FARM SHOW ARENA HBG., PA.**
Content: $5.00 Advance ticket purchase $6.00 Door ticket price Send sett addressed
    stamped envelope to: Color Productions, Inc. BOX 336, HARRISBURG, P A  17108
    # 1

Heading: MIMI
Content: lllliHIIIIIHIIIII

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: NOV. 20, 1970 By DEAN LANDEW " When blacks demand rele vance,' they speak from a
    certain point of legitimacy. The first prin ciple . . . emphasizes
    individual ad vancement and says, 'We are color blind.' The second principle
    empha sizes the group and must be con cerned with racial questions." The
    notion that society is operat ing under two different principles of
    legitimacy was stated by Dr. Charles Hamilton, Columbia Uni versity
    Professor of Urban Studies, in an address Sunday night as part of last
    weekend's Afro-American Symposium. Two juniors, one white and one black,
    discussed separately with the Bucknellian their personal views on the
    Symposium and the many ramifications of the Black situation here on campus,
    using the two prin ciples of legitimacy as a basis for comment. Kay Smith is
    a member of the subcommittee on Afro-American Studies, and is white. She
    attended Friday's concert, Saturday's drama, informal discussion with Dr.
    Hamil ton and part of his speech Sunday. In an overview comment, Kay said,
    "Throughout the whole weekend there was an illustration of the second point
    of legitimacy." She continued, " The Symposium was specifically set up to
    empha size Black thought, not just Ameri can thought. I feel it was success
    ful for those who attended. It illus trated certain specific aspects of
    Black politics and culture in that it gave us a greater perspective on Black
    life." Kay explained that one of the ma jor motivations for creating the sub
    committee came in response to black students' requests. She feels that the
    committee is working real istically, although now, " It is not working fast
    enough for some ele ments on campus."  She does feel, however, " It's a step
    in the right direction." Looking beyond the Symposium, she said, " I
    question whether this University has the resources to de velop a large scale
    Black Studies program. I would like to see a few more courses instituted.
    Hopefully, the drive for a black professor will be successful,"  She
    continued, " But to bring one black here is almost tokenism." " Idealy, I
    would like to see a few blacks on the faculty with different Black
    experiences,"  Kay said. She also explained that any black pro fessor who
    came here would have to be someone who has lived with and been educated with
    blacks. In this respect, Kay feels that the university is headed toward the
    second principle of legitimacy, but in a slightly qualified way. " It
    couldn't just be 'We need a black professor.' I would put qualifica tions on
    'black;' not necessarily a PhD, but minimum academic cre dentials." On the
    possibility of a Black Studies program, she said, " Ob viously, without
    outside help, whites cannot put together a Black Studies

Heading: This Week
Content: 

Heading: In Pacifica
Content: November 22, 1970 2:30 - 5:00 p.m. WVBU 90.5

Heading: CIVILIAN CASUALTIES -- FOR
Content: 

Heading: GOTTEN HORROR
Content: Dr. Herbert Needleman, who has been in Vietnam several times in the past two
    years, describes the forgotten scandal of war -- the near total lack of
    medical care for hun dreds of thousands of civilians in jured each year.

Heading: THE MY LAI PSYCHOLOGY
Content: Two veterans of the First Calvary Division, who fought in Vietnam during the
    past year, describe com bat and the dehumanization of American servicemen.

Heading: CONCERNED ACADEMY GRAD
Content: 

Heading: ATES
Content: West Point graduate Dan Em- bree, and Annapolis graduate Frank Morrow talk with
    Denny Smithson about

Heading: CONCERNED
Content: 

Heading: ACADEMY
Content: GRADUATES and the action the group is taking to end the war in Vietnam. program.
    Also, any Black Studies program cannot be just for black students."  She
    explained, " Econom ically, it isn't justifiable." As her personal attitudes
    on the Black situation today, Kay com mented, " Although we should all have
    equal rights, blacks and whites have individual needs and wants."
    Mentioning that she taught in a predominately black school in Mississippi
    last summer, Kay now feels that blacks have " more a sense of community.
    This came back to me more Saturday night sitting in the audience." * * *
    Speaking from the Black point of view, Carlton Mitchell saw the Sym posium
    somewhat differently. He attended the concert, the drama and Hamilton's
    formal speech Sunday. " The Symposium was poorly at tended,"  he said. " As
    for what it was trying to accomplish, it was trying to bring an awareness to
    this campus about the black people and their spirit. How successful that
    was, I don't know. There must be an appreciation of the Black ex perience by
    white students. I don't think there has been for a long time." Carlton
    further explained, " The music Friday night was good, but I don't think a
    lot of students here enjoyed it and understood it. They've been underexposed
    to that kind of music."  Carlton feels that the drama and dance troupe was "
    excellent,"  and that Hamilton was " superb." As for Hamilton's presentation
    of two principles of legitimacy,"  Carl ton said, " We aren't even as ad
    vanced as the first principle yet. Either principle would be adequate for a
    start. Since we got into do ing something, we could decide which principle
    is best for us. We haven't had the opportunity to de cide yet." He
    continued, " The black stu dents here are small in number and not well
    organized yet. The Uni versity is a microcosm not of total society in that a
    special type of student goes here. I guess that says something about the
    admissions de partment. " There is not too much hope for a change here. We,
    as students, must realize that, right now, all the power is in the hands of
    the trus tees. We are being ruled by those who give money to us (referring
    to the alumni). So we must behave conservatively. The University must

Heading: Corsages --
Content: 

Heading: Stein's
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: F lo w e rs
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: that was a good experience. Some of them didn't even know this Uni versity
    existed." Carlton did say that the subcom mittee made " an honest effort to
    make a step in the right direction, and many of their efforts will be
    substantial. The Committee has lined up some good people, I'm  told, but I
    don't think it will go farther than that. I'm very pessimistic."

Heading: Enrollment Reaches
Content: 

Heading: Record Proportions
Content: Undergraduate and total enrol lment at the University have es tablished records
    for the second straight year according to figures released by University
    Registrar Florence Pyle. The total enrollment of 2,933 stu dents is 88
    higher than a year ago, and the undergraduate figure of 2,696, boosted by a
    record fresh man class of 805 men and women, represents an increase of 75
    stu dents. In addition to the fresman class, there are 683 sophomores, 612
    juniors, 564 seniors, and 32 special ________________ W fO students among
    the undergraduates.

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: will resume deliveries on
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1970
Content: be very cautions." Asked how change could be ef fected, Carlton answered that
    there must be a " raising of the level of consciousness among administra
    tors, faculty and especially stu dents. We must stand up to the powers that
    be. Students will defi nitely have to play a major role." He continued, "
    We're going to have to become more than stu dents. Students are
    manufactured. They come out in boxes looking all alike." Carlton also feels
    " a lot of stu dents don't know why they're here." He explained that many
    will " do anything to avoid the draft,"  and " a real education means more
    than just studying." Carlton commented on the role of the faculty in
    effecting changes on campus, such as a Black Studies program. " The faculty
    hasn't the backbone to go out and do some things themselves. Their jobs prob
    ably would be in jeopardy, but it takes guts to do something like that."  He
    sees a " minimal amount of black professors and courses"  in the future. As
    for the Symposium itself, Carl ton said, " A lot of black students were here
    from other schools and

Heading: r r
Content: 

Heading: 4E
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: Engineers ! Would you rather start your career
Content: 

Heading: jg
Content: 

Heading: in management and practice engineering
Content: 

Heading: m j F
Content: 

Heading: instead of starting in engineering and
Content: 

Heading: [ j
Content: ?gjSSSS

Heading: working up to management?
Content: 

Heading: Management Hlm -
Content: 

Heading: Phormin Danor 1
Content: 

Heading: Hat tatet at
Content: 

Heading: UlldllHIII raHcl#|
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 3**-

Heading: A  S U B S ID IA R Y  OF T H E  P R O C TER  & G A M BLE CO .
Content: 

Heading: NOV.
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 20. 1970

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: Experience in papermaking is not necessary; we'll train you. Within 6 months
    after you join us, you will be given full charge of an engineering staff
    section or direct re sponsibility for a production unit or department.

Heading: We will interview at the Student Placement Office
Content: 

Heading: Wednesday, Dec. 2, 1970
Content: 

Heading: BS and MS degrees in CHE, CE, IE, EE, ME, Pulp and Paper Technology, and
Content: 

Heading: MBA's with BS in any technical discipline. We have opportunities in:
Content: 

Heading: # MANUFACTURING PLANT MANAGEMENT
Content: 

Heading: # PLANT MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
Content: 

Heading: # PRODUCT ENGINEERING
Content: 

Heading: # PLANT INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING
Content: 

Heading: # PLANT CHEMICAL ENGINEERING
Content: Already 10th largest industry in the United States, papermaking Is exploding
    with new growth. And Charmin, as a producer of houshold paper products only,
    is a pacesetter in the segment that is growing 3 times faster than the total
    industry! Charmin'* entire operations are alive with new methods, new ideas,
    new processes, new product concepts-- and Charmin engineers are in the
    forefront of these develop ments. Now, as our marketing area expands beyond
    75% of the U. S. population, we need more engineers capable of bold new
    thinking. Our rapid growth, combined with a practice of promotion from
    within, provides out standing advancement opportunities. We must
    significantly increase our manage ment organization in the next few years,
    providing opportunities at all levels in the organization. Your progress
    will be closely followed, since our technically trained management group is
    comparatively small. Choice of four locations: Green Bay, Wisconsin;
    Cheboygan, Michigan; Mehoopany, Pennsylvania (near Scranton) or our new Cape
    Girardeau, Missouri plant. If hunt ing, fishing, or skiing are hobbies, your
    choice of locations can put you into an area rich in resources for your
    favorite sport.

Heading: Sign up at the Placement Office now, and find out more about a future with
Content: 

Heading: us. We're interested in talking-with you even if you have graduate school plans
Content: 

Heading: or a military obligation. Note: You must be a U.S. citizen or have a permanent
Content: 

Heading: immigrant visa.
Content: Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer --  M /F WEEEEEEEa

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: Series Evaluates Ratios;
Content: 

Heading: Depicts Faculty Staffing
Content: m m m m m

Heading: The Frais Find Frosh
Content: By JACKIE STUBBA This article represents the last of the series of interviews
    with department chairmen on the prob lem of employing the needed staff
    members to correspond with large enrollment in the courses. Although it was
    not possible to interview all of them, the departments that were covered
    give a general insight into the situation at this university. Professor
    David S. Ray, chair man of the department of mathe matics, counted the total
    enrollment to be 1086 students. Each of the sixteen faculty members teaches
    three classes, creating an approxi mate student-faculty ratio of 30:1 for
    freshmen, 20:1 at the sophomore level, and 10:1 for upperclassmen. Inside
    the actual classroom, the ratio averages about 21:1, although, in some
    cases, it is higher. Ray Stated that, " The large ratio we

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: ..rivial
Content: Trivial's Quote of the Week: " Do not wish to be a student in contras', to being
    a man. Do not study as a student, but as a man who is alive and who cares,
    Leave the isolated world of ideological fan tasy, allow your ideas to become
    part of your living and your living to become part of your ideas"  -- Tom
    Hayden, 1962. Did you know that: all ROTC arm patches have the word "
    Bucnell- ensis"  misspelled; the ROTC badges read " Bucknellensis,"  with a
    " k." "W hen people lost sight of the w ay to live Came codes of lov e and
    honesty. Learning cam e, charity came. H ypocrisy took charge." -- Laotzu

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 11:00 AJd. SUNDAY

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: have is less than ideal, but it cer tainly is a workable one." The department is
    understaffed, he feels, but satisfactory arrange ments (made possible by
    financial aid from the National Science Foun dation) will permit the hiring
    of another lecturer next semester for two courses. The math department made
    no request to enlarge the staff this year. Ray explained, " Due to a larger
    number of majors, this de partment has increased by 3 or 4 in the past five
    years."  He does not believe the staff to be badly over worked; however, one
    potential problem might be Math 191 (other departments are considering mak
    ing that a possible requirement) if this happens, the number of stu dents in
    that course could double or triple. However, the present sit uation he feels
    to be satisfactory. Professor Harold W. Heine, chair man of the department
    of chemis try, cited the ratio of students to faculty to be 90:1 this
    semester. Due to a large increase in enroll ment in the introductory
    courses, more lab stations will cause an " untenable situation,"  as Heine
    dis- criber it. Four upperclass courses have had to be dropped, including
    one im portant course for students going on to graduate work in that area.
    And a new laboratory course de signed to partially compensate for some of
    these losses will not be in stituted. This year, due to a change in
    curriculum for engineering students, liberal arts majors could not fit into
    the Chemistry 111-112 classes; thus, two new courses must be created for
    them. " This is at the | expense of courses for our majors," | Heine
    commented, j Although these conditions are I rough on the staff members, Pro
    fessor Heine acknowledged that " mutual cordiality and respect be tween the
    department and the ad ministration." The chemistry staff has taken on extra
    burdens willingly enough but, now, " additional staffing is absolute- 1 ly
    necessary." For, under the pre sent conditions, " The chemistry de- I
    partment will be in critical condi- , i tion for the academic year 1971-72."

Heading: Chemical Manufacturing
Content: 

Heading: Rohm and Haas
Content: 

Heading: Company
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: Plastics, Fibers, Pharmaceuticals,
Content: 

Heading: and Chemicals for Agriculture,
Content: 

Heading: and the Processing Industries.
Content: 

Heading: Will Interview on
Content: 

Heading: DECEMBER 4, 1970
Content: 

Heading: For positions of responsibility,
Content: 

Heading: diversity and strong future
Content: 

Heading: advancement possibilities.
Content: 

Heading: RESEARCH, ENGINEERING, PRODUCTION,
Content: 

Heading: TECHNICAL SALES, FINANCE.
Content: Philadelphia headquarters. Plants and Offices throughout the

Heading: U.S.
Content: and in 33 foreign countries.

Heading: ROHM
Content: 

Heading: IHRRS
Content: PHILADELPHIA. PENNSYLVANIA 19105

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: NOVEMBER 20, 1970 The following is a list of this year's new fraternity pledges.
    KAPPA SIGMA: Steve Sparkes, Dick McWilliams, Bill Lundgren, John Wahoski,
    Jack Williams, Rich DeViemo, Rich Col lins, Roger Dragon, Les Sweitzer,
    Peter Sheer an, Kieth Anderson, Len Coates, Fred Mintz, George Bush- nell,
    Tom Wells, Rick Hersey, John Davenport, Bill Kinney, Mike Court ney, Peter
    Smith, Jim Worral, Rick Pollard and Chip Stine. KAPPA DELTA RHO: Steve Watt,
    Jeff Apfelbaum, Dan Boston, Bill DiMiehele, Bob Hoff, Eric Rohrbaugh, Tom
    Keyser, A1 Cooper, Tom Wason, Jim North- ridge, A1 Smith, Ken Hafer, Koen-
    raad Vandegaer, Mary Reifsnyder, Frank Russell, Tom Lewis, Mike Fisher, Bill
    Whitney, Bob Owen, Mike Baron, Lee Pennington and BillWerther. THETA DELTA
    CHI: Tony Brimo, Dennis Dougherty, Steve Dyott, Bob Palmer, Tom Pat terson,
    Doug Porpora, Neil Roth, Bob Shackatano, Jon Weinstein, Howie Lay, Bill
    Geyer and Dan Dover. SIGMA ALPHA MU: John Holt, Bruce Clark, Steve Har row,
    Paul Asaban, Doug Andres, Jim Segal, Ed Cohen, Dave Kassel, Gil Levine,
    Richard Saltz, Bob Spielman, Steve Copulsky, Dean Landew, Marc Powers, Glenn
    Mar tin, George Ballentine, John Mona han, Todd Blinder, Owen Mahon, Kim
    Rieck, Paul Shutte, Steve Bo- odakian, Andrew Rolfe (sopho more), Paul Lomeo
    (sophomore) and Andrew Lesser (sophomore). SIGMA ALPHA EPSILON: Bill Bohlen,
    Dan Collman, John DeBenedictus, Bob Douglass, Mile Galbraith, Bill Huston,
    Denny Lan- zoni, Craig Mallory, Dan Rheam, Dave Smith and Doug Watkins.
    THETA CHI: Bob Baran, A1 Boracci, Ed Fei- bel, Tom Hombrook, Homer Mye, Bill
    Rogers, Steve Sahl and Gary Westman. PHI LAMBDA THETA: Robert R. Allen,
    Lester R. Baker, Paul D. Brant, Bennet M. Brooks, David W. Cerasa, John W.
    DeGroot HI, Gary G. Gyekis, James Hindel, Peter Kolbay, Lewis Lippe, Randall
    Mattison, Blake Nicholson HI, Geof frey Price, Keith Roberts, William Six,
    Jr., Robert Stevens, James Vic- evich, Randolph Walzer, and John Yee. TAU
    KAPPA EPSILON: Lee Adrian, Chip Berger, Norbert Church, Michael Hanrahan,
    Scott Heffley, James Hughes, Jr., David Kairys, Paul Koemer, William Koi ke,
    Leslie Lagnese, William Ledger- wood, Raymond Linstrum, Alec MacDonnell,
    James Morrell, John Nelson, Jr., Ira Perman, James Pichert, Roy Ruziak,
    Michael Sin- kus, Stephen Speechley, Jim Stahl, Carleton Strouss, Paul
    Winder and Robert Wooster. PHI KAPPA PSI: John Byram, Dan Carrescia, Jim
    Flandreau, Henry Ford, Roy Gross- man, Bob Good, Miles Hamm, Dave Henry,
    Paul Kerr, Rob Lucas, Rich Kolodgie, Chris Martens, Chuch Mertz, Guy
    Messick, Joel Millman, Steve Norton, Nick Puleo, Bob Richards, Mark
    Sorenson, Steve Winnings and Lance Wolfson. DELTA UPSILON: Bill Bachman,
    Rick Buckelew, Phil Campbell, Brad Clemenson, Mark Currie, Mark Davies, Neil
    Fleming, Jim Harley, PhD Hoover, Glenn McGlaughlin, Jim McGuire, Buck
    McPhaU. Jim Nevels, Paul Perlik, Harvey Porter, Steve Shedd, Jim Thomas,
    John Ulmer, Don Woehling, and Mike Wolf. LAMBDA CHI ALPHA: Gene Bartholomew,
    Scott Beagle, Dave Bemis, Guy Biechele, Bob Burke, Barry BunneU, Mitch Col
    lins, Harry Crofton, Skip Dorsey,

Heading: f
Content: PINNED: Kathy Feist, '73 (Keystone Junior College) to Tony Fomataro, '73 Sig ma
    Chi. ENGAGED: Greta Frantz, '71 to Alan Bitting, '70 (Shippensburg). Jeff
    Fischer, Jed Freeman, Wayne Gibbs, Greg Gibson, Ken Hydock, Kevin McCabe,
    John Nespoli, Chris Olsen, NeD Park, Doug Roberts, Dave Saterlee, Bob
    Seltzer, Steve Smith, Bob Sutnick and Howie Walsh. SIGMA PHI EPSILON: Tom
    Armstrong, Craig BaUey, Dan Doane, Ken Elliot, Gary Fire stone, Steve
    Franklin, George Gra- bowski, Mark Griffiths, Alan Gro- chal, Ed Hafer, Tom
    Hardcastle, Marty Hlick, Bruce Kevan, Don Labowsky, Mike Lotzkar, Andy Ty
    son, Glenn Pulianas, Bob Scho- walter, Rick Schwartz, Tom Snead, Chavalit
    Techapaibul, Claire Whe eler, and John Zobel. SIGMA CHI: Andy Balbo, Glenn
    Barnes ('73), Joe Bering, Bob Bunnet, Fred Davis, Steve Kovalchick, Bill Na
    poli, Mark Nosal, Stan Page, Bem ie Spirk, and Frank Torok. PHI GAMMA DELTA:
    Bemie Blockus, Bob Chandler, Mike Craig, Rob Graham, John Groninger, Rich
    Heinick, Joe Joque, Paul Kmetz, Jim Loyer, Vic Marks, Mike MBano, John
    Myers, WU1 Pike, Carl Probst, Steve Renock, Jack Sauer, BUI Stein, and Waldo
    Zabaldo. 1.

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: Big Blue Faces Delaware
Content: 

Heading: In Season's Final Contest
Content: *4

Heading: Focus: The D raft
Content: By DAN MARTIN Features Editor's Note: The following is the last in a series
    digested from the BUCKNELL ENGINEER, March, 1970, Volume 21, Number 3. It is
    based on an article in the publication by Joseph W. Rogers, assistant
    professor of electrical engineering, entitled " A Short Look at the
    Selective Service."  This series is meant to enlighten its readers on the
    MUitary Selective Service Act and the draft and, this week, methods of
    appeal are examined by Robert Dan Martin. * * * The MUitary Selective
    Service Act provides some methods of appeal. For example, Regulation 1624.1
    (a) states that every regis trant whose classification has been determined
    by the local board has an opportunity to appear before members of the local
    board designated for the purpose of appealing. Such a registrant need only
    to fUe a written request within 30 days after the local board has- mailed
    him a Notice of Classification (SSS Form 110). Another regulation, however,
    restricts this right of appeal by establishing that " no person other than a
    registrant shaU have the right to appear in person before the local board,
    but the local hom'd may, at its discretion, permit any person to appear
    before it with or on behalf of a registrant."  Certainly, to appear before a
    mem ber (or members of the board is a provision of the regulations and not a
    privUege granted by an altrustic board, The fact that the members receive no
    monetary compensation for their appeal-work may make hesitancy slightly
    understandable. One technical result of requesting a personal appearance is
    that it holds off any inluction order which might otherwise be re ceived.
    Three Possible Courses If a personal appearance is not successful, three
    possible courses of action are open. One may do nothing, and accept the
    classification with which one is not satisfied; one may appeal to the appeal
    board; or one may uncover certain information which wiU enable the board to
    grant reclassification. Regulation 1625.2 indicates that the local board may
    consider anew the classification of a registrant (a) upon the written
    request of the registrant, the government appeal agent, any dependent of the
    registrant, or any person who has, on fUe, a written request for the
    registrant's current deferment in a case involving occupa tional deferment
    (if such a request is accompanied by newly found facts that would affect the
    registrant's classification); or (b) upon its own motion for similar
    reasons. The local board is directed not to reopen a registrant's class
    ification once an induction order is maUed, unless his status has been
    affected by something over which he has no control. If the board does reopen
    the classification, it must consider the new information and all the
    relevant information which was presented previously. In this case, its
    actions would be the same as if it were determining classification for the
    first time. Exen if the local board denies a registrant the classification
    for which he feels he is eligible, he may stUl appeal to the state appeal
    board. Such an appeal should be sent to the registrant's local board, which
    must forward it to the appropriate appeal board. The appeal stays an
    induction order in the same way that the personal appearance does, and the
    decision of the appeal board is final, except when an appeal to' the
    Presidential Appeal Board is granted. . If the appeal board's decision is
    unanimous, the case is closed, except for some action that might be taken by
    the State or National Director of Selective Service. If one or more members
    of the appeal board dissent, the people listed above in Regulation 1625.2
    may appeal to the Presi dent in the same manner as they appealed to the
    appeal board. The appeals outlined above are the legitimate rights or a reg
    istrant, provided he satisfies the conditions. Although he may have
    absolutely no grounds for requesting a lower classification, he may stUl
    exercise his right and may stave off an induction order as long as six
    months, in which time his status may change and he may become eligible for a
    lower classification. If a registrant's classification has been determined
    to he I-A and he feels that he is eligible for a lower classification, he
    may obtain a complete judicial review by refusing induction when so ordered.
    . ,, ,, Of course, this entails committing a felony and the penalty may be
    up to five years' imprisionment and or 10,000 dollars fine. To point this
    out, the Guardian reports (Dec. 20, 1969) that Assistant Attorney General
    Wilson stated that 1,839 men were prosecuted during the first six months of
    1969 for selective service violations resulting in 915 convictions. * * This
    series has attempted to reveal some of the " secrets"  of the Selective
    Service System. Since many facets of the draft could not be included in such
    an article, the following publications are strongly recommended for further
    information: Tatum, Arlo and Joseph Tuchinsky, Guide to the Draft, Beacon
    Press, 1969. Handbook lor Conscientious Objectors, Central Committee for
    Conscientious Objectars, 2016 Walnut St. Philadelphia, Pa. 19103. ,,  u ,
    Ginger, Ann Fagan, ed., The 1967 Draft Law, National Lawyers GuUd, Box 673,
    Berkley, Calif., 94701 (this book costs ten doUars). ... _ Selective Service
    Law Reporter, PubUc Law Education Institute, Dupont Circle BuUding, Suite
    620, 1346 Connecticut Ave., N.W., Washington, D.C. 20036. Greg Doviak
    unleashes a pass in a recent B^son contMt with John Klenovic doing the
    blocking. Doviak has s<<<<" action on both sides of the line this season as
    QB and defensive safety. Saturday's game with Delaware will be Greg's last
    in a Bison uniform. By JIM NORTHRIDGE The Bison's record now stands at 4-5.
    At the beginning of the season many polls were predicting that the
    Thundering Herd would wind up with a 1-8 record. But is it possible to
    measure a successful season in terms of wins and losses? Head coach Fred
    Pren- der stated that he was " pleased with the success of the team's mem
    bers." The Big Blue put together a fine team effort all year. But the team
    is made up of individuals. Senior co-captain Don Giacomelli has been a
    workhorse aU year for this year on the line were George Clayton, Tarras
    Onishenko, Bob Rohrbaugh and John Klenovic. In the defensive secondary, the
    stellar performances of Gene Luc- carrelli from his free safety slot wiU
    place his name in the BU record books. The steady play of Tony Lucadamo and
    John Ondrasik settled the outcome of many ball- games whUe senior Greg
    Doviak demonstrated the strong team spirit by learning a new position
    halfway through the season and filling in to do a creditable job. Providing
    the spark throughout the season especially on big third down plays was the
    fantastic clutch receiving of Paul GUewicz and Jay Griffin. Speedy Paul, the
    team's leading receiver after a big game agaipst Lehigh, has caught 34 pass
    es for 318 yards whUe tall Jay has grabbed 32 for a long 396 yard gain. The
    Bisons have developed a strength from playing with each other. Losses and
    key injuries are always a demoralizing factor but this year's team has
    consistently bounced back and played good baU. This week the Bisons invade
    the nest of the Blue Hens of Delaware. Delaware possesses a 7-2 record. They
    were upset by Lehigh 36-12 two weeks ago but the Hens bounced back to
    traunce Boston U last weekend and are eagerly await- It's been action like
    this on the part of the Bison defense that scuttled manyopponents' hopes of
    being able to run over the Herd. Wrapping PS the ball carrier at the line of
    scrimmage are Brian Rossi (44), C- B. Mansfield (66) and John Ondrasik.
    Moving in on the play are Doug Nan- man (74) and Joe DiOrio (58). All
    football photographs by Bob Arnold the Bisons. Last week, against Le high, "
    Jocko" did a superb job of blocking from his halfback slot in the Power I
    formation. Junior Howard Burke has de veloped rapidly this season at quar
    terback since his sparkling debut in the Baldwin-Wallace game. He gives the
    Big Blue a more potent option play when his running ability is coupled with
    his passing prowess . Burke has completed 81 passes for 852 yards and is the
    team's second leading rucher. To say that BU developed a run ning attack as
    the season progress ed is an understatement. The team's rushing leader, Rick
    Diez, has added a powerful dimension to the Herd's offense. The sophomore
    full- _________ * i ' i 'TKIffii QB Howie Burke hands off to Rich Diez who
    has become the main feature of th eT iL n  running attack. Rich runs to the
    tune of 5.0 yards each time he carries the ball. Mitch Farbstein strolls
    through a monsterous hole in the Bison front wall. Mitch has shown the
    strength and power to pick up necessary first down yardage. Howie Burke has
    been the biggest surprise of the 1970 season. He has shown the ability to
    move the team with an effective running game as weU as mixing in a potent
    passing attack.

Heading: I
Content: Paul GUewicz, normaUy a offensive end has play<<* extensively fa^the Bison
    secondary this year. Paul is blessed with blinding speed and in the play
    above puts it to good use covering a receiver. back has five touchdowns to
    his credit while churning for 609 yards with a 5.0 average gain. Coach
    Prender believes that, " Diez has been the biggest plus for us aU season."
    Injuries play a key part in de termining a won-lost record. The Bison line
    was to be the team's strong point this year. Co-captain Gene DePew at left
    tackle anchored a defensive line that proved to be extremely aggressive,
    often against much larger opponents. Other outstanding contributors ing the
    Big Blue. Delaware was recently ranked second in the Eastern small college
    poll, are contenders for the Lam bert Cup, and are working towards a
    Boardwalk Bowl bid. The name of the game as far as Delaware is concerned is
    " run." The Blue Hens are averaging 385 yards a game rushing with an av
    erage carry by their backs of 5.9 yards! Their top four backs have amass ed
    over 3500 yards on the ground this season with the yardage split evenly
    among them. But head coach Fred Prender feels that his squad is looking for
    ward to playing Delaware. The win against Lehigh has raised the team morale
    a thousand percent and with a chance to down the mighty Blue Hens the Bisons
    are hungry.

Heading: ###############nil
Content: 

Heading: 400
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of living . . . . .  You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: ask for your froo copy of RAGS magazine
Content: 

Heading: .........
Content: 

Heading: Let's Get It Straight
Content: 

Heading: WHO'S TO BLAME?
Content: 

Heading: Q
Content: uestion : If God created everything, isn't He really re sponsible for evil being
    in the world? This troubles me.

Heading: A
Content: nswer : This question has troubled many sincere Chris tians, and is also one of
    the stock objections of unbelievers. It's no answer to say that the problem
    of the origin of evil is beyond us. And to say that God could have created
    man incapable of sin presents insurmountable difficulties. As we study the
    Bible, we begin to see that the origin of both good and evil in this world
    lie only in man's pow er of choice. Until a person is faced with a choice of
    two courses, and voluntarily re jects the wrong course; he has never done
    good. Or un til he voluntarily rejects the right course, he has never
    committed sin. So it was with Satan, no doubt; so it was with Adam and Eve;
    and so it is with us. Now for God to have pre vented evil at the cost of pre
    venting good in man would have been an absurdity. It would be like doing
    away without a will of his own, is a contradiction of terms. He is no man
    but a puppet, whose actions have no virtue because they are controlled by a
    higher power. Jesus Christ, who as God became man, had to undergo temptation
    just as we do. " He resisted unto blood struggling against sin."  _ By man's
    choice, sin came into the world. By Christ's choice, victory over that sin
    also came into the world. In God's plan, good will eventually tri umph over
    evil, even as it is doing in individual lives to day. You can make the
    choice would De lixe uumg awaj " "J- --~  ---- . with the sun in order to
    get to share m that victory by re rid of the shadows. A  man ceiving Christ
    into your heart incapable of choice, a man | by faith. For free booklet, " W
    ho

Heading: C
Content: reated

Heading: E
Content: vil ?" write to B O X  327, RIDGEFIELD, N. J. 07657, DepL BU NOVEMBER 20, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SEVEN
Content: #BH pBpappiflPIIH M piHI

Heading: y
Content: 

Heading: Harmon* s
Content: 

Heading: Forecast
Content: 

Heading: Bisons Compete in IC4A's
Content: 

Heading: And Enter M AC Tourney
Content: That rrreally rrreally big foot- ball Saturday has arrived. However, instead of
    one rrreally big shew, there are at least three big shews. The two
    undefeated powers of the Big Ten, 4 th-ranked Michigan and 5 th-ranked Ohio
    State, meet in Columbus for the conference champ ionship. !Notre Dame, rated
    third tms week, faces another challenge as it hosts 8th-ranked L.S.U. And in
    the Big 8 Conference, with the title on the Une, Nebraska, the nation's new
    Number Two team tangles with Oklahoma. The Buckeyes say it won't happen
    again, referring to last years up set loss to the Wolverines. Michigan is
    just as determined to make it two in a row. And, in spite of Ohio State's
    home field advantage and possibly the stronger motive for winning - revenge
    (which can some times back-fire), we'll pick Michi gan to win the big one by
    6 points. When the Mighty Irish kick off to the Mighty Tigers in South Bend,
    it'll be the first gridiron meeting in history between the two schools.
    Neither, however, plan any getting- acquainted niceties. Notre Dame should
    prove its higher ranking, winning by 5. The fur flies thick and heavy
    whenever the Cornhuskers face the Sooners. Regardless of the rankings,
    Nebraska will get a stiff test from Oklahoma. The Cornhuskers, dream-
    dreaming of oranges and an undis puted Big 8 title, should clip the Sooners
    by 21 points. A rivalry that sometimes defies all past records is the annual
    Ten- nessee-Kentucky fracas. Tennessee is 6th . . Kentuckey is ornery. If
    the Wildcat's don't get too out-of sorts, the Volunteers will win by 22.
    Stanford can wrap up the Pacific Eight title all by its lonesome with a
    disposal of California. The In dians, rated 10th this week, will bundle up
    the Bears and the title winning by 12 points. Rated just in or just out of
    our Top 20 all fall, the Red Raiders of Texas Tech will be at home against
    7th-rated Arkansas. The R.R. of T.T. have been beaten only twice, and their
    raiding weapons are aim ed to knock off the once-beaten Razorbacks. However,
    Arkansas should survive by 19 points. Undefeated Arizona State, in our top
    ten for the first time this year- #9, will stop New Mexico by 13 points.
    Washington (wow!), #15, will do a little bombing of Washing ton State . . by
    37 points. And finaUy, we're picking Colo rado to upset the 12 th-ranked Air
    Force by just a point. By ALAN GROCHAL Running it the IC4A cross country
    meet for the first time, the Herd finished in the top ten in freshman
    competition, but failed to place in the upper class meet. Five finishers are
    needed for a school to get points, and the Bisons had only four finishers on
    the var sity level. Individually, Tom Hagerty turned in the best B.U. time
    in the 5 mile varsity race, with a fine 27:47 ef fort. John Lamer, Rich
    Francel, and Rich Bullick were the other Bison finishers. Bullick's 5 mile
    feat was of great personal satisfaction be cause he is usually a sprinter.
    On the freshman level there were two m ajor bright spots. Scott Bart- ram
    finished 21st with a 16:10 time in the 3 mile race and Bob Lucas came in
    26th at 16:25. Tom Gardner, Conrad Vandegaer and Dave Gilroy placed in the
    70's to earn the Herd a position in the top ten out of 35 entering schools.
    " For the most part, I'm  pleased with our performance,"  commented Coach
    Arthur Gulden. " We would have run better if we

Heading: Jay Griffin Carries High Hopes
Content: 

Heading: Into Contest with Delaware
Content: By DAVE COULTER As the 1970 football season closes the records show that the
    Bisons have baffled those who predicted a 0-9-1 season for the Herd. Even
    though the squad has been plagued by a long list of injuries, which have
    staggered their hopes and placed the burden on their de termination rather
    than their ex perience, the Blue team has snatched victory from defeat and
    brightened the picture of BU foot ball this year and in the future. One of
    the Bisons who will be re turning next year to man the power ful Bison
    offense is Jay Griffin. Jay began playing football as a senior in high
    school after he tried of the monotonous rigors of cross country. Originally
    a defensive safety and later a BU frosh comer- back, he is presently snaring
    passes as an offensive end. Jay notes that the strong running game which the
    Bisons have gen erated has really " opened up the whole offense, and helped
    me run the patterns. As a tight end lately, I have been given more of an op
    portunity to catch the ball rather than blocking. When you have a balance
    between running and pass ing it makes them both go better.

Heading: KS Tankmen Prevail
Content: 200 Yard Medley Relay 3

Heading: TKE
Content: DU (Deland, MacArthur, 4

Heading: PKP
Content: Traver, Capron) ............. 1:50.0 5

Heading: LCA
Content: 50 Yard Freestyle 6

Heading: B
Content: Kissling--KS .................... :23.9

Heading: IND
Content: 50 Yard Backstroke Sharpe--KS ................ :30.1 50 Yard Breaststroke

Heading: c ..
Content: Down--PKP .................... :30.3

Heading: E
Content: .. 50 Yard Butterfly 10

Heading: SPE
Content: Livengood--KS .............. :26.0 11

Heading: SAE
Content: 100 Yard Individual Medley 12

Heading: KDR
Content: 1 : 01.1 Capron--DU .............. 200 Yard Freestyle Relay KS (Raven, Sharpe,
    Fifield, Kissling ............. 1:36.8 It's really hard to stop, especially
    with a scrambling quarterback to keep them honest." Looking back over the
    season Jay feels the Herd had a  success ful year"  in that they did suprise
    all the 'experts' but he expresses " disappointment"  in knowing that " we
    should have won three of the games we lost." He enthusiastically believes,
    that, " If we can beat Delaware it will all be worth it." The erratic nature
    of the Bisons has been a big concern to the end, he feels " We have the
    talent and the depth, it's just putting it to gether." Jay assesses the new
    Bison sche dule an an improvement, because it provides an opportunity for
    the Herd to compare itself with dif ferent teams in various conferences. The
    extra travel is especially en joyable to Jay. He desires to work his way to
    Europe or around the world on a freighter. He wants to see the rest of the
    world before he sets his mind on a career or a di rection for the rest of
    his life. Serving as an LUR to ABS is one of the " different things"  which
    Jay enjoys doing on campus. He feels that this University does not over
    emphasize sports and thus allows time for outside activities. He also
    believes that this real-

Heading: Track
Content: Notice: INDOOR TRACK--Those interested in competing in indoor track see Coach
    Gulden on Mon. or Tues. before the Thanksgiving va cation in his office or
    at practice at 4 p.m. Practice will be held either at the soccer field or in
    the stadium. If interested but unable to attend, please leave a note on
    Coach Gul den's desk.

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE DELIVERY
Content: ization that " sports are not every thing"  is perhaps the cause of BU's
    apparent apathetic fan support. Jay also reasons that there is a two-way
    interaction between the success of the team and the en thusiasm of the fans.
    The Delaware game, though, is the one that counts now, and Jay expressed
    hope that " the Lehigh game last week will inspire the fans to come down to
    Delaware and sup port the team."  For this game will not only be the end of
    the 1970 season, but will signify the beginn ing. of the '71 season for Jay
    Grif fin and the Bisons. had been on the course before. The course on which
    the meet was run. is one of the most prestigious, but it is also sandy,
    making the footing difficult." This afternoon the harriers will run in the
    MAC league meet. The four top finishers in the IC4A, Le high, Lafayette,
    West Chester State, and St. Josephs, are also in this meet so the
    competition will be just 8S stiff. The MAC meet is divided into varsity and
    junior varsity levels. Coach Gulden noted that som e freshmen will run for
    the varsity. Next Wednesday at Penn State, three harriers will run in the
    United States Track and Field Federation Meet. Only the trackmen who live
    close to Penn State are going due to the Thanksgiving recess. " TOs 6 mile
    meet should be a great experience to those who run. The best runners in the
    country will be there and the only way you can beat the best is to run
    against them,"  commented Coach Gulden.

Heading: The Top
Content: 

Heading: Twenty
Content: 

Heading: Harmon's
Content: 

Heading: Choices
Content: Arkansas 26 Texas Tech 7 Citadel 21 Davidson 13 Colorado 24 Air Force 23
    Columbia , 20 Brown 15 Connecticut 17 Holy Cross 6 Houston 27 Wake Forest 16
    Michigan 23 Ohio State 17 Minnesota 24 Wisconsin 21 Nebraska 38 Oklahoma 17
    Northwestern 21 Michigan State 16 Notre Dame 22 L.S.U. 17 Penn State 30
    Pittsburrgh 13 Princeton 21 Cornell 17 Purdue 24 Indiana 7 Rutgers 24
    Colgate 20 San Diego St. 35 Long Beach 20 S. California 33 U.C.L.. 24 S.M.U.
    15 Baylor 14 Stanford 26 California 14 Syracuse 23 Miami, Fla. 13 Tennessee
    34 Kentucky 12 Villano va 29 West Chester 15 Washington 44 Washington St . 7
    West Texas 19 S Mississippi 14 Yale 23 Harvard 14 Central Conn. 22 S.
    Connecticut; 7 Delaware 28 Bucknell 7 Fayetteville 20 Cheyney State 6
    Lebanon Val. 15 Penn Military 14 Lehigh 24 Lafayette 22 Moravian 20
    Muhlenberg 10 Northeastern 17 Bridgeport 13 Swarlhmore 23 Haverford 16
    Wagner 22 Valparaiso 14 W. Maryland 25 Johns Hopkins 13

Heading: 'Band' Concert Highlights
Content: 

Heading: Individual Performances
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII --  NO. 22
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 24. 1970
Content: 1-- Texas 2-- Nebraska 3-- Notre Dame 4-- Michigan 5-- Ohio State 6-- Tennessee
    7 -- Arkansas 8-- L.S.U. 9-- Arizona State 10 -- Stanford 11 -- Mississippi
    12-- Air Force 13-- Auburn 14-- Alabama 15-- Washington 16-- Georgia Tech 17
    -- Southern Cal 18-- Northwestern 19-- Dartmouth 20-- San Diego St. &
    Georgia

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 524-0744
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: 

Heading: IM OVERALL POINT TOTALS
Content: 1 KS .............. ............. 194-5 2 DU .................................
    185.0 nmiuiaiiumimaiRminmmiHtnniiunMmmmi

Heading: Think About It
Content: 

Heading: PACIFICA
Content: 

Heading: Sunday
Content: 

Heading: 2:30-- 5:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: W V B U - F M
Content: 

Heading: 90.5
Content: 

Heading: The Intelligent Alternative
Content: ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe, Legal (N.Y.) and Inexpen sive. Please call
    Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All in quiries confidential.

Heading: COIN
Content: & STAMP SHOP We buy U.S. silver coins. Highest prices paid. We also buy stamps,
    U.S. and foreign coins. 35 Broadway, Milton.

Heading: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri.-Sat. - - - 9:00 - 1:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sunday - - - - 7:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O P E N
Content: 

Heading: ..........
Content: 

Heading: Tue. - Thur. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. - Sat. - 11 am. - 1:30 am.
Content: 

Heading: Sun. - Mon. - 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: # hiii M il iiiniiuiniu

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: NOV. 20, 1970

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for Christmas, Easter or summer?
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities, economic flights, discounts.
Content: 

Heading: Write for information (air mail).
Content: 

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street, Newport. I.W ., England
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY-- SATURDAY
Content: ------ WHATS PLAYING? ------

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: NOVEMBER 20-- 21
Content: 

Heading: .WINNER OFACADEMYAWARPSI
Content: 

Heading: . METRO-GCXDWYN-MAYER
Content: 

Heading: ACAFttO P0NI1 PRODUCTION
Content: 

Heading: DAVID LEAN'S FILM
Content: 

Heading: OF BORIS PASTERNAKS
Content: 

Heading: D O C T O R
Content: 

Heading: Z H R A G O
Content: IN PANAVISION* AND METROCOLOR

Heading: One
Content: 

Heading: Evening Performance at 7:45
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY-MONDAY-TUESDAY
Content: 

Heading: NOV. 22-23-24
Content: 

Heading: AE
Content: 

Heading: SS
Content: THE MlRlSCH CORPORATION PRESENTS

Heading: J U L IE  A N D R E W S
Content: 

Heading: m a x v o n s y d o w
Content: I GEORGE ROY HILL-WAITER MlRlSCH PRODUCTION of JAMES A  MICHENERS

Heading: " H A W
Content: 

Heading: A I I "
Content: PANAVISION'  COLOR by DeLuxe ( By JIM BAER Sigh'- Slipping in unnoticed I knew
    immediately it was going to be a worth while concert. It got better. The
    crowd filtered in a fan-shaped wave from the back of the gym. The costuming
    was earthy--browns, blues, greens mostly with lots of leather and boots--
    simple designs on the whole with the piogant end of the spectrum represented
    by floor-length peasant dress es in gingham patterns and the lowly end
    represented by tee-shirts and jeans appropriately faded and worn. They have
    finally discovered the casual workaday (carefully select ed) country garb. A
    few engineer caps, a Belmondo affair, a cowboy hat (neo-realism for this
    crowd), and patterned handkerchief-rolled headbands adding the " look-at-me"
    individual touches. Despite a few holdovers from the " Beautiful day
    Debacle"  the crowd was generally well-behaved for a change. The Band, being
    among those rare professionals able to perform well under most various
    (good, bad, indifferent) xibes suc ceeded in awing the disbelievers in to
    keeping quiet or at least polite. Andy Meyer's plea for non-smok ing,
    however, went unheeded and the gym was soon thick with smoky haze--oh well,
    in this day and aid- ge! At least we were spared some soul offering The Band
    some avoid-

Heading: jssuckndlian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: January Plan Registration
Content: 

Heading: Increases From 1969 Total
Content: " The Band" , as they appeared in concert Sunday night before a capacity crowd
    in Davis Gym. (photo by Doug Abdelnour) ing an embarassing faux-pax situ
    ation. The cries of " play this" fol lowed by a chorus of shut-ups rou tine
    was cute the first time, trite the second, and rude the third.

Heading: THE BAND
Content: The Band was really there, up on stage, looking like Harvard stu dents taking a
    vacation this fall to (Continued on Page 3) By BILL WHITNEY Dr. John W.
    Tilton, January Pro gram Director and Associate Pro fessor of English,
    recently an nounced that preliminary registra tion figures for the 1971
    JanPlan show a slight increase in student participation over last year.
    However, Dr. Tilton noted that due to an overall rise in the number of
    students on campus, he doubts that the percentage of student par ticipation
    will increase. Approximately twenty-five per cent of Bucknell studente were
    in volved in a Jan Plan last year. Dr. Tilton expressed that if there is not
    a late surge in registration, the 1971 program will be no bigger than last
    year. He felt that the percentage was " surprising and disappointing,"  and
    stated that, " I want to be optiznis- tic, but I can't see grounds for it
    yet." Dr. Tilton stressed that registra- tion is hy no means closed and that
    there is ample time to register for both individual and group January
    Programs. The University's January Pro gram was instituted by the faculty in
    1970 as a four year experiment. In the spring of 1973, after the fourth
    January, the faculty will vote as to the continuation of the pro gram.
    Commenting on the present regis tration figure s, Dr. Tilton said, " It is
    still too early to prophesize, but it is not a good sign for the con
    tinuation of the program if par ticipation remains at the level of the
    past." Dr. Tilton feels the success of the experiment " will take on every
    one's part that extra push, par ticularly towards planning a struc tured
    educational experience. That extra push is to get it registered as a
    project." Approximately sixty per cent of the faculty participated in 1970
    and

Heading: Action Taken by Senior Members
Content: 

Heading: Cushman 'Fired' by History Department
Content: have indicated they will do so this year. This bears out the assump tion that
    any student who wishes to do something in January will be able to find a
    faculty sponsor. " I still remain convinced that Bucknell's Jan Plan is the
    most ex perimental and liberal in the coun try, and remains one of the
    greatest chances for faculty and students

Heading: to
Content: demonstrate a meaningful contri bution,"  said Dr. Tilton. He feels that, "
    Bucknell offers the month as a chance to get in volved in an experience, so
    the in herent value is what the student himself gets out of it." Dr. Tilton
    feels that a major ad vantage of the Jan Plan structure is that a student
    can concentrate on a project and still have time left over for other
    activities. The dis tractions of the regular semester are gone. He noted
    that an ABS January Activities Committee under Len Clayten will schedule a
    series of events for Jan Plan participants. All facilities will be open and
    avail able, and students will be allowed on campus even if they are not
    officially registered in a January Program. By ERIC RIESS Mortimor W.
    Cushman, assistant professor of history here, was told last week that the
    department of history would not recommend that his contract be renewed for
    the 1971-72 school year. The recommendation to Provost Wendell I. Smith,
    came after the

Heading: Psychology Prof and Students
Content: 

Heading: Write Squirrel Monkey Paper
Content: Two juniors, John A. Gardner, and Jay R. Poliner, are co-authors with Dr.
    Douglas K. Candland, pro fessor of psychology, of a paper de livered by
    Professor Candland at the annual meeting of the Psy- chonomic Society in San
    Antonio, Texas, November 6. Entitled " Correlates of Heartrate and Behavior
    in the Suqlirrel Mon key,"  the paper is a product of ex it

Heading: Middle East Expert
Content: 

Heading: Gives Guest Lecture
Content: Dr. Alvin J. Cottrell, Director of Research, Center for Strategic and
    International Studies, Georgetown Unixersity, will be the first Mili tary
    Science guest speaker for Ac ademic Year 1970-71. Dr. Cottrell will address
    the ROTC cadets and interested members of the University community at 12:45
    p.m. December 3 in Vaughan Lit erature Auditorium. He is a noted expert on
    Middle 4 East affairs. His topic will be the " Power Game in the Middle
    East." Dr. Cottrell received his MA and PhD from the University of Pennsyl
    vania and is a 1964 graduate of the National War College. During World War H
    he was awarded the Bronze Star for serv ice with the U.S. Army. He is the
    author of many books and articles on the Middle East and has recently
    returned from Tehran, the Persian Gulf and Beirut, Leb anon. tensive
    measurements taken on the colony of squirrel monkeys main tained by the
    University's Depart ment of Psychology. The paper is a report of a long
    range project, sponsored by a grant from the National Science Founda tion,
    concerned with endocrine changes in the formation of animal societies.
    Gardner's and Poliner's work on the paper specifically involved pre paring
    and running various com puter programs used to analyze the data from a full
    year measurement of behavior heartrate. In the paper, Dr. Candland, who is
    chairman of the department of psychology, shows how heartrate can be
    measured by placing small FM transmitters on the animals, how the heartrate
    is converted for computer storage, and how heart- rate changes dramatically
    when the social organization of an established colony of primates is
    changed. The paper shows that some forms of socilization, like overcrowding,
    pro duce profound changes in the en docrine system which effect ag gression
    and longevity among the animals.

Heading: Publication Dates
Content: THE BUCKNELLIAN will only publish one issue the week alter Thanksgiving. Because
    ol the holiday the Tuesday issue will be deleted and one issue will be
    published Thursday. senior members of the department met the week before.
    Richard Drinnon, professor of history and head of that depart ment, said
    that the committee ac tion was based on three points. #Drinnon said that
    Cushman's the sis to obtain his docterate in his tory from the University of
    Mary land was not " history,"  that Cush man was not working well with the
    other members of the depart ment and that he (Drinnon) had re ceived several
    coplaints from stu dents about Cushman. The senior members of the de
    partment include, John D. Kirk land associate professor of history, Mark D.
    Neuman, also an associate professor and Drinnon. Cushman will take his oral
    exam for his Ph.d. in early December. He has been teaching here since 1967.
    In an interview with The Buck- nellian, Cushman said he is unde cided about
    what action he will take to try and reverse the decision. Cushman could
    submit the case to the faculty committee on academic freedom and tenure. In
    response to the charges Cush man admitted that his thesis is not history in
    the classical sense. He said, " It has chapters on philosophy religion and
    other fields which are not 'history' but that doesn't mean that it can't be
    history. My thesis represents a change which I feel American historians must
    make. They must begin to see history through the eyes of the people who
    lived and wrote during a specific period. History is more than just facts."
    About the student complaints Cushman commented, 'I know that some students
    like the way I teach and others hate my method and me. But I would rather
    have it that way. (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: !8111
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: g l P i i i i
Content: Dr. Tilton, director of the January Program, is " surprised and disap pointed"
    about the per cent of stu dent participation for this January.

Heading: Sponsored by Friends Society
Content: 

Heading: Draft Counseling Seminar Held
Content: By ED MARSTON A draft counseling training ses sion was held Saturday, November
    14, sponsored by the Lewisburg American Friends Society, a Quaker group.
    Allen Gibus, a draft counselor from the Central Committee of Con scientious
    Objection in Philadelphia, lead the five-hour session. About 30 persons
    attended the meeting, including Thomas J. Risch Dean of Men and John C.
    Pyper assistant Dean of College of Arts and Sciences, University Chaplin
    James E. Gardner, and James D. Hammerlee, Director of Student Programs. Also
    in attendance were faculty and students from this University, Lycoming
    College, Susquehanna University, and Lewisburg and Sel- insgrove High
    Schools. However, disappointment was expressed that no local ministers chose
    to par ticipate. Gibus emphasized the complex ities of the draft, due
    largely to changes in the law caused by the lottery system, the appointment
    of a new Director of the Selective Service, and recent court cases. It was
    pointed out that the Se lective Service, and recent court cases. It was
    pointed out that the Selec tive Service System is administer ed by over 4000
    local boards, often staffed by part-time employees who are not well
    acquainted with the draft laws. In an interview with The Buck- nellian, Dr.
    Gene Chenoweth, who helped arrange the training session, said that this
    meant that " you often have to educate your board."  Most local boards are
    more ignorant than punitive, he said. The importance of communication with
    the local board was discussed at the training session, including the
    importance of keeping personal copies of all requests and appeals made to
    the board. Gibus emphasized that the pur pose of the draft counselor is not
    to tell the individual what to do, but rather with sensitivity and a
    knowledge of the law to help him know himself and make his own decisions
    about the draft. This is frequently difficult for the indi vidual pressured
    by family, com munity, and the demands of the law. One of the day's
    activities which dramatize the counseling of an in dividual under cross-
    pressures was roleplaying lead by Gibus and Dr. J. Ernest Keen of the
    Psychology department. Also discussed at the sesson was the need to provide
    draft informa- tios to the poor and to blacks, who are often deprived of
    counseling available to middle-class whites. Jack Schmidt, one student who
    at tended the session, later said he would favor the est ablishment ol a
    formal organization for draft counseling possibly as part of the Student
    Information Service. fSBE , jfc . MMMMHMMMMRMMna

Heading: Vietnam Peace Gimmick
Content: 

Heading: The President of the National Stu
Content: 

Heading: dent Association has announctd plans to
Content: 

Heading: visit with the Saigon Student Union and
Content: 

Heading: to draw up a "peace treaty" since our
Content: 

Heading: governments can't seem to come to an
Content: 

Heading: agreement.
Content: 

Heading: This is a fine gimmick, which would
Content: 

Heading: have no significance except that the edi
Content: 

Heading: torial board can now use that gimmick
Content: 

Heading: as a gimmick to let us talk about the
Content: 

Heading: War in Vietnam.
Content: 

Heading: But, why is a gimmick necessary to
Content: 

Heading: talk about the War in Vietnam.
Content: 

Heading: But, why is a gimmick necessary to
Content: 

Heading: talk about Vietnam. And a gimmick is
Content: 

Heading: necessary, for we would seem foolish
Content: 

Heading: listing the arguments against the War
Content: 

Heading: just one more time.
Content: 

Heading: We need a gimmick because Presi
Content: 

Heading: dent Nixon has succeeded in making
Content: 

Heading: the War a bore. The War has become
Content: 

Heading: banal, trivial. It doesn't stand out in our
Content: 

Heading: minds any more since we have been liv
Content: 

Heading: ing with it for so long. We have become
Content: 

Heading: like the husband who doesn't notice his
Content: 

Heading: wife until she gets a new hairdo. Soon we
Content: 

Heading: can expect to hear arguments to prolong
Content: 

Heading: the War as a good old American tradi
Content: 

Heading: tion.
Content: 

Heading: We need a gimmick because Ameri
Content: 

Heading: cans apparently have come to believe
Content: 

Heading: that the Vietnam Ball Game is in the bot
Content: 

Heading: tom of the ninth and we know who's go
Content: 

Heading: ing to win, so we might as well stop pay
Content: 

Heading: ing attention and beat the traffic on the
Content: 

Heading: highway. We believe that the Vietnam
Content: 

Heading: War is winding itself down, and we need
Content: 

Heading: do nothing and it wil isoon be over. But
Content: 

Heading: perhaps we need to take a good look at
Content: 

Heading: Nixon's plans, and begin to wonder how
Content: 

Heading: long American "occupation" advisors
Content: 

Heading: will be in Vietnam, and at how perma
Content: 

Heading: nent a solution can be without looking
Content: 

Heading: hard at the roots of the Vietnam War.
Content: 

Heading: It's a gimmick world, but it is also--
Content: 

Heading: perhaps unfortunately--a real world.
Content: 

Heading: Bill's Violence
Content: To the Editor: You stated in your lead editorial in the November 17th
    Bucknelllan that "William Kunstler is a man of commitment (true) --
    commitment to bringing radical change to this nation (true) while attempting
    to avoid violence (false)." There is a saying that you can know a man by the
    friends he keeps and the words he has for his friends, and it is in this
    frame of reference that I would like to brief ly quote what this man says to
    those that he considers to be his ideological friends. In a speech given
    before the United Front Against Facism (a Black Panther front) in July of
    1969 and subsequently reprinted in its entirety in the newspaper, the Black
    Panther, (July 26th issue) William Kunstler demonstrated his true beliefs
    vis a vis the law when he described graphically the stomp ing to death of
    John Gleason, a po liceman in Plainfield, New Jersey. This policeman shot a
    Black man in the stomach who had attacked him with a hammer and, to quote
    directly Mr. Kunstler--"He (Glea son) was followed by a crowd of black men
    and women. And a block and a half past the intersection, he was stomped to
    death. In my opin ion, he deserved that death . .. The crowd, justifiably,
    without the ne cessity of a trial and in the most dramatic way, possible,
    stomped him to death." Kunstler in this speech, which is devoted in its
    entirety to this inci dent, without question is condon ing lynch law. The
    quotation sighted above is not taken out of context because the context of
    the entire speech concerns what is evidently his concept of 'justice.' And
    this is only one example of many that may be sighted to demonstrate William
    Kunstler's true beliefs. The New York Times in an in terview qquotes
    Kunstler thusly: "I have every right to tell the stu dents to take out their
    lighters and go down and bum up the bank, be cause my intent is to
    communicate a thought, which WILL LEAD TO AN ACTION. That's what the 1st
    Amendment is all about." To under score this fact that Kunstler evi dently
    DOES JUSTIFY arson, I refer you to the Playboy Magazine interview in the
    October 1970 issue in which Kunstler stated: "Another form resistance could
    take would be the burning down of a particular college building at a safe
    time. . ." The Playboy interviewer responded with "You condone arson? and
    Kunstler stated in reply--"Yes, if a point has been reached in a giv en
    situation where the mechanisms of society are not responding to serious
    grievances. It depends on the situation." It is evident, therefore, from the
    above, that Mr. Kunstler must con done both murder and arson if they are
    perpetrated on those people or institutions he disagrees with. And, to
    underline this last point, one needs only look as far as an interview Mr.
    Kunstler had with Victor S. Navasky of the New York Times in which he
    stated: "I only defend those whose goals I share. I'm not a lawyer for hire.
    I only defend those I love." And one of his most noted clients is Jerry Rub
    in, whose goals he must share by his own definition. And Jerry Rubin, as
    quoted by the Akron, Ohio Beacon Journal said before a crowd of Kent State
    students two weeks before the Kent State tragedy: "The first part of

Heading: :THE SIDESHOW1
Content: 

Heading: Suburban Goes Camping
Content: -B y  DAVID WEINBERGER;

Heading: TROM THE EDITOR'S DESK-
Content: 

Heading: Education
Content: By PAUL OSHER "Our struggle for a better world takes many forms, but none is
    more important than the rearing and educating of our children. We believe
    that children raised in wholeness and natural pride will not grow up to be
    slavish adults, nor agree to immoral politics and irresponsibie technology.
    "Our present system of public education, coercive in its meth ods, is a
    symptom and major cause of our unsatisfactory way of life. It ignores the
    reqquirements of normal growth, subordinates everything to centralize
    administration, and undermines the very best of our democratic ideals.
    Perhaps this system can be chang ed from within. We hope so. But one thing
    is clear: it cannot be changed without working models of a better way, both
    as examples and as a competitive spur. . . . "The function of the New Nation
    Seed Fund is to help new schools get started, and existing ones stay alive.
    We ask you to re member this fund by thinking of it on your birthday, and we
    ask you to send one dollar. If you are a parent, and do agree with us, urge
    your own children and young people to ally themselves with other children by
    sending small presents on their birthdays, 50 cents, or a quarter. We cannot
    solve large problems with these sums, but we can contribute to a large
    solution. Above all, we can keep alive one of our few working models of
    freedom. The money will be used exclusively for children. It will be
    ritefrircoH from the fund in consultation with reliable people in the field
    of education, including the sponsors listed below. Priority will be given to
    schools enrolling significant numbers of the poor." --George Dennison, Paul
    Goodman, Nat Hentoff, John Holt, Jona than Kozol. .............. .. The New
    Nation Seed Fund is at Box 4026, Philadelphia, Pa. 19118.

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLLAN
Content: NOVEMER 24, 1970 the Yippie program, you know, IS

Heading: KILL YOUR PARENTS. AND I
Content: 

Heading: MEAN THAT QUITE SERIOUSLY,
Content: 

Heading: BECAUSE UNTIL YOU'RE PRE
Content: 

Heading: PARED TO KELL YOUR PAR
Content: 

Heading: ENTS, YOU'RE NOT REALLY
Content: 

Heading: PREPARED TO CHANGE THE
Content: 

Heading: COUNTRY, BECAUSE OUR PAR
Content: 

Heading: ENTS ARE OUR FIRST OPPRES
Content: SORS." Kunstler certainly may de fend Jerry Rubin's 1st Amendment right to make
    such a statement, but to also state that he "shares" the goals of those he
    defends, when the goals are such as quoted above, is truly demonstrating
    this lawyer's perverted ideology. If the Bucknellian has the courage of ITS
    convictions, ie, the students' right to know, I would then assume the
    editors will permit the students to see Mr. Kunstler in a more com plete
    context than has been present ed up to now in the Bucknelllan. Sincerely
    yours, Stephen D. Kerbacher Graduate Student

Heading: Boycott Temple
Content: To the Editor: I am a senior at Temple Univer sity, majoring in Health, Physical
    Education and Recreation. I read your article "Boycott Phys. Ed." in our
    great newspaper "Temple News." That article might be true for Bucknell's
    physical eeducation pro gram, but it isn't true for Temple's H. P. E. R.
    program. I have the funny feeling that Bucknell is still mad at Temple when
    T beat B in a football game in 1966, by the score 89--1 (give or take a few
    points). Any response would be welcome! IF you have the nerve? David J.
    Goldstein Temple University

Heading: YAF Speaks Out
Content: To the Editor: I noted with pleasure that the November 13 issue of The Buck-
    nellian, sent to me by a YAF member in Pennsylvania, carried Wayne Thorbum's
    Right On column on "Academic Orthodoxy." In checking our subscription
    requests for the column I note that The Bucknelllan is not among them. I
    wanted to remind you that if you wish to continue receiving the col umn
    after the fourth one is mailed (Thorburn's was the second, you should
    already have received the third by Dan Joy, and I'm enclos ing an advanced
    copy of the fourth one by me), it will be necessary for you to subscribe. A
    copy of the subscription form is enclosed for your convenience. Sincerely,
    Jerry Norton Director, FCNS

Heading: More Kunstler
Content: To the Editor: We represent a group of Bucknell students now is the process of
    form ing a chapter of the Young Ameri cans for Freedom. It was we who posted
    the mimeographed copies of Mr. William Kunstler's speech to the UFAF as it
    appeared in the Black Panther. Mr. Gary Koutnik, in his letter to the editor
    last Fri day, implied that we used "illigiti- mate coercion" in doing so,
    and we (Continued on Page 3) "Congratulations! You've been chosen by our
    advertising depart ment to receive two free gifts and a discount on a
    'Funstead' in the Poconos," the letter from Indian Acres of the Poconos
    approximately said. It promised me an expensive gift for just visiting them.
    So Linda, Andy and I all went driving along Route 80 one morning. Two hours
    later we were still giggling, trying to pretend that we were going for the
    "lark," and not for the gifts. We knew I was going to be taken, but we had
    to find out how. Meanwhile, we drove past burnt- out houses I would like to
    live in, past Quik-Stop Snack Shoppes, past houses with plastic deer on
    their lawns, and through all the autumn-ness in the Poconos that degrades
    all of the human-ness. _ , Indian Acres turned out to be a green circus tent
    set in the middle of mounds of mud, with a cardboard sign out front that had
    "Office" written on it in Fast-Dri Permanent Magic Marker (49c). So we were
    all pretty amused. We could afford to be, because after all, we were not
    city slickers or country bumpkins about to be taken. A girl, about twenty
    years old, in dungarees, greeted us from behind a desk. Very nice. We
    assumed that she was laughing on the inside at the absurdity of what was
    going on around her. The tent was carpeted and had picnic tables all around
    at which sat Young Salesmen smoking cherry-blend tobacco in Dr. Grabow
    Medicated pipes worrying about how they were going to dig out their cars
    which had baby's booties bronzed and hanging from the rear-view mirror and a
    "Middletown H.S. Tigers" decal half peeled from their rear window. We went
    to the indoor Bar-Q Grill to get our free All Beef-Burger Luncheon. The
    woman working the grill, whose legs filled up her Capri Pants like water in
    balloons, whose Cherry-Red Slick Lipstick by Max Factor made her face look
    gray, looked at us and said "Oh, you're kids! I theught I was at Woodstock
    for a minute." She reminded us that even tolerant Lewisburg has only just
    learned that not everyone with long hair is a Beatle. _ . We were given a
    salesman who gave us the facts: Indian Acres consists of 690 acres of prime
    land, divided into lots 40 by 80 feet. The lots are all back to back, each
    lot is accessible by a road. Five million dollars worth of recreation lodges
    are being built, with pools, tv's, restaurants: everything necessary to
    convert a virgin forest into a re finished basement with a dart board on
    which you can play baseball in case one sport is not enough for you, and a
    Fold-A-Way Ping Pong Table. Our salesman took us on roads that looked like
    Hiroshima with a hangover to where the available lots were. Each company
    Jeep-Sportser had a radio to let the salesman know if the lot he is going to
    exhibit has been sold while he is en route. They are selling faster than
    they can build roads to get to them. Andy asked if it would take another sue
    months to get roads opera tional. "Another six months!," the salesman
    exclaimed, "Why, we only started clearing the roads four weeks ago." Four
    weeks and half of a centuries-old forest looked like a swamp making mud
    pies. We got at lots 173-4 and looked around. "Your lot would stretch from
    here to here," the salesman said, indicating an area marked by Day-Glo Lite-
    Reflecting Markers about as long as the smile leaving our faces. The forest
    he pointed to was beautiful, probably at its height of magnificence because
    we were near the center. The center is the part that's farthest away from
    25c Laundromatics and Ethan Allen Pioneer Furniture Stores. Everything
    sloped down from where we were. Before us was no longer a forest, but Indian
    Acres Funsteads, with white and chrome 30-foot Camper Convenient Car
    Trailers parked next door. Electricity and water piped in. Muzak played on
    weekdays and bird-calls on Sundays. Next door to us, a man in Dacron Bermuda
    Shorts sits in a deck chair, escaping into the newspapers, cursing because
    the bathroom is % a mile away and he'll have to drive his car at 40 MPH
    (Continued on Page 3) By ARNOLD WERNER c 1970 CPS Address letters to Dr.
    Arnold Werner, Box 974, East Lansing, Michigan 48823. QUESTION: I have an
    acutely embarrassing and nerve-wracking problem I have a very large vagina.
    It has been that way since my first sexual experience, but it seems to be
    getting larger. The more sexually aroused I am, the larger is my vagina. My
    spouse seems rather concerned about my problem, although we enjoy our sex
    life tremendously. I am getting worried that eventually it will interfere
    with our enjoyment. I have heard that exercise may help - if so, what kind?
    Please help me. I try to laugh at my husband's humorous (he thinks)
    insinuations, but I am really worried. ANSWER: Masters and Johnson in their
    scholarly opus "Human Sexual Response," published in 1966 by Little, Brown,
    comment at length upon the physiological responses of the sexual organs
    during excitement. Among their observations is the fact that the inner two
    thirds of the vagina ex pands tremendously during sexual excitement. This
    does not seem to occur in the outer one third of the vagina. There are a
    variety of muscles in the vaginal wall and surrounding areas which are under
    voluntary control. Exercises are recommended for women with relaxed vaginal
    opening as a variant of normal anatomy, or as a result of pregnancy and
    childbirth. These helpful exercises are not commonly used in this country.
    It may be because we have a heritage of secrecy surrounding sex.

Heading: PuckneU ian
Content: OFFICIA L STUDENT NEW SPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL

Heading: COMMUNITY
Content: E stablished 1897. P ublished tw ice w eekly during th e college year. Member of
    A ssociated C ollegiate P ress. A nnual subscription. >>7.00, payable to  ad
    vance E ntered as second class m atter on S eptem ber 21, 1922, a t the post
    office at L ew isburg, P a. u n d er th e  act of M arch 3, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: 'The Band' Entertains Capacity Crowd
Content: (Continued from Page 2) would like to answer that charge. First, Mr. Koutnik
    charged that our posting copies anonymously in dicated that we felt fear or
    shame for what we were doing. The fact of the matter is that it is
    irrelevant who posted the copies. The only parties who need to be recognized
    are Kunstler himself, as the author of the statement; and the source, the
    Black Panther, so that the authenticity of the statement can be verified.
    These two parties were recognized, and therefore all others are
    inconseqquential. Second, we point out that we could not have quoted out of
    con text since we posted the whole speech. The highlighting of certain
    portions of the speech was not, as Mr. Koutnik believes, intended to
    misrepresent the rest of the con tent of the speech. It was intended to call
    attention to the speech; to interest students in reading what Kunstler had
    actually said, with the hope that they would read further and be able to
    form an in telligent opinion of the man's posi tion; to demonstrate what we
    thought was the crux of the issue. As far as that goes, our interpre tation
    is somewhat different from Mr. Koutnik's. Kunstler was arguing for the right
    of communities to self de fense. Mr. Koutnik was right in saying "lynching
    is not an act of self defense," but neither was the murder of John Gleason.
    There is a difference between "self de fense" and the type of revenge ex-
    evuted of Gleason. In self defense, one attempts to prevent injury. In this
    case, the injury had been done, and Gleason, who caused it, was leaving the
    ghetto, when he was attacked by the crowd. A group of people felt wronged
    and took it upon themselves to administer "justice." This is lynching, and
    Kusstler's defense for it has been the defense for all lynch mobs. The

Heading: LEWISBURG INN
Content: Luncheon--12:00 to 2:00 Dinner 5:30 to 8:00 p.m. Sunday Dinner 12:00 to 2:30
    only --Early American Atmosphere- 101 Maritet Street, Lewisburg, Pa.

Heading: CLOSED MONDAY
Content: question of who was the first cause of injury, Williams or Gleason, be comes
    irrelevant. Shooting it out in the streets is not the way to guar antee the
    justice that the black (and the white) community wants and needs, and yet
    this is precisely what Kunstler believes we should be prepared to do
    whenever we feel we have been severely wronged. It is unfortunate for Mr.
    Koutnik that he feels that the University atmosphere encourages not thor
    oughness and objectivity in dealing with problems, but their opposites. Any
    student who does feel he has time to read the entire Kunstler speech can
    collect one from John deGroot, in 423 Trax. Yours, in hope, (John
    deGroot-3402) #Lee Powell Miki Hamilton Leslie Campbell

Heading: Cushman
Content: (Continued from Page 1) I would rather have a student who I know dislike me than
    one who doesn't care at all. If a student has a complaint, I want to hear
    it. 1 have never been confronted with whatever complaints have been made
    either in a formal hearing or even in an informal discussion. The vote to
    recommend that Cushman's contract not be renewed was split among the three
    voting members of the department and reliable sources said that there was
    not unanimous agreement on any of the points for which the action was taken.
    (Continued from Page 1) watch the geese fly south. Where as the crowd was
    dressed up to look country, The Band were coun try boys (with custom
    tailors) dressed up for the "Saturday Night Social". Musically the strongest
    impression cast was from Garth Hudson (a prophetic title) who looks like a
    cross between Dan Blocker and a slightly malevolent preacher played a mean
    keyboard. Late in thet concert he furnished us with an extraordinary show
    and it was superb. Gliding through drastic organ tonal shifts--uncanny
    guitar-like reports melting into old rural church, funeral parlor organ--
    the whole thing laced with Pink Hoydish electronic space; it intro duced a
    memorable rendition of "Chest Fever"--easily their high point of the night.
    Rich Danko's fingers melted on and off his bass strings and the others were
    equally proficient -- particularly Jamie Robbie Robert- ton's electric
    mandolin churning sympathetic chordshifts. They all seemed capable of
    playing each oth er's instruments as the occasions arose. Too bad they had
    to sound so like their albums though -- spontaneity was there but never
    quite getting out from underthumb. The conclusion of the concert heard the
    usual therefore indiscrim inate audience over-reaction cul minating in
    demanding foot-stomp- ing that brought back the group for an encore. They
    addressed Rag Mamma Rag to the audience; flashed peace signs and left to
    more overwrought ap plause which snuffed out immediate ly as the house
    lights came on bringing a shuffling murmur that grew then ever-so-slowly
    receded.

Heading: The Sideshow
Content: By DAVID WEINBERGER (Continued from Page 2) along Apache Way and make a left on
    Commanche Run. His kids comes up to him and asks to borrow his Never Miss
    Aluminum Magic SpinCaster Fishing Pole and his MusicMatic Cassette Tape
    Recorder, and the man nods as he clicks his cigar ashes into the plaster
    mouth of an ashtray flamingo. . . . , I asked the secretary in her dungarees
    at the desk if she ever felt bad about working there because of what was
    going to happen there. We can always communicate with the young, at least.
    She looked at me, sized me up as a Beatle who was at Woodstock, and said
    "It's great party land." . ~ , Someday, in ten years, when the Poconos are
    covered with H.O. scale model houses, someone with five million dollars
    capital and a pneumatic drill will decide to build a tree.

Heading: "The Human Dress is
Content: 

Heading: Forged Iron."
Content: 

Heading: Blake
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 11:00

Heading: AM .
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY
Content: 

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER in EUROPE for $199.00
Content: 

Heading: SS June 2 to August 28
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: CALL BUCKNELL STUI
Content: 

Heading: New York to Amsterdam
Content: (Round Trip)

Heading: Q
Content: STUDENT FLIGHTS AT (717) 524-1477 O (Open only to Bucknell Students and
    Educaitional Staff Price Based on 60 Seats) <<#tm nm niB

Heading: #nmuniBmumnaimrai
Content: Color Productions Present

Heading: IN CONCERT
Content: 

Heading: BM , Sweat
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: Tears
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAY, DECEMBER 5
Content: 

Heading: FARM SHOW ARENA HBG., PA.
Content: $5.00 Advance ticket purchase $6.00 Door ticket price Send self addressed
    stamped envelope to: Odor Productions, Inc. BOX 336, HARRISBURG, PA. 1710<<
    #I t ! K U IB IU IIB IIIIIM Office: F ochi F rin ito <<  Co., 2M M erket
    Strool, 523-4221 C onsultant: B rad T ufts. 524-1221

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE DELIVERY
Content: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m. Fri.-Sat. - - - 9:00 - 1:00 p.m. Sunday ---------
    7:00 - 11:30 p.m.

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O P EN
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: 

Heading: Toe. - Thor. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. - Sat. - 11 am. - 1:30 am.
Content: 

Heading: Sun. - Mon. - 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: NOV. 24, B7D PAGE THREE #

Heading: l
Content: 

Heading: Engineers ! Would you rather start your career
Content: 

Heading: in management and practice engineering
Content: 

Heading: instead of starting in engineering and
Content: 

Heading: working up to management?
Content: 

Heading: Cimili Paper
Content: 

Heading: A  S U B S ID IA R Y  O F  T H E  P R O C T E R  & G A M B L E  C O ,
Content: Experience In papermaking Is not necessary; we'll train you. Within 6 months
    after you join us, you will be given full charge of an engineering staff
    section or direct re sponsibility for a production unit or department.

Heading: We will interview at the Student Placement Office
Content: 

Heading: W ednesday, Dec. 2, 1970
Content: 

Heading: BS and MS degrees In ChE, CE, IE, EE, ME, Pulp and Paper Technology, and
Content: 

Heading: MBA's with BS in any technical discipline. We have opportunities
Content: In:

Heading: # MANUFACTURING PLANT MANAGEMENT
Content: 

Heading: # PLANT MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
Content: 

Heading: # PRODUCT ENGINEERING
Content: 

Heading: # PLANT INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING
Content: 

Heading: # PLANT CHEMICAL ENGINEERING
Content: Already 10th largest industry In the United States, papermaking Is exploding
    with new qrowth. And Charmin. as a producer of houshold paper products only.
    Is a pacesetter in the segment that is growing 3 times faster than the total
    industryl Charmin's entire operations are alive with new methods, new ideas,
    new processes, new product concepts-- and Charmin engineers are in the
    forefront of these develop ments. Now, as our marketing area expands beyond
    75% of the U. S. population, we need more engineers capable of bold new
    thinking. Our rapid growth, combined with a practice of promotion from
    within, provides out standing advancement opportunities. We must
    significantly increase our manage ment organization in the next few years,
    providing opportunities at all levels in the organization. Your progress
    will be closely followed, since our technically trained management group Is
    comparatively small. Choice of four locations; Green Bay, Wisconsin;
    Cheboygan. Michigan; Mehoopany Pennsylvania (near Scranton) or our new Cape
    Girardeau. Missouri plant. If hunt mg, fishing, or skiing are hobbies, your
    choice of locations can put you into an area rich in resources for your
    favorite sport.

Heading: Sian up at the Placement Office now, and find out more about a future with
Content: 

Heading: us We're Interested In talking with you even if you have graduate school plans
Content: 

Heading: or a military obligation. Note: You must be a U.S. citizen or have a permanent
Content: 

Heading: Immigrant visa.
Content: 

Heading: An
Content: Equa| opportunity Employer -- M/F OSOSO!

Heading: Bisons Bow to Delaware
Content: 

Heading: (PSfte^%jButknelltan
Content: 

Heading: In Season's Grand Finale
Content: 

Heading: 9P O R T S
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII --  NO. 23
Content: 

Heading: EEEP
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1970
Content: By ERIC RIESS The Big Blue Bisons, who have been suprising everyone since the
    beginning of the season, got the biggest surprise of the season Saturday
    when they tried to short circuit Delaware'<<  own Big Blue Machine. The
    shock which the Bison's re ceived was a disasterous 42-0 loss to the Blue
    Hens. The win was the third consecu tive victory for the Hens over the
    Bisons and marked the largest margin of victory ever compiled in a BU-
    Delaware clash. If there is any consolation gained from the game it is that
    the team that beat Fred Prenders' men is one which has been rewriting the
    Hen record books for the past three years, first under Tom Dimuzio and now
    with Chuck Hall, leading the assult. The Delaware " machine,"  now holds
    records for most points scored, and most yards rushing, in a season while
    Hall individually holds records for most points scored in a season, career,
    and game (a record which he tied for the third time Saturday). Hall has also
    rushed for over 3,000 yards in his career as a Blue Hen. The ground attack
    of coach Tub by' Raymond's Hens has been the teams' strong point all season
    as the Big Blue found out Saturday as the Hens piled up 391 yards and scored
    all but one of their TD s by that route. The first came at 10:39 of the
    first period when Hall crashed over from the two yard line capping a 43 yard
    drive. The score put Hall over the 3,000 yard mark for his career. The Bison
    offense was unable to gain any more than two consecutive first downs
    whenever it got the ball and the BU defense stiffened al lowing the Hens
    only four downs whenever they had the ball. Bill !Lane and Grady Kahoe
    traded punts until midway through the second period when the Hen of fense
    began moving from their own 31 yard line. Eleven plays later Jim Colbert,
    sprinted around left end from his quarterback slot giving the home team a
    14-0 lead after the PAT. But after the Kickoff Howie Burke began to move the
    BU of fense and after seven plays Burke had a first and ten from the Dela
    ware 19. A 14-7 halftime score against the powerful Hens probably would have
    been enough to power, what has come to be the patented BU come- from-behind
    type of game. But when Burke was caught for a loss attempting to pass on
    third down and Dave Boyer's 37 yard field goal attept sailed just wide to
    the left the Bisons had found themselves down by 14. The teams traded punts
    at the beginning of the second half until the Bisons got the ball at their
    own 28. A Burke pass of 18 yards and a Rick Diez run of 13 made it look like
    the offense had come alive. But the spark was short lived as Mich Farbstein
    fumbled the ball on what could have been the biggest play of the game.
    Farbstein was trying to go up the middle and was hit hard by the center of
    the Hen line. The Blue Hens recovered and scored a demoralizing 21-0 lead.
    After another Delaware score at 10:35 of the third period the Bisons tried
    another comeback. Starting from his own 10 Burke directed the offense down
    to the Delaware 12. On the final play of the third period the Bisons were
    called for unneccessary roughness and the ball moved back to the Delaware
    27. But four plays and three con secutive losses later the Blue Hens took
    over as everything went wrong for Burke. That was the last time the offense
    showed any spark and the tired and spiritless defense could do little to
    stop the method ical Blue machine. The final stats show that the run ning
    attack of the Hens more than compensated for the fact that Burke completed
    18 of 31 passes for 157 yards over Colberts 3 for 13 and 29 yards. , Jay
    Griffing caught 5 of Burke s passes and Rick Diez showed sparks of
    brightness leaving some hope that next year when 'Tubby' Raymond brings his
    new big Blue machine into Memorial stadium it will be no surprise if the
    Bisons leave it dismantled on the BU gridiron

Heading: For ' 70 M AHL Campaign
Content: 

Heading: 'Ehe Buckntllian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: By GEORGE LANE Soon after Thanksgiving break, you might start seeing about 15-20
    men carrying long thin sticks, wear ing blue shirts, funny pants and striped
    socks, gathering in front of the Bookstore around three o'clock every
    afternoon. These men will be faced with such innocent questions as, " Has
    lacross practice started already?"  or " Hey, what are you guys all dressed
    up for?" No, lacrosse practice won't  be starting that early and what
    they'll be dressed up for is hockey--that's right, hockey. What you'll be
    seeing is the Bison Ice Hockey Club on its way to one of its daily practices
    in Sunbury is preparation for making its latest bid to rise to the top of
    the Middle Atlantic Hockey League. This will be a rebuilding wear for the
    leers. Last Year's graduation claimed the entire first forward line of Jock
    Mitchell, Jon Apgar and Doc Reimer. Never before have freshman had as good
    an opportunity to win top starting positions as the club tries

Heading: A A UP Debates
Content: 

Heading: New Dorm Evacuated
Content: Dave "Dump"  Simpkins battles for the puck in a recent warm up match. Simpkins
    plays policeman for the icers, crunching belligerent opponents. (Photo by
    Dan Boston! to fill the recently vacated gaps. But, despite last year's
    losses, prospects for the season are far from dim. Returning forwards Dave
    'Dump' Simpkins, Jim Schreiber, Archie Bryant and Geoff Walker will provide
    a solid nucleus around gnuu w<<.

Heading: Grapplers Enter Stroudsburg Tourney;
Content: 

Heading: Rivoire, Loesch Collect Wins for Herd
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE The Blue and Orange grapplers more than held their own against
    some stiff competition as the new head wrestling coach, Rich Shu maker, took
    eight members of his team to the East Stroudsburg Open this past weekend.
    The Bisons picked up 11 team points. Over 500 wrestlers from all over the
    country entered the Open and as an example of the type of compe tition,
    there were 2 national champs and 4 other national place winners in the
    finals. Freshman Tom Wason at 118 made Shumacher's debut a big success as he
    defeated Nerier from the U of Buffalo in an exciting, come from behind 8-6
    match. Wason also picked up a win by default be fore losing to an opponent
    from Rut gers. The Bisons entered two wrestlers in the 150 pound weight
    class, junior Tom Rivoire and sophomore Stan Dancer. Dancer won Iris first
    bout against Franklin from Morgan 9-4 before losing a controversial decision
    to Neeler of FDU at the buzzer, 4-2.

Heading: Bison Co-Captains
Content: Joe Diorio and John Klenovick were elected co-captains of the 1971 Bisons. The
    announcement was made at last night's awards dinner by head coach Fred
    Prender. <<#'-#r-s

Heading: 'V
Content: 

Heading: - 1 !!!if I
Content: Rivoire, last year's 150 pound MAC champ, was seeded third in the tournament. In
    his first bout he slipped past Spohn, last year's Southern Conference Champ
    4-3. He also picked up two easy vic tories over Williams from Stevens and
    Pruznick of Columbia before falling to Kiglen, an independent. The final BU
    wrestler to win points was A1 Loesch. The strong sophomore picked up 3
    victories in cluding two pins. One of his pins came over Rick Hershey, last
    year's runner-up in the Pennsylvania States. Bison wrestlers who weren't
    able to make it past the first round were senior Steve Coleman, sophomore
    Mark Ramage, and freshmen George Ballentine and Jim North- ridge. Coach
    Shumacher was happy with his team's effort but acknowledged that they had
    much work to do be fore their first meet with Juniata on December 7. which
    the Bisons will be able to build a potent offense. Jim Daven port, Hunt
    Worth and Floyd Wallace will tackle the defensive chores while Steve Levings
    and George Cane will be back tending goal. The Bisons will open their season
    on Dec. 5th against a tough foe, Le high, last year's MAHL champs. After
    that game the Bisons will face other teams from Lafayette, Rutgers,
    Villanova, the Academy of the New Church and will wrap up the season on
    March 13th against the amateur North Penn Eagles. The Bisons face a tough
    schedule, representing a school where there is little student support for
    the sport of hockey. Despite this, they will practice four days a week and
    travel to Allentown to play most of their games. The reason is simple.
    Everyone who is on the team is there because he loves the sport. As long as
    he's playing, nothing else really matters. With the love of the sport com
    bined with constant hard, but en joyable, work will come the Bison's ample
    share of victories.

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: | Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone:
    524-9426 Area Code 717 A small fee is charged John Klenovick Joe Diorio

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: jj
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: g 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. #
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: of living
Content: 

Heading: .............
Content: 

Heading: You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: PS
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: ask for your free copy of RAGS magazine . . . . .
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: ABORTION Referral Service <ARS> Safe, Legal (N.Y.) and Inexpen sive. Please call
    Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All in quiries confidential.

Heading: COIN
Content: & STAMP SHOP We buy U.S. silver coins. Highest prices paid. We also buy stamps,
    U.S. and foreign coins. 35 Broadway, Milton. FOR SALE VOX portable organ
    with Fender Leslie. $300 or best offer. 524-0239. _________ FOR SALE R62
    International Har vester Van, 3 new tires, July In spection, partial camper.
    524-0239.

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: NOV. 24, 1970

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: Watch Repairing & Engraving
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for Christmas. Easter or summer?
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities, economic flights, discounts.
Content: 

Heading: Write for information (air mail).
Content: 

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street, Newport. I.W .. England
Content: 

Heading: New Guidelines
Content: 

Heading: Bomb Threat Draws State Police
Content: By JUNE CAFFREY According to the American As sociation of University Professors
    Bulletin, Summer 1970,the Univers ity ranks 233 in average total com
    pensation for full-time faculty mem bers. Total compensation, salary plus

Heading: CHAMPION SHOE REPAIR
Content: 

Heading: I l
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: IS YOUR
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: !
Content: 

Heading: moccnsiN
Content: 

Heading: c e iit e r
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: OVER 20 STYLES
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: IN STOCK
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Complete
Content: 

Heading: Sh
Content: 

Heading: Service
Content: 

Heading: I I
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: NORTH OF WEIS FOOD MARKET
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Penna.
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: John

Heading: A.
Content: Peeler, Assistant Pro fessor of Political Science and President of the AAUP
    presented AAUP guidelines for the faculty's consideration. (photo by Dave
    Hill) fringe benefits, is valued at $13,878. The survey, ranking all
    institutions with compensation more than $12,- 500, found the average salary
    to be $12,009. In the article, " Rising Cost and the Public Institutions,"
    4he AAUP found that, " Taking into account the rise in price level, the
    change in faculty compensations was scandalously small. According to John
    Peeler, Chair man of the University's local AAUP chapter, there has been an
    average salary raise of 5% since the sum m er report was published, however
    the " question is whether this raise is keeping pace with the rising cost of
    living." At the AAUP meeting on Novem-

Heading: Club (!nests Recount
Content: 

Heading: Southeast Asia Trip
Content: The International Club is sponsor ing a discussion by Tony Avirgan and Martha
    Westover concerning their recent trip to " enemy"  ter ritory in North
    Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos and South Vietnam. It will be held this Saturday at
    8 p.m. in Vaughan Literature audi- m . lonum. Avirgan and Miss Westover's
    traveling took them to two remote (Continued on Page 4) her 23, Provost
    Wendell I. Smith supplied information about salaries with particular
    emphasis on des- crimination of women faculty mem bers and the University's
    policy on hiring married couples. It was noted that there was an average
    discrepancy between male and female faculty members' sala ries of $1,500 -
    $2,000 (full profes sors), while the difference was much less for assistant
    professors ($600.00). However, after close .analysis (considering
    publications, rank, and degree held) Smith found only three " clear"  cases
    where women faculty members' salaries are " too"  low. Another topic for
    discussion was the criteria and method used in the evaluation of faculty
    performance in salary and tenure decisions. Discussion of the AAUP's
    position on the 1940 Statement on Academic Freedom and Tenure was held. It
    was noted that the decision on whether or not the University will adopt this
    statement is left up to the Board of Trustees and will be brought up at
    their meeting in De cember. The University has been abiding by most of the
    principles upheld in (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: By ERIC RIESS
Content: In response to the University's latest 'bomb threat' John F. Zeller, vice
    president of business and fi nance, has issued a set of guide lines for use
    by University officials. The guidelines indicate proced ures to be followed
    to " insure the safety of everyone involved,"  in Zeller's words. The latest
    bomb threat came Wednesday morning at approxi mately 1:00 a.m. when an anony
    mous caller phoned the University's campus police and indicated that a bomb
    had been planted on the third floor of New Dorm. The caller said, according
    to Ray Musser, the on-duty officer at the University's emergency num ber, "
    The Weathermen are here. There is a bomb on the third floor of New Dorm. It
    is running out." After getting the call, Musser no tified the security
    police who noti fied Miss Marjorie Peck, the head resident of New Dorm, who
    evac uated the building. After evacuating the building, the bomb squad of
    the state police bar racks in Milton was notified. Af ter a complete search
    of the floor by the state police, students were allowed to re-enter the
    building at approximately 3:30 a.m. Zeller comented on the evacua tion of
    all University buildings say ing, " At some schools where scares have become
    quite frequent, the University has stopped requiring that the building be
    evacuated and John F. Zeller, Vice President of Business and Finance,
    released guidelines this week for handling emergencies like Tuesday's bomb
    scare in New Dorm. (photo by Bob Arnold)

Heading: Motions Prepared for Faculty Meeting
Content: 

Heading: Plan Organizes
Content: 

Heading: Ecology Group
Content: By LYNDA ROSCOE At the University faculty's De cember meeting, Dr. Dennis Mar-
    chand. assistant professor of geol ogy and geography, will present a motion
    "that an Environmental Co ordinating and Advisory Commit tee be established
    as a standing University committee." In discussing factors prompting his
    proposal, Dr. Marchand noted that a number of students and fac ulty members
    had approached him last year with suggestions, follow ing Earth Day and the
    Colloquy program. He also pointed out that questions directed to him in the
    past con cerning physical facilities here have indicated to him the
    misinformation or lack of information about such facilities. " However,
    these are not my ma jor reasons for proposing an en vironmental committee,"
    explained Dr. Marchand. " Rather I would like to see the institution of a
    mechanism by which the entire community can draw together the expertise
    available in a small uni versity with large, well-developed engineering,
    physical sciences, so cial sciences, and humanities de partments, which can
    all contribute to studying the environmental question." One of the advisory
    committee's (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Profs Propose
Content: 

Heading: October Recess
Content: By NANCY GRDEN A motion to institute a one week recess during October, which
    would eliminate the present Thanksgiving recess, will be presented at the
    December faculty meeting by Dr. Robert Beard, assistant professor of Russian
    and Dr. James Heath, as sistant professor of classics. This recess would
    begin at 5 p.m. on the Friday before the last Mon day of October and would a
    id  at 8 p.m. on the first Monday of Nov ember. The present Thanksgiving
    recess would thus be eliminated. The two professors feel that " it is in the
    best interests of the academic program" to institute (Continued on Page 4)
    simply indicated that there has been a threat and that students are free to
    leave if they so desire." He continued, "This University will continue to
    evacuate all build ings where a bomb threat has been received. We must at
    all times insure the safety of any student, faculty or administrator.
    Studies taken in the past have indicated that most bomb threats (Continued
    on Page 4)

Heading: Afro-American Poet
Content: 

Heading: Presents Selections
Content: Sonia Sanchez, an Afro-American poet, will give a poetry reading this Sunday at
    8 p.m. in Vaughan Literature Library. Her selections will deal with the
    black experience in this country. According to Steve Wyatt, " She is one of
    a younger generation of black poets whose writings aim at relevancy to her
    community." Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Miss Sanchez is a graduate of
    Hunter College. She has taught at San Francisco State College and Carnegie-
    Melon and is currently teaching black literature at Rut gers University. Her
    poems have appeared in numerous publications including " For Malcolm,"  "The
    New Black Poetry,"  " Tulane Drama Review," and the " Journal of Black
    Poetry." She has also written two books, We a Badd People & Homecoming. Her
    visit is being sponsored by the Association of Blacks for Pro gress and the
    English department.

Heading: Hotline 1515
Content: Beginning tonight The Student Information Service hotline will begin operation
    at 1515. Two people will be on duty every night from 8:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m.
    There will be two telephone lines open to act as a listening, talk and
    information service. If the lines are busy students are ask ed to call
    again. There is also a walk in in formation service in a room off the back
    room of the Bison, open every afternoon. Dennis Marchand, Assistant Pro
    fessor of Geology and Geography, will present a proposal for an ecology
    committee at the faculty meeting Monday.

Heading: Organizations Receive Money
Content: 

Heading: Appropriation Committee Grants Funds
Content: 

Heading: Dateline: The Campus
Content: By SUE PRESTON The Association of Bucknell Stu dents' Appropriations Committee
    has given approximately $5800 to nine organizations this semester. This
    money is in addition to the approximately $60,000 they appro priated for the
    current year to various organizations after their budget hearings last
    spring. The groups and the amount of money they received include: Ex
    perimental College $50, Water Polo Club $475, Intercollegiate Debate Society
    $670, Bison Pep Band $50, Men's Ihtramurals $200, Student Information
    Service $1257.50, Tris tram $1200, Photography Club $1500, and Independent
    Men $400. Some of these requests were from organizations who were not in ex
    istence last spring. Others were from organizations who were ap pealing
    their case to receive more operationg funds. The appropriations committee
    consists of the five ABS officers and the five at-large officers. The money
    they receive to appropriate funds is taken out of the general student fee.
    Recently they drew up some guidelines to consider while de bating budget
    requests. In allocating student funds the committee tries to keep in mind
    the " social good"  of the organiza tion, i.e. in what ways " the money will
    broaden and enrich the Uni versity and the community." Priority is given to
    recognized student organizations and no aca demic department shall receive
    ABS funds. Priority will be given also based on the " value"  of a group to
    the University community and not necessarily according to the size of its
    membership. Organizations desiring funds for food, lodging and
    transportation ex penses will be asked to share a part of this expense.
    Organizations desiring funds for a conference or to plan an event are
    referred to the conference committee or the com mittee on cooperative
    funding, both subsidized by the ABS. Other areas the committee will be
    investigating include the purpose behind having advisors of student
    organizations sign checks, and the possibility of the ABS also funding the
    Association of Women Students and the University chorale, band, choir and
    orchestra, all currently (Continued on Page 4) By CATHLEEN EVANS Berkeley
    (CPS) -- Using the method of initiative, a group in Berkeley is planning to
    circulate petitions to place on next April's city ballot a proposal for a
    peace treaty between the people of Berkeley and the National Liberation
    Front of Vietnam. The peti tion, requiring enough signatures to equal five
    percent of the en tire vote cast in the last municipal election to make the
    ballot, would become a city ordinance if passed. The 1,800 signatures re
    quired, can easily be collected from the registered voters attend ing the
    Univrsity of California at Berkeley. The petition, in addi tion to
    authroizing five representatives of the city to be delegated to the NLF and
    Vietnamese people, demands that the United States withdraw its troops from
    Southeast Asia and cease to support the present South Vietnamese government.
    It also declares that no Berkeley citizn will serve in the war. If the
    proposal were to pass, Berkeley would have to secede from the Union. The
    U.S. Constitu tion explicitly prohibits the signing of treaties by any local
    govern ment. Penn State -- Nov. 17, Robert McHugh, editor of " The Daily
    Collegian"  was suspended by a special meeting of the papers publisher after
    complaints of violation of privacy from the Black Students Union. The paper
    published an account of a meeting of the group on November 5, which was
    supposedly closed to the press. " The Board accepted the view that the
    article tended to increase racial tensions on campus and . . . felt that,
    though there are pre cedents for reporters in resorting to eavesdropping to
    get informa tion, the action in connection with the BSU meeting was improper
    and that the practice in general is undesirable."  McHugh responded that the
    increase in tensions was " largely due to the response of some blacks,"  and
    contended that " I don't think a misjudgement of my part warranted
    suspension."

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: FEEDBACK: The Individual and Intercollegiate Athletics
Content: To the Editor: It should be pointed out that In tercollegiate competition is
    volun tary, and that a person who tries out for a particular sport is under
    no obligation to do so. He has made a choice; then he must follow the
    procedures, rules and standards that a particular coach has set down,
    including the training rules, the practice schedules, the dress code on away
    trips and the groom ing code. It is to my understanding, I wish to be
    corrected if I am wrong, that the individual coaches at Bucknell have been
    given the authority by the Athletic Director to make up their own training
    schedules, regulations and so on, so long as these rules do not con flict
    with the basic policies es tablished by Bucknell's Athletic De partment, the
    NCAA or the part icular conference the school belongs to, in this case the
    Mid-Atlantic Conference. As exam ple of a con flict that did not involve the
    policies set by Bucknell's Athletic Depart ment, occurred two years ago at
    Bucknell. It involved the new NCAA rule pertaining to all participants and
    people associated with the sport of wrestling. The rule specifies that . all
    people involved in the sport of wrestling shall be clean shaven. At the
    time, the manager of the wrestl ing team was sporting a beard and the
    Athletic Director, Mr. Latour, dismissed the manager because he refused to
    shave off his beard. Mr, Latour, if I understood what hap pened correctly,
    decided that the manager was closely related to the sport of wrestling and
    that the manager should com ply with the NCAA rule. I agree with Mr. La-
    tour's decision and if one does not agree, then one is questioning a
    person's judgement which is rela tive to each particular person. In this
    case Mr. Latour thought it best to dismiss the manager - his judgement
    versus your particular judgement. Someone has to be in the position to make
    decisions, and when a decision must be made with in the Athletic Department
    dealing with policy, Mr. Latour is in such a position. It is not a pleasant
    job at times being Athletic Director, but decisions have to be made and Mr.
    Latour has done an outstanding job in this position. Once the individual
    coach has set up his regulations and stan dards, he must also have the re
    sponsibility to see that his regula- tions are up-held. Since the coach, and
    all athletic personsel, in under the immediate direction of the Ath letic
    Director, the Athletic Director has the final responsibility in all matters
    pertaining to his depart ment. In the matter of dress codes and grooming
    codes, he must back up his staff because he has dele gated to them the
    authority to make these various regulations and stand ards. If any of these
    regulations or standards are contrary to the Ath letic D irector's basic
    beliefs and the interest of the particular team as a whole, then he must
    advise the particular coach of such discrepan cies in basic policy and take
    the ap propriate measures to alleviate the problem. Smith's Policies When
    someone has elected to join an athletic team, particularly os the varsity
    level, he gives up som e of his cherished individual rights. I guess this is
    a necessary evil m order to insure proper discipline, proper training
    procedures, team m orale, team spirit and team unity. I do not believe that
    one w ill be able to fully understand what I mean unless he or she has
    joined an athletic organization and has traised and competed within this
    organization. The guide lines that are established by a particular athletic
    organization provide for the best possible coaching techniques and the best
    possible perform ance of the team. In Training Coach Smith has been the
    basket ball coach at Bucknell for a number of years. His views on what are
    ap propriate dress and grooming sta n dards are known to the Athletic
    Director, the basketball players and the general public. Since his poli cies
    are widely known, it must be assumed that the Athletic Director has approved
    of them and that he w ill back Coach Smith in his action. It also must be
    assumed that the administratios has approved of these regulations, not only
    in basket ball but in all sports. (I'm  not say ing that this " approval"
    by the ad ministration is right or wrong, but I'm basing m y assumption on
    their " silent"  approval.) Therefore, the player in question, without
    forcing the issue, decided to quit the team instead of getting his hair cut.
    His choice was one of " individual con science"  and he must of thought (I
    will assume) that the regulation concerning short hair (how short I I do not
    know) was contrary to ms belief in individual freedom of choice. The
    Bucknellian (Friday, Novem ber 13) criticized Coach Smith s de cision and
    said that " the rights of the individual must be guarded. In the training
    phase of any sport, the individual, as many coaches will testify, must give
    120% in what ever he may do. The rigorous train ing procedures in m odern
    athletic activities commands total dedica te s of one's mind and body. No
    one w ill succeed if he does not dedicate himself to the task ahead of him.
    One cannot separate the mind from  the body or the body from the mind and
    expect to achieve the goals he has set for himself. This " organism ic
    concept" pertains to athletic activities as well as to the academ ic
    subjects one may elect to take. This dedica tion will demand some sacrifices
    on the part of the players and the coaches, but the coach must main tain
    what he beleives are sound and justifiable policies is order to in sure the
    best possible perform ance of the team  as a whole, not in dividual by
    individual. This is not to say that the coach should not be concerned with
    each individual s perform ance, but the coach is re sponsible to other
    publics, the ad ministration, the Athletic Depart m ent, the student body,
    the com munity and the team 's opponent, to insure the proper function of
    his players as a team , not as indi vidual^. From  my experiences in swimm
    ing, spanning 15 years, I have realized that I was restricted in what I
    could do in order to attain perfection. I'm not saying that I ever attained
    perfection, or even cam e close, but perfection (som e type of goal) is
    something that the m ajority of athletes strive for through their athletic
    careers. Per fection can be stated in various ways, such as a particular
    time one wants to swim the 100 yd. free style, the percentage of free throws
    made, a team 's won-lost record, the score (grade) on a psychology test and
    so on. One usually con siders a 100 as a perfect score, but is it? If one
    stops to think about the general educational philosophy of the university
    environment, the objectives one wishes to attain and the methods one uses to
    attain these objectives, is 100% on any test really perfection? Or is it not
    simply the student regurgitating the professor's class lectures and for
    getting it until the final? Or just forgetting the material entirely?
    Everyone has their own concept of perfection and the ways to go-about
    achieving it. The athletic coach has his methods and he will use them until
    he finds a better way. a team effort and everyone con tributing their share
    to attain the victory. The rules and regulations pertain to all mem bers of
    the team, no exceptions can be made or else the coach w ill lose the respect
    of his players. If the coach loses the respect of his players then he w ill
    be dealing, not wtih a team , but with 16 to 20 individuals who will be
    trying to get away with what ever they can. The team will lose its identity,
    its character and its togetherness. This " togetherness was not present on
    last year s swim ming team and it resulted in our losing the MAC
    Championship to Lehigh University. The swimming team, as any athletic team
    at Bucknell, is composed of factions. The swimming team failed to bridge the
    gap between these fac tions; various fraternities com pet ing against each
    other, both for team glory and Freshman rushees, the divers and swimmers
    were not very close, the swim mers against the managers and various indi
    viduals openly criticizing and fight ing amongst the other mem bers of the
    team. This was not conducive to high team  m orale, team  spirit and
    cheerful and pleasant work out conditions. Mr. Russell and Mr. Jenkins tried
    to bring the team together as best they could, but it took until Friday
    night of the MAC'S the team trailing by 19 points, that we finally gelled
    into a team, a team  that cam e out fighting Satur day. The team still lost,
    but the bus ride back was not one in which a losing team was riding in. It
    was a totally different team ! I think it was a team  that realized the im
    portance of the other guy, the im portance of a team effort, the im portance
    of total dedication to one single goal and the importance of sacrificing
    certain rights (individual rights) for the benefit of team unity. Last year
    was not a team effort, it was what one individual could achieve versus
    another pre- son's achievements. I hope this year's team  w ill work-out and
    per form  as a team, not just like a team! one reason or another. It might
    be too tim e consuming, too much work, too emotional and mental stress and
    strain or not getting a hair cut. Whatever the reason may be, the individual
    usually does the cutting him self, but in som e in stances the coach m ay
    have to exert his authority, as would have been the case with Coach Smith if
    the individual in question had shown up the following day without having had
    his hair cut. Justifiable Rules In our society, rules and regula- tioss must
    be made and enforced if it is to function properly. You m ay not like this
    but it happens to be the case until said rules and regu lations are changed.
    In athletics, in which there is social interaction, rules must be made and
    enforced. Some rules will undoubtedly re strict the individual's personal
    rights but these regulations are both necessary and justifiable.

Heading: I
Content: dare say that the great athletes of modem tim e would not have been so great if
    it were not for their giving up certain of their individual rights If one
    thinks that he is so im portant to the team  thes he will want to respect
    the coach's judgment concerning training reg ulations. A good athlete would
    not question, the coach's judgment un less of course it would involve phys
    ical harm to him self or to any other individual involved in the sport. I
    cannot see what possible physical harm, mental anguish or m otion al setback
    is caused by getting one's hair cut. If long hair is so im portant to the
    individual then he need not play basketball. But if - playing baskebtall is
    considered m ore important than having long hair then one would com ply with
    the standard set down concerning the length of one's hair and join the team.
    A team  is a unified group of individuals that work-out togeth er, play
    together and should have fun together. No one individual makes a team
    great; rather it is a combination of the various indi vidual's talents and
    personalities that makes the team function prop erly. The choice is yours!
    Sincerely, Gregory W. Olson '70 G regory W. Olson 573 Eigenmann Hall Indiana
    University Bloomington, Indiana 47401

Heading: =FROM  THE EDITOR'S DESK
Content: 

Heading: --------------
Content: 

Heading: How About Some Answers?
Content: __________________ __ By PAUL OSHER = The Good and Bad Sacrifices To attain
    perfection one must be willing to m ake sacrifices. Some sacrifices an
    athlete m ay have to make may include not smoking or drinking during the
    season, not go ing out the night before an athletic contest, getting the
    proper amounts of sleep, rest and nutritional foods and even getting a hair
    cut. These sacrifices no doubt infringe upon the individual rights of a
    person. The person who fails to adhere to these training procedures m ay be
    able to perform  adequately, or in some cases, he may throw in a superior
    perform ance, but these people are the exception to the rule. The coach must
    think of the team as a  unified group of in dividuals striving for a goal,
    and this goal w ill take extrem ely hard work and many sacrifices on the
    part of each and every individual, not just some. Togetherness The coach (in
    swimming for ex ample) has 16 to 20 men to con sider, not just two or three
    super- stars. Superstars are great, but they do not win the m eet! It takes
    h h h h m h h h A player has to live by the rules laid down by the coach if
    the team is to succeed in its goal. The in dividual therefore gives up some
    of his rights for the benefit of the team and his teammates. One can not be
    selfish, or so individualistic that he demands special treatment that cannot
    be awarded to all. A team must work together, each m em ber is an integral
    part of a highly trained and precisioned unit, striving for perfection (the
    con ference title, a victory over one's arch-rival or some other pre-de-
    termined goal). Therefore, when an individual thinks about joining an
    intercollegiate team, he must weigh the good against the bad. He will have
    to sacrifice (relinquish) some of his individual rights so the team can
    function as a unit. Some pro fessors announce that m ore than three or five
    cuts will affect one s grade Does not this rule restrict an individual's
    freedom ? Some pro fessors and coaches feel that such standards (standards
    on number of cuts allowed and length of one's hair) are vital to the perform
    ance of the individual in class or on an athletic team. Charlie Watts stated
    an answer to * the President's Commission on Campus Unrest that.

Heading: PS
Content: << " it , must b . uvuilrt.lt to << >> t o t ^ u

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: " ^ workings of campus bureaucracy, and must , ,, amDUS ;n the future, reduce
    the likelihood of disruption or violence on the campus m the tuture I can
    only conclude that he has changed his mind Over a month ago I asked him to
    comment on several items that migM be of some interest to the University.
    Among w? at. prerent activities concerning the recommendations w tautted to
    ta m ta * spring by the Committee on g e n t ly J ^ e p ^ e d  S ^ t s w h a
    t r e ^ does he have for delaying action on the status of Theta ^ a ira- tem
    ity? when will he permit the individmd ^ ^ ^ e m

Heading: S
Content: S a r d selves; and what issues were to be brought up at this . . of Trustees
    meeting. One could consider his silence an xpl campus bureaucracy. . He is
    nresently in the m idst of very important deliberations with the deserves
    more (dis) credit, he or w e .). In today's society there are many
    regulations and rules that one must obey in order for the proper func
    tioning of society as a whole to take place. There are also certain
    standards that one must m eet in order to qualify for som e partic ular
    position, and intercollegiate athletics is no different. The qual ifications
    place restrictions upon the indicidual, but the individual has the choice of
    whether he wants to join the group or not. Inter collegiate athletics is
    voluntary and it is selective. The unqualified in dividual has intramural
    activities, the instructional classes, recre ational facilities and
    community fa cilities to satisfy his desire for physical activity.
    Intercollegiate athletics is not for everyone, and it does not pretend to
    be. Those who qualify and make the team are usually the best qualified
    person nel! available to the coach. Only those who are willing to sacrifice,
    and put in the many hours, the sweat and the pain, will make it. What about
    those who do not make it? They usually cut themselves for

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday Nows Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: BILL UVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: #

Heading: Crime Wave
Content: To the Editor: If we com pare Bucknell to the U.S. and the Bookstores shop-
    lifting problem  to the nation's crim e wave, it's posisble to apply several
    phil osophies to solve the problem . List ed below are only four possibili
    ties: 1. Legalize theft; By doing away with needless laws against theft we
    can stop crim e. 2. Im prove the environment; By giving these socially
    disadvantaged individuals an opportunity to ad vance we can decrease their
    need to steal. 3. Unleash the pigs; If we shoot the offenders we w ill rid
    the school of the crim inal elem ent and keep society pure. 4. Preach the
    Good News; If we stop professing atheism in our classroom s perhaps those
    individ uals would have had the necessary spirit to resist temptation. These
    are not the only possibili ties open to us but those professors who claim
    an interest in solving national problems should find some solution and
    effect change in the system to correct the problem  as they see it. Ed Herd
    735 Buffalo Rd. 1 Phone: 524-2903

Heading: Senate Explained
Content: Letter to Community: The following is a synopsis of the faculty passed Senate
    document: hopefully, printing this letter will increase student
    participation at ABS meetings.

Heading: li
Content: 

Heading: it
Content: 

Heading: tilje  f&tttknellian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAI. STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published of Associated Collegiate Press, Annual subscription^
    ^  at the port

Heading: ss?
Content: 

Heading: <<
Content: 

Heading: >>.
Content: 

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: TWF
Content: bucknellian platform TO review any issue and t j f c e a ^ d r ^ ^ i b i l i ^
    thrt tolS S rfS S the University. * deg.y f? t eveiy lMue^ with c^ g e^ s^
    >hen necessary as well as us in a free society to be consttuim veiycri^
    accuracy and to- laudatory when appropriate, and to print me tcirity * _ m e
    d lt ^ r ia W r d ^ I h lt  " tht? e ^ f o r s ^ e d ^ c o l ^  p r e s ^ "
    e^vie*^ only of the authors. All letters must be signed and typed double-
    spaced: however, n a n << may be withheld upon request. to
    emt\nyle0trterrech^een for r e & W s ^ c l r ^ J S .^ a C ^ ^ T h a n g e
    and offensive language. R (P R E e e N T ID f o r n a t i o n a l a d v e r
    t i s i n g b y

Heading: National Educational Advertising Services
Content: A  D IV IS IO N  O F H E A D E R << DIGEET B A L E << >>  EERVICEE. INC. 3 6 0
    L e x in g to n  A v e ., N ew  Y o rk . N. Y .1 Q 0 1 7 --

Heading: <#*"" " tj-saa
Content: 

Heading: 5
Content: 

Heading: Srt-gjrsi.sr
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: DECEMBER 3, 1970] two full consecutive terms. The student mem bers shall be the
    President of ABS, and seven stu dents elected at large (none of whom m ay be
    mem bers of ABS). All full tim e students having a 2.3 GPA are eligible. At
    least one stu dent from  each college must be elected, otherwise the 7
    students with the highest number of votes shall be declared elected. The
    term of ofifce is for one year, and a sen ator may be reelected only once.
    The administrative mem bers are the President, Provost, V P/B F, the Deans
    of the Colleges, the Dean of Student Affairs, and one member elected
    biennially.

Heading: OFFICERS OF SENATE
Content: The President shall serve as Chairman of the Senate; the Sen ate shall elect an
    Executive Sec retary from  its Faculty m em ber, ship, and Associate
    Executive Secretary from its student mem bership.

Heading: PURPOSE
Content: The purpose of the University Senate is to provide for a due shar ing of the
    authority delegated to it by the Board of Trustees, through the President.
    This body shall in vestigate, consider and recommend policies which it deem
    s of com mon concern to the University com munity. The purpose of the Senate
    is not to infringe on the responsibility and authority of the President and
    the Faculty, but to provide a forum

Heading: A
Content: where other constituent bodies may join in providing counsel on the proper
    course of the University.

Heading: FUNCTIONS
Content: 1. The Senate will receive annual reports on the maters of staff, physical
    facilities, and financing. It will study these matters and rec ommend any
    changes concerning the methods by which these mat ters are handled. It w ill
    also rec ommend policies to the President guiding student enrollment, financ
    ing, and priorities for the principal allocations of the general budget, and
    it will review the budget after it is adopted. (No recommenda tions
    regarding the use of the budg et allocated to the form al program of
    instruction over the objections of a m ajority of the Faculty.) 2. To review
    and recommend pol icy concerning scheduling of class es (Committee on Academ
    ic Sched ule). 3. To review and recommend pol icy guiding admission and
    financial

Heading: *
Content: aid (Committee on Admissions and Financial Aid). 4. To review  and recommend pol
    icy guiding student organization, housing, and extracurricular activ ities
    (Committee on Student L ife). 5. To concern itself with anything the
    Faculty, students, or President refer to it, and to request that these
    bodies reconsider any policy decisions it deem s advisable. 6. To advise the
    President in the appointment of the Provost, and other m ajor officials and
    to advise the Board of Trustees in the ap pointment of the President. If no
    objection is raised, by either the ABS or the Faculty, the issue will be
    resolved by an arbitrating #  group, and resubmitted. If objec tion is
    raised a second time, the issue will go to the Arbitration Com m ittee
    (Provost, Secretary of the Senate, and the Secretary of the Faculty) and
    their decision will be com e policy upon Presidential ap proval.

Heading: COMPOSITION OF SENATE
Content: The Senate w ill consist of 15 Faculty, 8 students, and 7 officers of the
    administration. All faculty mem bers are eligible to be senators, the term
    is for two years, and no senator m ay run for

Heading: MEETINGS AND AGENDA
Content: The Senate shall normally meet twice a month, but special meet ings m ay be
    called by two sen ators, and such meetings will be open to members of the
    admin istration, alumni, faculty, students, and trustees. Any matter
    appropriate for Sen ate consideration proposed in writ ing by the President,
    Faculty, ABS, or any five members of the com munity shall be placed on the
    agenda.

Heading: COMMITTEES
Content: Faculty members will be elected by the Faculty by means of a mail ballot. The
    ABS will nominate one can didate for each Senate and Faculty com m ittee
    position, and any other student receiving 25 signatures en dorsing his
    candidacy are eligible, and their names will be placed on the ballot. The
    term of office shall be for one year for students and two years for Faculty.
    No Faculty member shall serve m ore than four con secutive years on the sam
    e com mittee. No senator shall serve on more than one committee of the
    Senate, Faculty, or the ABS at a time. No faculty member shall serve
    simultaneously on m ore than two committees of the Senate and Faculty, and
    no student on more than one. Studests make up approximately 14 of the
    membership on the Sen ate Committees, with the exception of the Committees
    of Student Life, and Supplementary Program s, where they constitute about %
    . Ad hoc committees on academic affairs shall be established only after
    notification to the Faculty and in consultation with the Fac ulty Committee
    on Elections and Membership.

Heading: AMENDMENTS
Content: Future amendments to the Sen ate m ay be proposed in the follow ing ways: 1. By
    a m ajority of the voting mem bers of the Senate; 2. By a m ajority of the
    Faculty voting; 3. By %  m ajority of the ABS voting; 4. By the President.
    Future amendments will becom e effective upon receiving, the follow ing; l.
    A %  m ajority of the voting Faculty; 2. A m ajority vote of the voting
    members of ABS; 3. The ap proval of the President.

Heading: RATIFICATION
Content: The remaining ratification pro cedures are as follows; First, the ABS shall
    accept, amend or reject the proposal. If the ABS amends or rejects the
    proposal (this seems to be the likely outcome at the mo ment), the matter
    shall be forward ed to the Conference Committee (com posed of five students
    and five Faculty) where differences will be resolved. The final document
    will then be forwarded to the Faculty and stu dent body, where a %  m
    ajority vote of students shall constitute ac ceptance. Upon Presidential
    acceptance, the Senate will then becom e oper ational. Hopefully, Robert
    Wendel

Heading: Protest
Content: To the Editor, Two weeks ago, Fabia and I visited Lewisburg. On Saturday morning
    we and four of our Lewis burg friends participated in a virgil for peace at
    the Post Office. The peace vigil was started in the fall of 1967 and it was
    our intention to continue it until the war in Viet nam ended.

Heading: PREGNANT. NEED HELP?
Content: 

Heading: PREGNANT? NEED HELP! Abortions are now legal in New
Content: 

Heading: York City up to 24 weeks. The Abortion Referral Service will
Content: 

Heading: provide a quick and inexpensive end to your pregnancy. We
Content: 

Heading: are a member of the National Organization to Legalize Abor
Content: 

Heading: tion. CALL 1-215-878-5800 for totally confidential informa
Content: 

Heading: tion! There are no shots or pills to terminate a pregnancy.
Content: 

Heading: These medications are intended to induce a late period only.
Content: 

Heading: A good medical test is your best 1st action to insure your
Content: 

Heading: chance for choice. Get a test immediately. Our pregnancy
Content: 

Heading: counseling service will provide totally confidential alterna
Content: 

Heading: tives to your pregnancy. We have a long list of those we
Content: 

Heading: have already assisted should you wish to verify this service.
Content: 

Heading: COPY OUR NUMBER FOR FUTURE REFERENCE
Content: 

Heading: 1-215-878-5800
Content: 

Heading: Right On
Content: By JERRY NORTON Well, the war continues. On that weekend, Nixon bombed North
    Viet nam. The Defense Department has admitted that the bombing was not lim
    ited to the area south of the 19th parallel. In fact, m issiles were fired
    at the Hanoi area. Further, the Administration admitted invad ing North
    Vietnam. Nixon is trying to win the war militarily. The air strikes were not
    retalitory but were used to destroy supplies stored in North Vietnam. As
    Nixon continues to " withdraw" ground troops he w ill increase bombings, "
    justifying" the air strikes as being necessary for the protection of the
    troops in Vietanm. The Administration and its war are causing havoc with the
    econ omy. When Nixon took office, one in 30 workers was unemployed. T o day,
    one in 18 workers is unem ployed. Nixon and his war must be stop ped. There
    are those who have and there are those who are willing to give their lives
    to end the war. There are those who have spent, are spending, or are risking
    long prison terms in order to end the war in Vietnam. We haven't succe eded
    yet. We need large amounts of support. I am asking that you participate in a
    peace vigil every Saturday at the Post O ffice for one hour starting at 11
    a.m. It isn't a lot to ask and it isn't enough. I could ask that you spend
    an hour each week demonstrating at the gates of the Federal prisions. I
    could ask that you not be content with dodging the draft, but resist it. 1
    do ask that you do everything you can, whether legal or not, to end the war.
    Peace, John Mahoney Jr. '69 5912 N. 12th St. Philadelphia, Pa. 19141 Nov.
    29, 1970

Heading: "THERE IS NO WEALTH
Content: 

Heading: BUT LIFE."
Content: 

Heading: Ruskin
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 11:00

Heading: K M .
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY
Content: 

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: One of the funniest things Joan Baez said in her recent Playboy interview was
    that she wasn't paying som e 80% of her taxes be cause that's how much was
    going to defense. Joan's is an extrem e example of the thinking that
    believes that there needs to be a " shift in priorities"  from  defense to
    dom estic spending, and that the defense budget is a bloated, out-of-control
    monster. In point of fact, a shift in priorities has been going on since
    1959. At that time defense expenditures were 51 percent of the total federal
    budget. By 1969 they'd declined to 44 percent, and will drop to 36 percent
    in 1971. Maybe, Joan is basing her figures on World War

Heading: n?
Content: In dollar term s, of course, the defense budget has increased. It was $46.6
    billion in 1959; it was $81.2 billion in 1969. There will be a hefty cut in
    1971, dropping it to $73.6 billion. That dollar increase has to be weighed
    against a federal budget that has grown from  under $100 billion in 1959 to
    well over $200 billion in 1971. When inflation is subtracted from  the
    defense budget, the startling fact em erges that real dollar expenditures
    for defense -- outside of Vietnam -- have grown virtually not at all for m
    ore than 10 years, and have declined considerably as a percentage of the
    federal budget and of the gross national product. Finally, as the 1971
    budget indicates, as the war winds down Viet nam spending is indeed being
    shifted not to other parts of the de fense budget, but to dom estic needs.
    This may all be good news to liberals, who see carrying out utopian schemes
    at home as m ore important than defending the country from its ." enemies,"
    who after all, are mere m irages created by the deluded minds of
    conservatives. Other countries, unfortunately for the liberal version of the
    world, have not been behaving over the past decade as though they are
    unconcerned about their m ilitary strength. The Soviet Union has been
    rapidly building its defenses to the point where Am erica's strategic lead
    of the 1950's and early '60's has dis appeared. The USSR has 220 early model
    ICBMs to Am erica's 54; 800 sm all ICBMs to Am erica's 100; 300 large ICBMs
    to Am erica's none; 300 sub launched cruise missies to Am erica's none; and,
    280 sub launched ballistic m issiles to our 656. The U.S. has 550 B-52s to
    the Soviet Union's 200 long range bom bers, but that lead in un impressive
    when the sophistication of today's anti-aircraft defense system is
    considered, not to mention the continuing phase-out of the B 5? It should
    also be noted that the Soviet warheads are generally far more powerful than
    the American. Some contend that such figures of relative strength mean
    little, since both sides have sufficient megatonnage to m ore than destroy
    each other and a good deal of the rest of the world. What they don't
    consider is that if one nation had adequate anti-missile de fenses, and the
    other didn't, most of the latters weapons would be decim ated by an enemy
    strike, and m ost of what did get off the ground would be stopped by the
    enemy's defenses. American scien tists may question the value of the ABM,
    but the Soviets have been deploying them for several years. Many people
    consider nuclear war too horrible to contem plate, but the horror of nuclear
    war is the very reason why it s impor tant to consider whether our defenses
    are adequate to discourage an enemy thought of attack. The kind of thinking
    that goes, I m against the war in Vietnam. The m ilitary is fighting the war
    in Vietnam. Therefore, I'm against the military,"  is both irrational and
    dangerous. The basic purpose of the m ilitary is to defend the country. That
    need existed before Vietnam and it will exist after Vietnam, and it's a need
    that should remain among the nation's highest prior ities, if the country is
    to survive. As House Speaker John McCormack put it, if there's going to be a
    mistake in m ilitary spending, better the mistake be on the side of m ore
    defense, not less, than is necessary.

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: s
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of living
Content: 

Heading: ...........
Content: 

Heading: You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: ask for your free copy of RAGS magazine . . . .
Content: 

Heading: EXHIBITION
Content: 

Heading: AND SALE
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY
Content: 

Heading: COLEMAN HALL
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY, DECEMBER 3
Content: 

Heading: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: CHAGALL
Content: 

Heading: BASKIN,
Content: 

Heading: ROUAULT,
Content: 

Heading: DAUMIER
Content: & MANY

Heading: OTHERS
Content: 

Heading: ARRANGED BY
Content: 

Heading: FERDINAND
Content: 

Heading: R0TEN GALLERIES
Content: 

Heading: BALTIMORE, MD.
Content: 

Heading: ORIGINAL GRAPHICS
Content: 

Heading: PURCHASES MAY BE CHARGED
Content: DECEMBER 3, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: nrmmpnmwrnm MMMfpf t

Heading: Pledge Contributions Sought
Content: 

Heading: Senior Class Gift Drive Strives for $125,000
Content: By LINDA ANNE CAPUTO According to Jeff Sengstack, pres ident of the senior
    class, nearly 90% of the seniors contacted have pledged contributions toward
    the class gift. na<<< representatives will solicit members of the class to
    collect money to be invested by the class and then given to the University
    at the tenth reunion. According to Sengstack the class is aiming for a total
    contribution to the school of about $125,000. The class president stressed
    that the major problem with the drive has been the failure of class rep.
    resentatives to reach enough mem bers of the class. Of the 175 people
    contacted 155 have pledged yearly donations. There are 564 members of the
    senior class. The solicitation committee has set a goal of $75,000 as its
    target for the 10 year drive. According to investment chairman Bruce Mur
    ker, this money will be invested in a mutual fund or similar fund each year
    in an effort to reach the final goal. Prior to the tenth reunion gift
    suggestion, questionnaires will be sent to the members of the class to allow
    them to suggest a 'significant gift' for the University. In conjunction with
    determining an appropriate gift, the officers of the class will return to
    campus be fore the class reunion to take an informal poll of students to de
    termine what they feel the campus needs at that time. From the suggestions,
    the ex ecutive committee receives, four or five alternatives will be given
    the members of the class for their decision. (Continued from Page 1) come
    from students in academic difficulty. Zeller stated, "The number of bomb
    threats seems to increase as final exams approach and work loads get
    heavieh. Unless the target is a ROTC building or similar facility, the
    Weathermen or activist groups don't seem to be in volved.'' Musser, the
    guard at the secur ity center, told officials that the voice he heard was
    probably a young male and the fact that the special campus number was called
    has led officials to believe that the caller is a student here. When asked
    why the state police were called instead of the local police Zeller said, "
    We realize that we take a chance in waiting for the state police but if
    there is a bomb we feel that there should be an ex pert on the scene to take
    care of it." Last year bomb threats became a menace on campus near the end
    of second semester causing the University security force to take special
    precautions and put extra men on duty. The extra costs

Heading: John Scoutten Dies,
Content: 

Heading: Killed in Anto Crash
Content: John Davis Scoutten '70 was killed in an automobile accident outside Sunbury
    last Tuesday evening at 11:30. He was returning from a reserves meeting.
    Scoutten was driving a 1970 fete coup on the Miles Post Road 4% miles
    outside of Sunbury when his car skidded out of control and slid sideways
    into a concrete bridge abuttment. He was pronounced dead on arrival in
    Sunbury Com munity Hospital by Dr. Henry Ul rich Northumberland County Coro
    ner. He was 22 years of age. Scoutten graduated with a bache lor of arts
    degree in history. While attending the University he be longed to Phi Gamma
    Delta fra ternity.

Heading: Bomb Threat
Content: amounted to approximately $15,000 of the University's final $370,000 deficit.
    Zeller commented, " I hope that it won't require an amount of mon ey as high
    as that figure, but in an emergency extra men will have to be used to secure
    University fa cilities. At Penn State they have already had about 25 threats
    this year."

Heading: Guest Speakers
Content: (Continued from Page 1) North Vietnamese provinces in v/hich Americans had never
    been before. They had conversations with government leaders, peasants, sol
    diers and representatives of various committees, including the Women's
    Union, the Youth Committee, and the Journalists' Union. Their trip also
    included visits to decentralized factories, farming co operatives, an
    experimental school, militia units and theatrical and musical presentations.
    They were in Hanoi during the celebration of the 25th anniversary of the
    founding of the Vietnamese liberation move ment and attended the activities
    surrounding this event. In South Vietnam they observed the situation in
    Saigon and the at tempts of the Saigon students to end the war. Both Avirgan
    and Miss Westover have been active in the peace movement for several years.
    Miss Westover worked with the Phila delphia Resistance, the National Action-
    Research on the Military- Industrial Complex ('NARMIC) and the Students
    National Co-ordinating Committee, she also organized Omega U., a free
    resistance school. Avirgan helped found the Phila delphia Resistance. After
    turning in his draft card and refusing in duction, he was indicted and spent
    several years fighting the govern ment through the courts. The case was
    finally dropped. Avirgan has worked with the New Mobilization and is
    presently on the national steering committees of Resist and

Heading: NARMIC.
Content: 

Heading: Appropriations
Content: (Continued from Page 1) funded directly by the University. The Student
    Information Service and the Photography Club are new organizations this
    semester and the funds they have requested will be mainly used to buy
    equipment. The Student Information Service is utilizing its funds to install
    two " hotline" phones and a private line for placing outside calls, for in
    formation on drugs and birth con trol, for pregnancy test kits and for
    general operating expenses. It is also looking into the possibility of
    offering no-interest loans to stu dents needing money in an em ergency. The
    Men's Intramurals organiza tion appealed their request from last spring to
    obtain money for trophies for the winners of the various intramural sports.
    Hie Waterpolo Club raised $200 of the money they needed to operate this year
    before appealing their budget request. Tristram, the Intercollegiate De bate
    Society and the Bison Pep Band have re-organized since last May and came
    before the appro priations committee for the first time this fall. The
    Independent Men's group was formally funded by the Men's Co ordinating
    Council. When this or ganization dissolved they gave $500 to the ABS to be
    used specifically for the requests of independent men. Although their
    request for funds for the purpose of holding a Christmas formal is against
    the new guidelines, the committee de cided the special circumstance
    warranted giving them the funds this year. Any money left over in an organ
    ization's budget at the end of the current fiscal year is automatically
    returned to the ABS treasury to be re-allocated for the next year.

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Friday, December 4 ,,  ... 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services Meditation Oiapel 8:00 p.m.
    Hilltop: " Kind Hearts and Coronets ^ ^ Vaugh^ LitJUJd. 8:30 pm . Cap &
    Dagger: "The Serpent" Coleman Hall Theatre Saturday, December 5 1.00 and
    Wrestling vg Rutgers (<<a >> and Varsity) Davis Gymnasium Varsity vs.
    Freshman Swimming Freas-Rooke Pool Cap & Dagger: "The Serpent" Coleman Hall
    Theatre Freshman Basketball vs. Lockhaven Davis Gymnasium Varsity Basketball
    vs. Rider ,Davls Cap & Dagger: " The Serpent" Coleman Hall Theatre 30 a.m. ^
    S e L  The Rev. Mr. James E. Gardner J ^ ,kf  Ch^ 1 00 p.m. Bucknell Jazz
    Band Concert Vau^an Lit. Aud. 00 p.m. Reception and Opening of the Oriental
    ^ Col'ect'"  deg*

Heading: P
Content: Prof Gladys Cook Bertrand L*rary 4:00 p.m. Catholic Mass . g g 7:30 pm . Chapel
    Chior Candlelight Service & & O m * 8:00 pm . Poetry Reading by Sonia
    Sanchez Vaughan Lit. Library Monday, December 7 . 4:45 p.m. Bucknell
    University Faculty Meeting 7:00 p.m. Family Swim Night 7:30 p.m. Chapel
    Chior Candlelight Service 8:0 p.m. English Dept. Film: " 8% " 8:00 p.m.
    Scholars' Club: Prof. Richard Hesry: 2:30 p.m. 1:30 p.m. 2:00 p.m. 6:15 p.m.
    8:00 p.m. 8:30 p.m. Sunday, December 6 10 : Vaughan Lit. Aud. Freas-Rooke
    Pool Rooke Chapel Vaughan Lit. Aud. Where Is Memory" University Lounge Dr.
    tell the local community what we are doing to solve our problems." "We would
    also,"  he continued, "promote local and regional en vironmental programs in
    conjunc tion with the Institute." Dr. Marchand has also proposed " that the
    committee consist of 7 faculty members, 5 students, the Director of the
    Institute of Regional Affairs, and the Vice-President for Business and
    Finance." He indicated that President Charles H. Watts; Dr. Wendell L Smith,
    Provost; and Mr. John ZeL ler, vice-president for business and finance, have
    expressed interest and support for the general idea. He is optimistic that
    such a commit tee will meet with university ap proval. When voting on the
    motion, the faculty will also be considering Dr. Marchand's proposal " that
    this committee be incorporated into the University Senate Proposal as a
    University committee by the facul- ty-ABS Conference Committee."

Heading: AAU P
Content: 

Heading: C o rs a g e s  --  C u t F lo w e rs
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 M a r k e t S tre e t
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: 

Heading: James Taylor t a r t
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL GUEST
Content: 

Heading: Mimi Farina
Content: 

Heading: Saturday, Dee. 12,8:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: M A Y S E R  C E N TE R
Content: 

Heading: F R A N K U N  &  M A R S H A L L  C O L L E G E
Content: 

Heading: LANCASTER. PA.
Content: 

Heading: All Tickets
Content: 

Heading: $ 4 .0 0 .
Content: 

Heading: --Mail orders to Student Union j
Content: 

Heading: Board. F & M College, Lancaster, Penna.
Content: 

Heading: Ticket Locations in Lancaster: F & M Switchboard,
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: Stan's Record Bar, West Side Shop. In York: Disc
Content: 

Heading: 1 World, Central Ticket.
Content: 

Heading: Recess Motion
Content: (Continued from Page 1) such a change. A "rump session," which they say is
    developing dur ing the time period between the Thanksgiving recess and
    finals, should be eliminated, and a recess earlier in the semester would be
    an effective means of eliminating it. Such a recess would balance the spring
    break, which divides the second semester more evenly. This change would also
    be more of a recess than a holiday. Aca demic activities on campus would
    still be encouraged during that week, and the campus facilities would be
    kept open for use both by the students and faculty if they wished to use
    them. The resolution will be submitted to the Faculty Committee on
    Scheduling for their comments and suggestions about the feasibility of
    instituting such a plan. The Associa tion for Bucknell Students and the
    Registrar will also receive a copy of the resolution for their com ments.
    Suggestions are to be reported to the faculty so that action may be taken on
    the resolution by March, 1971 faculty meeting. IIIIM im ilM IIIIM IIH M M IM
    tIIM M Itm iM ItIfllM IM tIIM IItM It

Heading: LEWISBURG INN
Content: Luncheon--12:00 to 2:00 Dinner 5:30 to 8:00 p.m. Sunday Dinner 12:00 to 2:30
    only --Early American Atmosphere- 101 Market Street, Lewisburg, Pa.

Heading: CLOSED MONDAY
Content: Tuesday, December 8 12:30 p.m. Contact Lecture-Discussion mas Star" 4:45 p.m.
    Catholic Mass 7:00 p.m. Intercollegiate Debate Society

Heading: Environment Group
Content: (Continued from Page 1) responsibilities would be to pre pare and distribute a
    comprehen sive analysis of the University, at the present time, as a
    functioning ecological system." "This would entail,"  explained Dr.
    Marchand, " considering the University as an environment, a natural lab in
    which the problems of environment could be studied." In order to do this,
    arbitrary land boundaries for the University would be selected. Within this
    area, stud ies of such things as the water, air, quantity of green space,
    and biological productivity would be made to determine what the Uni versity
    is as an ecological system in 1970. Dr. Marchand stressed the im portance of
    " a comprehensive an alysis of the University at the pres ent time"  for two
    reasons. First, such an analysis would provide a basis for future periodical
    com parison, in regard to rate and de gree of change in the environment. And
    an awareness of the environ ment's present state is needed be fore concrete
    recommendations for action can be made. The committee would also be re
    sponsible for soliciting the co-op eration of all facets of the Univer sity
    community, academic and non- academic, " in formulating environ mental
    objectives for the system." Dr. Marchand sees this as " a unique possibility
    for a community which is more highly educated, aware, and smaller than the
    aver age community, to cope with en vironmental problems." Dr. Marchand is
    particularly in terested in the committee's respon sibility " to encourage
    faculty and student research in various aspects of the system and to
    coordinate all such efforts." " Using the University as a lab oratory
    provides numerous oppor tunities for research at all levels," he continued.
    He is hopeful that such courses as economics and bus iness adminitration
    could introduce such marketing problems as recyc ling paper, metal, and
    glass pro ducts in this area. He noted that biology, geology, chemistry and
    ci vil engineering are of particular relevance to studying the local sys
    tem. Another example given was that of an ecological student who could use
    the University as a base for monitoring air, rather than a problem from an
    isolated and sep arate area. The committee would also co-op- erate with the
    Institute for Region al Affairs. Dr. Marchand explained that "this would
    provide us with a means to publish our findings, to Emil Polak: " The
    Christ- New Dorm Pit Rooke Chapel Vaughan Lit. 203

Heading: top
Content: 

Heading: u n u  JLm yyci *
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: ---
Content: 

Heading: ^--
Content: 

Heading: 'Serpent' Offers Escape from Traditional Productions;
Content: 

Heading: Stresses Individual Response and Emotional Reactions
Content: 

Heading: . ..
Content: 

Heading: ii
Content: 

Heading: narcrmul invnlvp-
Content: n nrtitn ce

Heading: in
Content: D u ttin s

Heading: the show
Content: togeth- By DAVID HAMMER and JACKIE STUBBA Tonight marks the premier per formance
    at this university of The Serpent, an Open Theatre produc tion by Jean-
    Claude van Itallie. Unlike the " traditional" play, The Serpent is
    relatively experimental in nature. Trevor Lewis its director, remarked that,
    indeed, the produc tion " is certainly new. Most theatre goers here haven't
    been exposed to this kind of dynamic, exciting theatre."  The experimental
    nature of the play can be defined by major, inherent differences wiQiin the
    pro duction which set it apart from other dramatic undertakings. One
    difference resides in audience seating. An "environmental"  arena- type
    situation, created by platforms and chairs, is constructed on stage for the
    audience. The resulting, close, proximity of the performers

Heading: Debate Society
Content: 

Heading: Stages Revival
Content: to the audience allows greater com munication and " rapport" between actors and
    individuals looking on. Personal Appeal Developing a sense of closeness and
    imminent-immediate interac- ence to " let go of any and all pre conceived
    notions of traditional theatre." The director explains that those who " come
    to see a tradi tional' play will be looking for all the wrong things and,
    possibly, miss audience seating, personal involve ment is, then, further
    heightened during the performance. With the play focusing upon an
    exploration of myths, a unique theatrical ex perience unfolds. Future Effect
    What will be the effect this pro duction can have on future Cap and Dagger
    undertakings? Lewis predicted that more " experimental' plays may be waiting
    in the wings Certainly, if this production is ac cepted by the university,
    Cap and Dagger may attempt more perform ances of its kind. Although Lewis
    directed one of van Itallie's productions last year (Interview), he found
    The Serpent a new, and different, challenge. One reason is that this script
    " gives only a skeletal outline on which the director must build."
    Therefore, interpretation is of the utmost im portance in putting the show
    togeth er. Working Together Lewis further explained that the interpretation
    on the part of the di rector must be coupled with " flex ibility cn the part
    of the cast." Obviously, with the closeness of the production, the strength
    of the show rests upon a " group of people who have a seise of working
    together." And it is working together which the cast experienced weeks
    before formal rehearsals, as the members improvised in order to " develop an
    ensemble feeling," in Lewis' words. Due to the limited seating capac ity
    (200 persons per show), Cap and Dagger will present six per formances:
    December 3-5 and Dec. 10 and 11 at 8:30 p.m., with a 2 p.m. matinee this
    Saturday. Tick ets are priced at $2.00 and reduced to $1.00 with an ID.

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THF. BUCKNELLIAN
Content: DECEMBER 3, 1970

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for Christmas, Easier or summer?
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities, economic flights, discounts.
Content: 

Heading: Write for information (air mail).
Content: 

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street, Newport. LW ,, England
Content: (Continued from Page 1) the AAUP statement but has not formally adopted it. The
    chapter feels that it would be advantageous to formally adopt it because it
    provides a guideline for the professor to follow. Currently there are two
    means of evaluating a teacher; the " grape vine" and recommendations from
    department chairman. If the 1940 statement were to be adopted, there would
    be much more concrete means of evaluation of a professor for tenure and
    other pur poses. The 1940 statement insures pro fessors of full freedom in
    the re search and publication of articles as well as freedom in the class
    room to discuss his subject and introduce controversial material if it is in
    relation to his subject. 1 The guidelines go on to ask that professors be
    free from censorship by the institution but caution pro fessors that they
    must be careful how they present their views and explaining that they do not
    rep resent the University when they speak publicly. The proposal says that
    tenure should be given after a probation ary period and should only be term
    inated 'for adequate cause except in the case of retirement for age, or
    under extraordinary circumstances because of financial exigencies.' The
    statements asks that the exact terms and conditions of the appointment be
    known to both the teacher and school. 4 Also included are suggestions for
    the length of probation period (seven years) along with proce- edures if a
    professor leaves one in stitution for another, plus a pro vision that
    "notice should be given at least one year prior to the ex piration of the
    probationary period if the teacher is not to be continued in service after
    the expiration of that period." The guidelines also provide pro ceedings for
    appealing dismissals to insure that faculty members are heard. By KARL BLAKE
    After remaining relatively dor mant for two years, the univers ity's
    Intercollegiate Debating So ciety has revived, and is thriving. In an
    invitational speech and de bate tournament held at Susque hanna University
    on November 7, a four-man team, composed of Michael Baron, Rich Kleinert,
    Betty Willet and Steve Valenti, won the first-place trophy in speech. St.
    John's University won the trophy for debate. Baron, Kleinert and Willet com
    peted in the category of Extem poraneous Speaking, ami Valenti was entered
    in the Original Ora tory category. Forty-two schools from through out the
    Northeast participated in the tournament, officially known as the " Dutchman
    Forensic Classic" and the " Delta Sigma Rho-Tau Kappa Alpha Forensic Tourna
    ment" New Members The society now has ten members and is still seeking new
    members who are interested either in debate and speech, or in helping with
    re search and typing. During the past two years, a dearth of student
    interest caused a sharp decline in the society s activity. Early this year,
    however, freshman Steve Valenti and other interested students contacted Dr.
    Frank Merritt, who has been coach of the debating society here for over
    twenty years, and set about reorganizing the moribund organi zation. An ABS
    appropriation has en abled the group to join the Associa tion of Debating
    Societies of Pen nsylvania Colleges. During the second semester, they will
    be par ticipating in several debate and speech tournaments sponsored by the
    association, as well as in other tournaments (such as one which will be held
    during the first week of February at St. John's University in Jamacia, N.Y.)
    National Topic The society's present concern at its weekly meetings, held
    Tuesday evenings at 7 p.m. in 203 Vaughan Lit., is preparation for these
    tour naments. At most of the meetings, the participants will be concerned
    with the topic chosen this year as the official national debate topic: "
    Should the United States establish a system of compulsory wage-and- price
    controls?" Each participating team must have prepared affirmative and neg
    ative cases on the issue. 1 Competitiveness The advantages of formal debate
    over the informal discussion of the classroom, according to the re juvenated
    society's principal organ izer, Steve Valenti, are " the op portunity to
    participate in a com petitive area other than athletics" and the "
    intellectual discipline" which comes from dealing with a single topic in a
    systematic and organized fashion. And, possibly be cause of these
    advantages, the De bating Society has, this year, shown ample signs of life.
    "The Serpent' cast members work together to develop flexibility and an
    'ensemble feeling,' in order to draw the audience into the production. Both
    audience and players share the stage to encourage greater ties and higher
    emotional expression, in the Cap and Dagger production being performed
    tonight, tomorrow night and Saturday night at 8:30 p.m. much of what The
    Serpent attempts

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: authorized dealers of Keepsake diamonds
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market St.
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: tion, those watching will be able to respond as individuals rather than as "
    group." Lewis emphasizes that the effect will mean much more to the
    observer: he will find himself "drawn into the production, and emotionally
    moved in a 'good' way; he will experience nothing like a violent shock, but
    a quiet, moving sort of thing." For this reason, Lewis feels that The
    Serpent has a definite personal appeal, and would advise the audi. to
    achieve and convey." Another factor designating this play as different from
    " tradition al"  theatre (stressed in an earlier article of The Bucknellian)
    is the production's taking " drama back to its original form--the ritual."
    Consequently, the audience is not confronted with familiar plot-move ment
    but, rather, with a string of experiences, impressions and en counter.
    Coupled with (he unique iwiiitiiinniiiTrBtiijiwiiiwii'iiiif'ii j .
    ............ > .................. -------------------------

Heading: Happenings o f Note
Content: 

Heading: Chapel Service
Content: There will be a communion ser vice this Sunday at 10:30 a.m. in Rooke Chapel.
    Rev. Gardner will deliver the sermon on " The Birth of Christ in the Age of
    Abortion."

Heading: Jan Plan
Content: There is an opening for one more participant in the January Plan on college
    administration. If inter ested contact Dean Risch or June Heistand.

Heading: Birth Control
Content: Anyone interested in helping with the birth control information center is urged
    to attend a meeting at 22 South 5th Street tonight at 8 p.m.

Heading: Formal
Content: " Christmas Wonderland," the Christmas Formal sponsored by In dependent Men,
    will be held on Sun day, December 13, at the Holiday Inn in Shamokin Dam.
    This year's formal includes din ner and dancing and will begin at 6:45 p.m.
    and end at 1:00 a.m. Tickets and information will be available at the
    Bookstore and the cafeterias from Monday through Wednesday. Formal dress is
    not required. Transportation will be provided. Those with questions may con
    tact Don Thompson at 1646 after 4:00 p.m.

Heading: Japanese
Content: The Center for Japanese Studies plans to sponsor an Intensive Elementary
    Japanese Language course as part of the January pro gram. It will be taught
    by Miss Shinoda with the assistance of Miss Kawano and will last for three
    weeks.

Heading: ^:,,x--x-<~x--x~x~x"x~x~x-*
Content: 

Heading: BUCK'S SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: 24-- hour Towing
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1132
Content: 

Heading: *X>x-x~x--x~x-*x'-x--x~:-*x"x*
Content: 

Heading: When you know
Content: 

Heading: it's for keeps
Content: 

Heading: Happily, all your special moments together will be
Content: 

Heading: symbolized forever by your engagement and
Content: 

Heading: wedding rings. If the name, Keepsake is in the
Content: 

Heading: ring and on the tag, you are assured of fine quality
Content: 

Heading: and lasting satisfaction. The engagement
Content: 

Heading: diamond is flawless, of superb color, and precise
Content: 

Heading: cut. Your Keepsake Jeweler has a selection of
Content: 

Heading: many lovely styles. He's in the yellow
Content: 

Heading: pages under "Jewelers."
Content: 

Heading: R E G I S T E R E D
Content: 

Heading: D I A M O N D
Content: 

Heading: R I N G S
Content: Rings Iron, $100 to $10,000. T-M Reg. A. H. Pond Company T--" .--"  --  --  --
    " - -- ^  --

Heading: HOW TO PLAN YO UR E N G A G E M E N T  AND W ED D IN G
Content: Please send new  20 p ag e  b o o k le t, "P la n n in g  Y ou r E ngagem ent
    and W e d d in g " a nd fu ll c o lo r fo ld e r, b o th  fo r o nly 25c. A
    lso , te ll m e how to  o b ta in  the b e a u t,fu l 44 p a g e  B rid e 's
    Keepsake Book a t h a lf p ric e . I" ,u

Heading: North Front Street
Content: 

Heading: 17 Bound Avenue
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: 7 4 2 -9 3 9 2
Content: 

Heading: 7 4 2 -8 8 1 8
Content: 

Heading: !
Content: 

Heading: D A N 'S
Content: 

Heading: USED
Content: 

Heading: FU R N ITU R E
Content: 

Heading: MILTON, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: HOURS: MON., TUES., THURS., FRI., 1:00 TO 9:00 P.M. SAT. 9:00 A:M : TO 5:00 P.M.

Heading: CLOSED AIL. DAY WED.
Content: City- U C E E P S A K E D IA M O N D R IN G S . B O X I 0 , SY R A C U S E . N
    .Y . 1 3 2 0 1 | BDK 01 DECEMBER 3, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: 

Heading: #Jp<<-
Content: U!gnM MM M MNU i u

Heading: A 'Hollywood' Triumph
Content: 

Heading: 'Airport' Production
Content: 

Heading: Fails and Succeeds
Content: 

Heading: Conscientious Objection Gives
Content: 

Heading: Alternatives to Armed Services
Content: 

Heading: Schumacher's Raiders
Content: By DAN MARTIN Airport is a difficult film  to re view. As I look back upon .it,
    I cannot fail to notice its many weak nesses, including m ajor failings such
    as poor acting and weak plot structure. Yet, neither can I deny the fact
    that I enjoyed the film  in general, and that it held m y in terest
    throughout. The film  is, at brat, episodic. It presents to its audience the
    life- stories of alm ost a dozen characters, with the inevitable effect !of
    an overall sketchiness which fails to develop all but one for perhaps tw o)
    of the cast members. While this technique was used quite ef fectively in the
    novel by Arthur Haley, it leaves the m ovie-goer with little more than a
    feeling of emptiness or confusion. Burt Lancaster is passable, but far from
    excellent. The remainder of the star-studded cast is reduced to near
    anonymity, if only by vir tue of the uninspiring and minimal parts awarded
    them. With few exceptions, the big names performing in sm all roles, coupled
    with the episodic tendency o f the film , add up to a melo dram atic
    presentation which is saved only by a few  good effects. Why, then, is
    Airport worth see ing? Perhaps many people w ill feel that it is a total
    waste o f their tim e, but I am still not disappointed with the fact that I
    spent the money to see it. It may have been my m ood on the night I was at
    the theatre and perhaps I would have enjoyed any film  which had been
    projected on the screen. Yet I feel that there are some qualities of Airport
    which helped to counteract the failures noted above and make it worth m y
    while. Helen Hayes was excellent. The character she portrays is undoubt-
    iwiiMmMinMnM nwW HiMillMiiillW ii--

Heading: Color Productions Present
Content: 

Heading: IN CONCERT
Content: 

Heading: Blood, Sweat&Tears
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAY, DECEMBER S
Content: 

Heading: FARM SHOW ARENA HBG., PA.
Content: 

Heading: $5.00 Advance ticket purchase
Content: 

Heading: $6.00 Door ticket price
Content: edly the funniest and m ost de lightful in the film , and the epi sodes in which
    she is involved are a great help in keeping the action alive. Also
    maintaining the pace of the film  are several minor characters such as the
    priest, whose sm all pleasant roles are not intended to expose the depths of
    their person alities. Airport is also a generally ex citing account of an
    airplane dis aster, if only in the scenes directly dealing with the craft
    itself.

Heading: I
Content: had the unmistakable impression that the entire theater in which I saw the film
    was apprehensive and ex cited during the latter half of the film  as I. If
    Airport is depressing on an in tellectual level, it at least partially
    compensates in the emotional effect it produces. There is no doubt that
    Airport could have been adapted a bit better to the screen. Perhaps, though,
    the faulty version which is currently playing at The Campus, has some m
    erit, and those who have missed and still enjoy a Hollywood production will
    favor it still. Each week, tlie entire population of this University awaits
    " Private Eye,"  that dauntless column which announces all reported
    pinnings, en gagements and/or weddings. But, without your support, this
    column cannot, in any way, survive. If you can't get pinned, engaged or wed
    then (at the very least) send in a note of your friend's getting any (or
    all) of the above: Please keep those cards and letters com ing in, folks, to
    " Private E ye,"  c /o  Box W-157.

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WELL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    Area Code 717 A sm all fee is charged

Heading: Let's Get It Straight
Content: 

Heading: WHAT DO YOO WEIGH?
Content: Two youngsters were weighing themselves. One puffed him self out like a little
    frog, to try to weigh more. His friend shoved him o ff the scales. " That
    won't do Any'good, you phony. You can only weigh what yon are. Kids go
    right.to the heart o f the matter, don't they? Take religion, for instance.
    It seems to be the thing of- the hour. Almost everyone professes some kind o
    f reli gion. But it's the motive be hind it that counts. It's all very well
    to put on our coins, "In God we trust," and to ob serve all the external
    form s o f worship, but remember, "Man looks on the outward appearance, but
    God looks on the heart"  If we serve God out of fear or a desire to ap pear
    religious to others, we're trying to weigh more than we are. The man or
    woman who serves Him out o f love does not go around bragging about it, but
    lets others do the talking -- and the more glory they give to God for the
    Christian's actions the better. True religion, then, is not centering our
    attention on rites and ceremonies, or on good deeds done to impress others,
    but on what is within the heart, what

Heading: can
Content: be seen by God alone; The Bible speaks o f " pure and undefiled religion."  Have
    you got it? You may do a great deal o f good, and even lead others to the
    road to heaven without being on it yourself. The grace o f God and
    forgiveness for sin can not be earned. They are the free g ift of God to
    those who believe in Jesus Christ, who alone can make you what you ought to
    be. Only as He gives you a change o f heart will your religious service be
    ac ceptable to Him. First He must do for you, and then what you do for Him
    will be pleasing in His sight. For free booklet, " W hat

Heading: I
Content: s

Heading: T
Content: rue

Heading: R
Content: eligion ?", write to B O X  327. RID G EFIELD , N. J. 07657. D e p t BU By DEAN
    LANDEW Features Editor's Note: This is the first of a  two-part series on
    toe conscientious objector and the draft. Upon turning 18 years of age,
    every m ale citizen of this country is faced with the prospect of the draft.
    Of the many different ways a man can decide to deal with the draft, possibly
    the least considered and understood alternative is con scientious objection.
    As late a s last spring, a con scientious objector, by law, was " by the
    reason of religious train ing and belief, conscientiously op posed to
    participation in war in any form." Form erly, " religious training and
    belief"  did not include " essentially political, sociological, or philoso
    phical views, or a m erely personal m oral code." Within the year, however,
    Curtis Tarr, director of the Selevtive Ser vice System, has expanded these
    qualifications to include m oral or philosophical beliefs. Regardless of the
    new ruling, a draft board is only in a position to judge sincerity.
    Therefore, a CO claim ant need not belong to an established religion,
    although his case then becom es decidedly harder to prove. As for
    established sects, Quakers and Jehovah's Witnesses are gen erally
    acknowledged to em brace " peace"  ideologies as opposed to Catholics,
    Protestants and Jews. There are two types of COs. (hie is com pletely exempt
    from  service in the m ilitary structure and is de ferred for two years of
    civilian work " contributing to the ainten- ance of national health, safety,
    or interest (1-0 status)." For example, this might entail working in a
    hospital or teaching in a ghetta school. The other type of CO must serve in
    the m ilitary but only in a noncombatant role (I-A-O). Currently, a number
    of men who have attained this status serve as m edics in Vietnam. The 1-0
    status is possibly the m ore difficult one to attain. Many questions arise
    concerning the na ture of violence and self-defense, and many draft boards
    ask ques tions of historical or political na ture designed to find fault in
    the position of the CO claimant. Even if the CO claim ant con siders his
    draft board's questions irrelevant, he must be prepared to give som e sort
    of response to any questions posed to him. For the men who may be con
    sidering the alternative of con scientious objection or who may be
    interested in knowing what this position entails, the following ques tions
    are often encountered. Each question is followed by an interpre- tive
    response designed to orient the potential CO. Do yon object to all wars or
    only to particular wars? This question is posed in different ways, m ost
    frequently as " Do you believe there is such a thing as a just w ar?"  and "
    Are you a selec tive objector?" The question is crucial because the law
    states that the claimant must object to participation in all wars. (However,
    this issue will probably com e before the Supreme Court in 1971 and may be
    over turned.) Many young m en are only selec tive objectors, specifically to
    the Vietnam war. The many ram ifica tions of a lim ited land war fought on
    foreign soil for a cause not di rectly related to Am erica's national
    security makes Vietnam a unique war, is a sense, on which the CO claim ant
    must pass judgment. Selective objectors typically state that they see no
    justification to fight in Vietnam but that they would have fought for the
    Allied cause in World War II. The true CO, however, might re solve the issue
    of a just war by transcending the historical and po litical conditions im
    posed. In other words, to many COs, any war means mass, organized, premedi
    tated killing, and as such, is a total affront to the higher concept of
    Creation and human dignity. Would you have fought Hitler? This question
    might follow  the preceding one. A draft board could easily conclude that
    had Hitler not been fought off, the CO claim ant would quite possibly not
    even be able to take a legal stance against conscription. Many COs consider
    this question irrelevant and simply refuse to answer it. Others state they
    might have fought Hitler if they had been of draft age in 1940, but that the
    current circumstances surrounding nuclear escalation have rendered the
    possibility of another Hitler like threat obsolete. Other COs combine these
    two responses in hopes of presenting the m ost unassailable argument. They
    state that they can only re late to present circum stances and could not
    state with absolute au thority whether they could justify fighting Hitler..
    As such they be lieve that their convictions in a past or future time could
    be quite different and that they can only stand by what they currently be
    lieve, which would be a rejection of all wars.

Heading: * to *
Content: How would you account for toe many wars in Christias-Judao his tory? This
    question implies what it is often difficult to apply as a CO if one does not
    belong to a religion generally regarded as pacifistic. However, the CO
    claimant, if he is sincere, will probably be able to cite numerous instances
    of " peace ful"  ideology in the Christian-Judao religions, further stating
    that he em braces such examples as the basis of his belief. For instance,
    many people do not know that David was not condoned by God for slaying
    Goliath, and was, in fact, denied access to prayer. * * * In what instances
    would you re sort to violence? A CO just beginning to research his position
    might im mediately answer, " None."  If so, draft boards have a variety of
    questions which tax the CO more specifically, such as " What would you if
    there were a sudden Communist invasion?"  or " What would you do if your
    mother were being raped?" Much like the W orld W ar H ques tion, a CO might
    claim  that certain unforeseeable circumstances would have to surround a "
    sudden Com munist invasion."  Thus, a CO might again deem  such a question
    ir relevant, im possible to answer or inconceivable at the present. The
    issue of self-defense is of utmost importance to the CO. Many COs actually
    take a pragm atic rather than an idealistic position here. They claim  not
    to be God like; instead, they admit their human fallibility but state that a
    spontaneous circum stance such as that posed by a rapist or a hom i cidal
    maniac could never be equat ed with the m ass, organized, pre meditated
    violence of a war for a particular cause. In other words, a CO could state
    that he obviously regards his life just as sacred as that of anyone else,
    and that he only desires to avoid all circum stances where he will be forced
    to kill or em ploy violence, regardless of the cuase. Of course, these
    questions and re sponses can only serve as a guide. The CO position is
    entirely indivi dual, and no " formula"  answers really exist. The question
    of sin cerity of conviction and conscienct is ultimately the m ost important
    issue.

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: DECEMBER 3, 1970

Heading: Join
Content: 

Heading: the Cassette
Content: 

Heading: Revolution!
Content: 

Heading: ...study for exams with cassettes now!
Content: 

Heading: You'll never want to study any other way!
Content: Each cassette is a full one-hour recording of all the impor tant content
    material taught in college courses, based on the !most widely-used
    textbooks. READY NOW: Introductory Psychology Educational Psychology
    Abnormal Psychology AVAILABLE SOON: Afro-American History Introductory
    Physics, I Introductory Economics Introductory Philosophy American
    Government English Composition Basic Statistics Introductory Sociology
    Introductory Anthropology Social Psychology Personal Adjustment and Mental
    Hygiene Child Development Available at your local bookstore.

Heading: CASSETTE PACKAGE*: $6.95
Content: *each package contains: one-hour cassette, an outline of the contents, a
    bibliography of the standard textbooks I for the course, and a detailed
    glossary with definitions for self-testing. COLLEGE CASSETTE OUTLINE SERIES

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: noil
Content: 

Heading: mnenart antf Winston. Inc.
Content: 383 Madison Avenue, New York 10017

Heading: ..rivia.
Content: The first telephone call m ade by Alexander Graham Bell was a call for help when
    he spilled acid on his clothes. The barnacle starts life as one of 10,000 m
    icroscopic eggs, then grows into a tiny crab-like organism, and finally
    attaches itself to som e ob ject where it remains permanently. i The lights
    in the Meditation | Chapel in Rooke Chapel are im printed with the letters
    BU. Read m ore or less regularly by 25 percent of toe adults, Reader's *r j
    Digest is by far toe most popular magazine in toe white South. If you should
    stumble upon any trivialities, relating to this Uni versity or the big world
    in general, please send them at once to " Trivial," c /o  Box B-729. The "
    Trivial"  fans all across the Uni versity will love you for it

Heading: HAVE THE
Content: 

Heading: LOW EST CO ST
Content: 

Heading: SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION .
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: Scheduled
Content: 

Heading: Immediately.
Content: 

Heading: (212) 490-3600
Content: 

Heading: 24 HOURS--365 DAYS
Content: 

Heading: professional scheduling
Content: 

Heading: servicess, inc.
Content: 

Heading: 545 fifth avenue, new york,
Content: 

Heading: n . y. 10017
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: Grapplers
Content: 

Heading: Gird for Battle
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: l W O T t f m i

Heading: B B S
Content: (r)Ep|i!

Heading: U
Content: Coach Richard Schu macher su p e rv ise s while Walt Molawka and Don D a n cer
    grapple out their dif ferences. (photo by Dave Simpson) By JIM NORTHRIDGE
    Head wrestling coach Richard Schumacher is looking forward to his first
    season as a coach with great anticipation. He is overjoyed with the enthus
    iasm generated by this year's squad so far. " We've been stressing condition
    ing in practice and I now feel we can go for a full eight minute bout with
    anybody. We've also been working on the fundamentals and this, coupled with
    the bread and butter moves the boys have retain ed from high school should
    be our squad's strength." This year's lineup is young and relatively
    inexperienced but Coach Schumacher is confident that his team will deliver.
    A freshman, Tom Wason, will lead off this year's lineup at 118. Tom  has no
    weight problems as he doesn't even weigh 118 soaking wet. Schumacher terms
    Wason as a " tremendous sleeper." Tom just keeps moving till the other guy
    drops dead and despite his lack of size and strength he has a winning
    attitude. Senior Steve Coleman returns af ter a year's layoff at 126. " Bab
    bler"  is big for a 126 pounder but lacks bulk strength. His experi ence
    should be extrem ely valuable to the team. One of the best grapplers on the
    team is Mark Ramage. At 134 this junior is exceptionally powerful and fast.
    Schumacher feels that, " Ramage has the potential to be undefeated in dual m
    eets this year." Ramage is an excellent offensive wrestler and will provide
    many ex citing m atches for Bison fans. Following at 142 is junior Tom
    Rivoire. Last year's MAC champ at 150, Tom elected to m ove down a weight
    class on his own for the good of the team. Coach Schumacher goes into su
    perlatives over Tom , " He's the hardest worker on the team.

Heading: A
Content: real blood and guts type of wrest ler, anyone who wrestles Tom  will know they
    were in a battle, and have the scars to prove it." Sophomore Don " Stanley"
    Dan- ser will hold his own at 140. Don is from  Easton, Pa., and therefore
    has one of the better wrestling backgrounds on the team. He's the toughest
    on his feet and possesses a superb sense of bal ance. An unorthodox but
    strongly cap able grappler is a capsulated de scription of Soph A1 Loesch at
    158. Evidence of how well Loesch can do this year m ay be seen in the East
    Stroudsburg Open where A1 pinned two opponents. Jim Schultz is a go-getter,
    hard- nosed sophomore wrestling at 167. His size, strength, and polished m
    oves provide a favorable outlook for the Bisons. The only thing freshman
    George Ballentine lacks at 177 is exper- Working out in toe m at room in
    preparation for their next match are Don Dancer, Mark Ramage and John " Jag"
    Gardner. (photo by Dave Simpson) lence. A sectional champ in last year's Pa.
    state tournament, Coach Schu macher feels that George should com e into his
    own by the end of the season. Another freshman, Jack Sauer, will hold down
    the 190 pound slot. Jack cam e out late due to a broken hand but should
    prove to be a strong addition to the squad. Sophomore Ed Jones and junior
    Stan Durtan are late arrivals to the team also because of football and both
    will battle it out for the heavyweight slot. Jones finished second in the
    New England prep school tournament 2 years ago while Durtan is " very big,
    strong, and very quick. The Bison backups are few in number. Senior Walt
    Molawka at 150 has seen action on the varsity before and will be pushing
    hard all season for the top spot. Freshmen out are Rick Hersey, an
    inexperienced 118 pounder with a lot of heart. Jim Northridge at 126 will
    definitely be in contention for a varsity slot all season. At 167 Bob Good
    is gaining much valuable experience for the future. The last time Bucknell
    has had a winning season in wrestling was about ten years ago. Coach
    Schumacher feels that a big success of this year's team  will depend on
    their mental prepar ation. He said, " I'm  sure that fan sup port will be a
    big boost to the team's success. I can prom ise ex citement in every 1% hour
    dual m eet." The Blue and Orange grapplers debut at home this Saturday
    against Rutgers.

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: W A R D R O B E
Content: 

Heading: 234 Market Street.
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: AAon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11 s30
Content: 

Heading: p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri.-Sat. - - - 9:00 - 1:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sunday - - - - 7:00 - 11:30
Content: 

Heading: p.m.
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CA LL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O P E N ..............
Content: 

Heading: Tue. - Thur. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. - Sat. - 11 am. - 1:30 am.
Content: 

Heading: Sun. - Mon. - 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: DEC. 3, 1970

Heading: PAGE SEYEN
Content: 

Heading: If General Electric
Content: 

Heading: can build an electric tractor,
Content: 

Heading: why can't they build an
Content: 

Heading: electric car?
Content: 

Heading: General Electric is marketing a
Content: 

Heading: 14-horsepower rechargeable electric
Content: 

Heading: tractor capable of speeds up to 7
Content: 

Heading: miles an hour.
Content: 

Heading: We think it's a remarkable
Content: 

Heading: innovation. But an electric car it's not.
Content: 

Heading: As a garden tractor for home
Content: 

Heading: use, Elec-Trak(r)can take advantage of
Content: 

Heading: characteristics that would be distinct
Content: 

Heading: disadvantages in an electric car.
Content: 

Heading: The availability of fuel is no
Content: 

Heading: problem for Elec-Trak. It's designed
Content: 

Heading: for limited use near electrified
Content: 

Heading: structures, making overnight
Content: 

Heading: recharging possible.
Content: 

Heading: The heavy weight of the
Content: 

Heading: battery, which would slow down a
Content: 

Heading: car, means greater applied traction
Content: 

Heading: for Elec-Trak.
Content: 

Heading: Because Elec-Trak must travel
Content: 

Heading: at slow speeds to do its jobs, there
Content: 

Heading: are no aerodynamic energy losses to
Content: 

Heading: take Into consideration.
Content: 

Heading: Still, one might expect Elec-Trak
Content: 

Heading: to be the forerunner of a pollution-
Content: 

Heading: free automobile. Perhaps it is. But
Content: 

Heading: there are many crucial problems left
Content: 

Heading: to be solved.
Content: 

Heading: The most important one, of
Content: 

Heading: course, is the development of a
Content: 

Heading: substantially better electric battery.
Content: 

Heading: Any car built today would be severely
Content: 

Heading: limited in range and performance,
Content: 

Heading: and probably prohibitively expensive.
Content: 

Heading: General Electric is making
Content: 

Heading: progress on new batteries, but there's
Content: 

Heading: a long way yet to go.
Content: 

Heading: We've experimented with zinc-
Content: 

Heading: air batteries. Sodium-sulfur batteries.
Content: 

Heading: Silver-zinc batteries. Lithium-
Content: 

Heading: halogen batteries. And others. There
Content: 

Heading: are problems with all of them.
Content: 

Heading: Problems of life-span, cost,
Content: 

Heading: practicality.
Content: 

Heading: Despite the problems, General
Content: 

Heading: Electric scientists and engineers are
Content: 

Heading: working for the breakthrough that
Content: 

Heading: will make electric cars possible.
Content: 

Heading: Maybe the breakthrough is
Content: 

Heading: closer than we think. But we'll
Content: 

Heading: G E N E R A L (r)  EL E CT R I C
Content: 

Heading: continue to work and leave the
Content: 

Heading: predictions to someone else.
Content: 

Heading: Why are we running this ad?
Content: 

Heading: We're running this ad, and
Content: 

Heading: others like it, to tell you the things
Content: 

Heading: General Electric is doing to solve
Content: 

Heading: the problems of man and his
Content: 

Heading: environment today.
Content: 

Heading: The problems concern us
Content: 

Heading: because they concern you. We're a
Content: 

Heading: business and you are potential
Content: 

Heading: customers and employees.
Content: 

Heading: But there's another, more
Content: 

Heading: important reason. These problems
Content: 

Heading: will affect the future of this country
Content: 

Heading: and this planet. We have a stake in
Content: 

Heading: that future. As businessmen. And,
Content: 

Heading: simply, as people.
Content: 

Heading: We invite your comments.
Content: 

Heading: Please write to General Electric,
Content: 

Heading: 570 Lexington Ave., New York, N.Y.
Content: 

Heading: 10022
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: f m ae *.

Heading: BU  Cagers Open Season;
Content: 

Heading: Face Rider in Davis Gym
Content: Backcourt man Frank Kirkland dribbles around a defense setu p  by Paul Biko
    (foreground) and Ken Heron. (photo by Matt Kuehn) By KEN DOAK The Herd
    hoopsters will make their home debut Saturday night against Rider, who
    should prove to be a very tough opponent. This year's squad features ten
    sophomores and only two seniors. Th lack of experience was height ened
    recently when two other let- termen left the team. The two returning
    veterans are Chris Riley and Bill Peterson, whom Coach Don Smith has named
    as co-captains. Coach Smith said, " It's the great est number of sophomores
    I ever had on a team. It's difficult to predict what our potentials are. If
    we can offset the inexperience with hustle and attitude, we can surprise a
    lot of ball clubs on our schedule." One key to any success will be the play
    of 6'6"  sophomore Harvey Carter at center. His rebounding and defensive
    play sparked last year's freshman team, and he sems to have added extra
    scoring punch this season. He will have to stay out of foul trouble,
    however, since he is the only real pivotman on the squad. Bill Peterson
    (6'5" ) figures to start at one forward position, after being a part-time
    starter last year. Rugged sophomore Dave Green wood (6'3" ) has won the
    other starting slot up front with strong play in recent scrimmage games.
    Smith said of the Bison board- men, " I expect improvement in the

Heading: Bison Scores
Content: In scores posted by

Heading: B.U.
Content: teams yesterday, the freshman hoopsters overwhelmed the Nit- tany Lions, 63-47,
    while the varsity cagers took a brutal 85- 55 thrashing at the hands of the
    Lions varsity; and in wrestling action, the Bisons trounced Juni ata, 27-11.
    area of rebounding. We'll have more team-type rebounding than last year."
    Chris Riley <6'2" ) will again man one guard position. He hit on a good
    percentage of his shots last season and will help steady the squad." Guard
    Paul Biko (6' ), who sat out last season following a shoulder operation,
    will quarterback the of fense, and should help the scoring situation with
    his ability to pene trate the defense. John Ramsay was bothered by an early-
    season ankle injury among other things, but should see con siderable action
    in a backcourt re-

Heading: Anchors
Content: 

Heading: Cfje^Putknellian
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: 

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: John Darnail attempts to dribble by Bill Peterson, as Chris Riley and Dave
    Greenwood look on, during recent two-on-two practice session. (photo by Matt
    Kuehn) serve role. Coach Smith expects to stick to the standard pattern
    offense: " We have to be disciplined on offense, eliminate the unnecessary
    turnov ers, and get a good shot every time we have the ball." As for the
    run-and-shoot brand of ball, he said, " I like to play that type of game but
    you have to have the people to do it with." He feels the team does not have
    sufficient defensive board strength to run a consistent fast-break. Overall,
    the prospects of a win ning season are not outstanding. But as the
    sophomores develop, BU could surprise people.

Heading: Notes &
Content: 

Heading: Comment
Content: Bison Head Basketball coax*, Don Smith explains an aspect o f the game to his
    cagers. * Matt Knehn)

Heading: Mermen Cast Off '70 Campaign
Content: By MARK KNODERER The swimming team hurried back to Lewisburg after their Thanks
    giving turkey in order to swim in the Penn State Relays on Saturday. The
    results were a respectable fourth place finish and a foundation of times
    upon which to build the forth-coming season. The Nittany Lions have an excel
    lent facility, but have been unable to establish a team to go along with it.
    Their timing system is completely electronic, with the place and time being
    recorded al most immediately on the score- board which overlooks the pool.
    As was the case last year, Mary land won the relays with an identi cal total
    of 112 points. East Carolina finished second with 84 points, Vil- lanova
    third with 80 points. Actually the Bison's' 38 points tied for fourth with
    West Virginia, but Dick Russell did his part by winning the flip for the
    fourth place plaque. Over the past seven years, Rus sell has won eight flips
    in a row. Russell has been bringing the team into condition a little slower
    than last year, and the results of the meet showed that some of the tankmen
    are not in tip top condi tion yet. The team's best showing was in the 200
    yd. medley relay where the team of Paul Landes (26.2), Matt Slick (29.1),
    Peter O'Keeffe (24.3), and Steve Winings (21.4) combined for a first place
    time of 1:41.14. The Bisons next best finishers were in the <<X) yd.
    freestyle relay and the 400 medley where they finished fourth. Peter
    O'Keeffe was at his best as he anchored the freestyle relay in 47.9, but
    still could not gain much ground on the other teams. Winings (49.6), tri-
    captain Jack Krohmer (50.1), to the nearest one hundredth of a second, but
    the electronic timer is accurate to the nearest thousand th<< of a second.
    The apparatus saw what the eye and the stopwatch could not. O'Keeffe (56.2),
    Charlie Wilf (1:06.0), Winings (55.6), and Krohmer (49.8) were the team
    members. Fifth place finishes in the 400 yd. tied Elizabethtown for third
    place and the 3 meter diving completed the Bison scoring. Dute Otto combined
    with three freshmen, Glenn McLaughlin, Jim Pulver, and Bruce Campbell in the
    backstroke relay, where the last three men dive off the blocks and then turn
    over on their backs. Matt Slick and Charlie Wilf handled the breaststroke
    duties on the breast-fly relay, while Skip Allen and frosh Gary Norton
    shared the butterfly laps. Diving coach Ron Jenkins dipped into his bag of
    divers (he has seven, headed by M.A.C. champ Cliff Lesher) and came up with
    Ron Farr and Bob Richards. Their per formances were somewhat rusty, but both
    showed the promise of better things to come. The team's next competition
    comes against each other this Sa turday afternoon in the intrasquad (as
    opposed to last years freshmen- varsity) meet. After that the dual meet
    season begins in earnest. America has long been touted as the great melting
    pot of the world. Meaning supposedly that any type of individual could find
    his nitch in the social framework where one could fulfill his needs and con
    tribute his talent for the general good. This old theory is becoming less
    and less true as the years go by. A prime example can be found here at BU.
    There is one group on campus that has met with continued har- rassment from
    all quarters. This group is the ugly people.. We sup port this harrassment
    wholeheart edly because we fail to see what the ugly people can do for us.
    Furthermore we will go on record as supporting the elimination of all ugly
    people from the student body. There are several reasons for this action.
    First of all BU's reputa tion depends critically on the type of student that
    she exports to the real world. This means of course that every ugly person
    that gradu ates under the aegis of the Orange and Blue is a mark against the
    school. Therefore if ugly people are not admitted in the first place they
    won't be able to hurt their alma mater into Merrill Lynch and say ing " Hi,
    I come from Buekneli." ... But ugly people can have a more insidious way of
    damaging BU. Imagine if you will, an ugly team in the Intramural program.
    What if they were to win the Pangburn trophy? And if they were allowed to
    play intramural sports like the rest of us, why, they might want to play
    intercollegiate sports -- football perhaps or even basketball (which is
    worse because they aren't covered up in those skimpy cage togs). Of course
    we wouldn't be able to stop them because if you give them an inch they'll
    take a mile. And the real trouble is the fact that an ugly person can't b e
    made beautiful like the rest of db simply by cutting his hair.
    yyOBBOaeCCCCCCCCCOOGCCCt.

Heading: Something Special for
Content: 

Heading: that Special Someone?
Content: 

Heading: Visit
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9886
Content: Mike Huffman, tri-captain of the mermen along with Cliff Lesher and Jack Krohmer
    will be the Bison's entry in the 500 and 1000 yard freestyle events.
    backstroke relay and the 1 meter diving, and sixth place finishes in the 400
    yd. breast-butterfly relay and Paul Landes (50.5) kept the team in
    contention. In the medley relay the Bisons M W

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe, Legal (N.Y.) and Inexpen sive. Please call
    Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All in quiries confidential.

Heading: COIN
Content: & STAMP SHOP We buy

Heading: U.s.
Content: silver coins. Highest prices paid. We also buy stamps, U.S. and foreign coins.
    35 Broadway, Milton.

Heading: HEDRICKS MOBIL SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-0310
Content: 

Heading: S & H Green Stamps
Content: 

Heading: Route 15 & Buffalo Road
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: DECEMBER 3, 1970 NEW ROCK GROUP forming on campus. If you play guitar and/ or
    sing call Gearge 1623 or Biff 3129. WE ARE LOOKING for an apart ment for two
    reasonably near campus for January. If you have one to sublet call 1714.
    ____

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: ------

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Saturday, Sunday,
Content: 

Heading: Monday, Tuesday
Content: 

Heading: December 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8
Content: 

Heading: THE # 1  NOVEL OF THE YEAR-NOW A MOTION PICTURE!
Content: >>ROSS HUNTER << oouctoh BURT LANCASTER

Heading: AIRPORT
Content: 

Heading: RURI
Content: 

Heading: "
Content: 

Heading: DEAN
Content: 

Heading: LANCASTER * MARTIN
Content: 

Heading: JEAN SEDERS
Content: 

Heading: JACQUELINE BISSET
Content: 

Heading: GEORGE KENNEDY
Content: 

Heading: HELEN IUYES
Content: A  UNIVERSAL PICTURE TECHNICOLOR>>' Produced in TODD-AO>>

Heading: U B
Content: p p p DEAN MARTIN

Heading: I
Content: WJ. AOE>> ADMTTCD ( General Audiences JEAN SEBERG I JACQUELINE BISSET

Heading: Feature at 6:45 and 9:05
Content: 

Heading: Doors Open 6:30
Content: #

Heading: VOLUME LXXIII -- NO. 24
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY. DECEMBER 8, 1970
Content: 

Heading: "The Serpent"
Content: Members of the cast of " The Serpent"  reenacted the Kennedy assassina tion this
    weekend for record crowds in University Theatre. Performances this weekend
    are at 8:30 p.m. Thursday and at 7:00 and 8:30 p.m. Friday. Tickets are on
    sale in the Bookstore.

Heading: ABS Aid Plan Proposes
Content: 

Heading: $5 General Fee Increase
Content: 

Heading: jBuckntllian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY, LEWISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: ___________
Content: 

Heading: The Sum Also Rises
Content: 

Heading: Watts Unveils Tuition Hike
Content: \ By JENNY CHEN An ABS adopted scholarship plan to provide for immediate aid
    amounting to $14,500 within four years is now being considered by the Board
    of Trustees. After discussion of three ?liter, native plans and to either
    raise the general fee or to have a general fund raising drive, the ABS
    passed an amendment on proportional rates 14-7-1 before the plan passed 22 -
    0 . According to the plan, which also met approval with the Admissions
    Committee, only $3625, one-quarter of the total, would be given out in the
    first year. A second scholorship would be added the second year, reaching
    $14,500 in the fourth year, thus providing for an immediate scholarship
    plan. In the other two plans, it would take about 18 years before the Am
    ount of $14,500 was reached. An ABS request instituted by Bob

Heading: Committee Abolishes
Content: 

Heading: Experimental College
Content: By JOANNE ROLLAR Experimental College has been cancelled for this year. Karl
    Fritz, chairman of the Committee an Aca demic Innovations and a member of
    the Experimental College offer ed two reasons for its demise. First, a
    limited number of par ticipants made the feasibility of operating the
    college questionable. The lack of interest is attributed to several causes.
    While many people recognize the need for in novations in education, this
    need has not been demonstrated to the campus as a whole. Fritz suggested
    that more ground work, including the study of other experimental colleges,
    and more in formation on the nature of the pro gram is needed to create an
    at mosphere conducive to participa tion. A member of the interim com-
    (Continued on Page 3) Nachshin, ABS treasurer, was made to the Board of
    Trustees to add $5.00 td the general for the purpose of scholarship. It was
    passed 16-5-1. The amendment raised by Pete Holmes, member-at-large,
    concerns the use of the interest which is created. It reads, " The interest
    generated (Continued on Page 3) By PETER BALAKIAN President Charles H. Watts
    H, opened the Faculty Meeting yester day with a report on his recent meeting
    with the Board of Trustees. Watts stated that the primary issue of
    importance was the problem of politicalization within the Univers ity. The
    Board of Trustees came to a unanimous decision to open up the University to
    all outside speak ers. This question was brought up primarily because of the
    previous controversies including Rennie Davis and William Kuntzler. Watts
    continued with a report on the financial status of the Uni versity.
    Unfortunately the Uni versity will have to cut back its funds again this
    year. He said that the budget would have to be reduced during the com ing
    year as much as $175,000. Watts stated that " these are perilous times for
    Universities throughout the country." He then added regretfully that tuition
    would have to be raised $300 for the coming year of 197L.72. This will then
    hike the total tuition to a sum of $3,650 per year. Yet, Watts remarked that
    this is still lower than the median tuition for today's American
    Universities. Watts also denied any rumors that he might be in contention
    for the post of President of Harvard University next year. An article in the
    New York Times two weeks ago listed his name as a possible can didate for
    the job.

Heading: Arrested After
Content: 

Heading: Th
Content: 

Heading: 'Scare
Content: 

Heading: '
Content: 

Heading: 'Bomb Threat' Suspect Arraigned
Content: By ERIC RIESS A University sophomore, Robert Lane will be arraigned in Union
    County courthouse this week, on charges of giving false informa tion
    concerning bombs. A warrant was issued Friday for the arrest of the
    Montclair New Jersey resident, following the sec ond bomb threat of the
    week, phoned into the University's phys ical plant. The charge against Lane
    is a misdemeanor with a maximum sen tence of $1000 or one year in prison or
    both. Dean of Student Affairs John Dunlop said yesterday, " The Uni versity
    will not take any formal action until the civil authorities have completed
    their investigation and their proceedings are com pleted. At that time the
    University will initiate their own investigation through the offices of the
    dean of men." The bomb threat which Lane is accused of making was called
    into the power plant at approximately midnight Thursday. Through special
    arrangements made with the Buffalo Valley Tele phone Company the call was
    traced to a phone in Swartz Hall. Dunlop noted, " Thursday after noon we
    completed arrangements with the telephone company, as a result of the bomb
    threat Tuesday night. But I want to emphasize that the phone was not tapped
    in any

Heading: Scranton Television Features
Content: 

Heading: Four Students in Talk Show
Content: By LINDA ROSCOE Four University students and a Wilkes College senior economics
    major discussed violence as the topic for a television show taped thursday.
    The show is part of the series "Dialogue"  presented each week by Station
    WNEP TV, Wilkes-Barre- Scranton. The station thus provides students within
    its viewing area with an opportunity to .discuss and air their views on
    topics of in terest to the world community and themselves. Those students
    involved were Geoff Blood, Nicki Drew, Glenn Kidder, and Ann Saris. In their
    efforts to find a topic, the four had listened to the speech recently biven
    by Reverend William Cunningham, S.J. As a result they planned to dis cuss
    the question of violence direct ed toward people as opposed to that directed
    toward property. The show's moderator, provided by WNEP, introduced the
    topic with the statement issued by Presi dent Johnson when the Commission on
    Crime and Violence was es tablished. Rather (ban adhering to their original
    question, the students dis cussed the general one of violence. Geoff Blood
    noted that they did not first define violence. A major point covered in the
    dia logue concerned the legitimacy of (Continued on Page 3) way we cannot
    listen in on any conversation we can only trace calls through this
    procedure" ' When the second bomb threat of the week was received Thursday
    night the campus security police notified George Voynick, the head resident
    in Swartz hail who evacu ated the building. The state police were called by
    Dunlop and arrived about 25 min utes later. Together with the campus secur
    ity police the state detectives made a complete search of the building. At
    the same time the telephone company was tracing the call that had been made
    to the power plant When the search had been com pleted the students were
    allowed to reenter the building at 'their own risk.' State police
    immediately be gan to investigate based on the in formation provided by the
    telephone company. The investigation led the state police to ask for a
    warrant for Lane's arrest. However, Watts stated that be knew nothing about
    the matter ex. cept what he had read in tb) paper. Following Watts' report,
    Profes sor Marchand of the Geology De partment proposed the formation of an
    environmental committee on campus. The committee, he said, would deal with
    the ecological problems of the community. He cited such specific examples as
    the polution problems in the Susquehanna River and sewage techniques in the
    community. The committee would consist of five students and seven faculty m
    em bers. The proposal passed almost im mediately by a unanimous vote.
    Ensuing this vote, Professor Heath raised a proposal concerning the
    possibilities of having a fall recess at the end of October, for 1 week to
    replace the traditional Thanksgiving break. John F. !Zeller, vice-president
    of business and finance emphatically denounced the proposal. He stated that
    the semester was short enough without and additional three days, and it was
    also unfair to the administrative employees who would have to work through
    the recess as well as Thanksgiving. It was also added that the stu dents
    would probably still take off regadrless of the situation. With these
    denunciations, the fac ulty voted unanimously to reject the proposal, ending
    the meeting.

Heading: Zeller Announces $20,000 Loss
Content: 

Heading: vis
Content: 

Heading: Campus Robberies Increase
Content: By RICK SCHILLER and RICH

Heading: DAY
Content: Editor's note: Hus is the first in a two part series on theft on cam pus. Lock
    your dorm rooms and make sure your car doors are bolted. The rash of
    robberies that have hit the campus this semester has certainly not subsided
    and indeed appears to be increasing. Although Mr. John Zeller, Vice
    President of Business and Finance, reported a loss of close to $20,000 for
    the school year 1969-1970, and the projected figure for this se mester has
    already approached that amount. Although the normal student " borrowing"  of
    such items as sil verware from the cafeteria and furniture from the lounges
    is not the major factor increases, it too, has reached an unacceptable
    level. According to Walter Geiger, Di rector of the Physical Plant, over two
    dozen sofas, chairs, tables and lamps are unaccounted for. The price of
    these items, which must be replaced, is in the thousands of dollars. Both
    Geiger and Mabel Plue- macher of the University Food Service emphasized
    that, while these items may eventually be re turned, they must be
    immediately replaced, with the cost being shift ed to the students as a
    whole. Another facet of this student thievery which affectes the com- cunity
    as a whole involves the Uni versity Bookstore. (The unusual ex tent to which
    this has been occur- ing prompted a previous BucknelL ian article.) The most
    frightening aspect of the thefts involves the loss of ex tensive amounts of
    electronic equip ment from all around the campus. During the three days
    following the Thanksgiving vacation, the Music Department alone was robbed
    of equipment valued at over $1000. In cluded in the robberies were 3 Dual
    turntables and cartridges, 1 Fisher

Heading: Peacock Named
Content: 

Heading: WVBU Director
Content: The WVBU Board of Directors elected junior Jim Peacock as Sta tion Manager last
    night. In a rare case, Peacock will also remain F. M. Program Director for
    another year. On the A.M. end, Dave McRae was elected as program director.
    An amendment to the WVBU con stitution acknowledged the forma tion of a new
    position in conjunc tion with Music Director. Freshman Jim Morrell was
    elected as Music Director, while Sue Fairclough, also a freshman, will be
    Associate Music Director. Other board members who were re-elected are Dick
    Herring, Chief Announcer; Kurt Gebauer, Public Relations, and Nancy Godley,
    Of fice Manager. New board members include Pro duction Manager, Gary Vanden-
    broeck; Chief Engineer, Kevin Ku- bista; News Director, Keith Cough- ey; and
    Finance Manager Elaine Wallos. amplifier, 2 speakers and 4 sets of
    headphones. The Athletic Department and the Engineering Department have re
    ported the loss of 5 electric type writers and a ditto machine. This
    equipment will cost over $2000 to replace. Mr. Zeller, in referring to this
    incident, brought up the pos sibility of outsiders coming to the campus in
    order to steal objects for their resale value. The three color TVs which
    have been stolen from the residence halls are thought to be included in this
    category. Aside from the thefts from the school itself, there appears to be
    an increase in thefts of individual people. Numerous robberies of tape decks
    and FM radios from auto mobiles parked in University lots have been reported
    to Norman Fine, Chief of Campus Security. In addition to these, student
    rooms and storage rooms in the dormitories have been entered, with
    electronic equipment being the major objective. In one in cident over
    Thanksgiving, two roommates in Swartz returned to find two tape recorders,
    one tape deck, a turntable, a headphone, one Smith Corona typewriter, an AM-
    FM radio and 26 reels of magnetic tape missing. The total value ex ceeded
    $1300 in this room alone. The extent of the problem can only be appreciated
    when you hear the story of a girl who walked awqy from a desk in the library
    and came back 10 minutes later to find her pocketbook rifled and $5.00
    missing. Next issue:: What is being done, and what can the student do?

Heading: I
Content: 'WAgi

Heading: For a Fall Recess
Content: 

Heading: Thanksgiving vacation should be
Content: 

Heading: discontinued and be replaced by a fall re
Content: 

Heading: cess.
Content: 

Heading: This schedule change has been pro
Content: 

Heading: posed by Professors Robert Beard and
Content: 

Heading: James Heath, the Bucknellian supports
Content: 

Heading: this attempt to orient an academic sche
Content: 

Heading: dule to academic concerns.
Content: 

Heading: The October recess would evenly di
Content: 

Heading: vide the semester, thus eliminating the
Content: 

Heading: present two week "rump session" in early
Content: 

Heading: December. The fall break would be con
Content: 

Heading: sistent with the timing of the spring re
Content: 

Heading: cess, which falls in the middle of the
Content: 

Heading: second semester.
Content: 

Heading: The University does not make it a
Content: 

Heading: point of celebrating any of the other
Content: 

Heading: national holidays which fall within the
Content: 

Heading: academic year -- Labor Day, Veterans'
Content: 

Heading: Day, or Memorial Day.
Content: 

Heading: For most Americans, Thanksgiving
Content: 

Heading: holds more importance than any of these,
Content: 

Heading: but who is the University to make that
Content: 

Heading: qualitative judgement?
Content: 

Heading: The present policy towards indivi
Content: 

Heading: dual observances of holidays should be
Content: 

Heading: applied to Thanksgiving. In a religious
Content: 

Heading: context, many Jewish students make the
Content: 

Heading: necessary arrangements in their courses
Content: 

Heading: so that they may return home to ob
Content: 

Heading: serve the holy days in early fall.
Content: 

Heading: Students wishing to observe Thanks
Content: 

Heading: giving should be afforded the opportun
Content: 

Heading: ity to do so, but their decision should
Content: 

Heading: be a conscious one rather than the ha
Content: 

Heading: bitual one it is now.
Content: 

Heading: We might look more closely at our
Content: 

Heading: motives for celebrating this traditional
Content: 

Heading: harvest feast. Some critics point out
Content: 

Heading: that the historical roots of the holiday
Content: 

Heading: lie in a developing concept of Indian ex
Content: 

Heading: ploitation. In the 1970's, one might also
Content: 

Heading: consider the implications of an America
Content: 

Heading: gorging itself with wholesome food whi1"
Content: 

Heading: much of the world's populatic ' ..emai .s
Content: 

Heading: starving. How parochial is our thankful
Content: 

Heading: ness?
Content: 

Heading: HU
Content: 

Heading: )t
Content: 

Heading: J&utkneUian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNKLL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1887. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member of
    Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription. 17.00,. payable , in
    vance. Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at toe P(r)"
    office at Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: '
Content: 

Heading: PAUL OSHER -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK -- Business Manager
Content: N1CKI DREW Tuesday News Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant

Heading: DEBBY COSTLOW
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager Editorials appearing on this page reflect the majority
    opinion of tte editorial board and that of the editors. Signed columns
    present the views only of the authors. Office: Focht Printing Co., 229
    Market Street, 523-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221

Heading: Letters Comment on Kunstler, J. Edgar Hoover and Hair Policy
Content: 

Heading: Reply To YAF
Content: To the Editor: On one hand, I am loath to con tinue my hassle with the Young
    Americans for Freedom by taking up space in The Bucknellian, yet on the
    other hand, it seems as if a dialogue such as ours might have some value to
    the readers. And maybe not. But here goes, anyway. First of all, the answer
    to my letter states that since the author of the article, and the source of
    the article, were recognized, " all other (sources) are inconsequen tial."
    It seems as if my Young Ameri can friends have forgotten that 1) there were
    certain sentences in the article which were highlighted, and 2) someone had
    written across the top of each of them " If you like lynching you'll love
    Kunstler."  the source of neither having been identified. The latter was a
    personal slan der, true or not (although I am not sure that a majority of
    pro-lynch ing Americans would find a great deal of love in their hearts for
    William Kunstler). This is at this time, however, a point of argu ment, and
    nothing more, since the writers have identified themselves. And if you
    sincerely hoped that the members of the academic com munity would read the
    entire ar ticle, you would have simply posted the article, unmolested by
    high lighting, and assume that those who chose to read it would use their
    intellectual, objectivity to ar rive at a conclusion without the Young
    Americans for Freedom making sure that certain phrases stood out. If you
    truly believe that the " University atmosphere encourages . . thoroughness
    and objectivity in dealing with problems. . ."  why didn't you simply
    distribute the article and trust us to make in telligent judgements? But
    what did Mr. Kunstler say? I will be short, because we could hassle this out
    forever. He was simply saying, it seem ed to me, that the members of many
    groups in our society, among them blacks, are being, have been, left de
    fenseless against what should be their first line of defense: law en
    forcement agencies and govern mental structures. He was not talk ing about
    the John Gleason case, although he used it as an example. Your letter, Young
    Americans, states that " Shooting it out in the streets is not the way to
    guaran tee the justice that the black (and the white) community wants and
    needs, and yet this is precisely what Kunstler believes we should be
    prepared to do whenever we feel we have been severely wrong ed." Well, then,
    what is the way to guarantee justice to not only the blacks, but to people
    like the four students killed at Kent State (shoot out on the lawn - a bit
    one-sided?), or the twenty-five arrested for caus ing the demonstration that
    so in convenienced the National Guard that they bypassed the law, the courts
    and the government and be cam e judge, jury and executioner? How can we
    guarantee justice to minority groups of all kinds? Remember, you can't use
    the police, the courts or the legisla tures, because they're full of Judge
    J. J. Hoffmans, Ohio and Mississip pi National Guards, Ronald Regans, Spiro
    Agnews, and the like. Time and time again it has been shown conclusively
    that there exists little if any recourse in legitimate means of securing
    justice for those of us who are not white, clean-cut and patriotic. How do
    we get justice? Yours in more frustration than hope, Gary Koutnik

Heading: FBI Repression
Content: Editor's note: Dr. Ruether was here for Colloquy this September. She spoke on
    the topic, " The End of the World and the Birth of the Messiah: Christamity
    and the Coun ter Culture." To the Editor: On November 27, J. Edgar Ho over,
    Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, testified before the Senate
    Appropriations Committee that a " conspiracy of Catholic nuns, priests and
    lay people,"  masterminded by Philip and Daniel Berrigan, were planning
    actions such as kidnapping govern ment officials and bombing power
    facilities to the Capitol. Mr. Ho over's testimony suggested that all the
    persons associated with anti-war draft actions were a single con spiratorial
    group, led by the Ber- rigan brothers and all identified with the group
    known as the " East Coast Conspiracy to Save Lives." Those of us who know
    the ad hoc and nonviolent character of the Catholic resistence movement in
    these areas feel that these charges represent a very serious ascada- tion of
    government repression of dissent and political opposition. Needless to say,
    the many people associated with the various actions are not a single group,
    are not led by the Berrigan brothers in any organizational sense and totally
    re ject the kind of actions which Mr. Hoover describes. Such testimony is an
    obvious effort to instill panic in the main body of the citizens by
    conjuring up an image of despera does who are planning to put to gether in
    one package all the various tactics of third world re volutionaries in Cuba,
    Vietnam, French Canada and Palestine. If the

Heading: FBI
Content: can make such charges without evidence, without any actual crimes committde and
    potentially bring down serious in dictments based solely on their 'secret
    evidence' of 'conspiracies' and 'plots,' no citizen is safe and our civil
    rights will quickly dis appear. We feel that it is time for the broadest
    possible coalition of con cerned citizens in all walks of life, but
    especially those connected with the church, to register a very strong
    protest in Washington against such political and repres sive use of the
    legislative power of the FBI, and to make a dramatic manifestation of our
    repudiation of terrorism both by the Left and by the government. Finally we
    wish to show our determination to work for change through persuasion and
    reasoned confrontation with the issues. Nothing less than a trans formation
    of consciousness and a rededication to constitutional ideals and human
    values can save this country from a very dangerous turn toward total
    destruction of liberty and hope both at home and around the world. We call
    on you to respond to this and arouse your friends and col leagues to do
    likewise. As a service of national rededication, we plan to hold a 24-hour
    fast-vigil in front of the Justice Department, December 18-19. We will
    assemble at a near by church (to be announced) at 4 p.m. Friday and march
    from there in solemn procession to the Justice Department where we will
    commis sion the fasters with laying of hands. At 3 p.m. the following day
    there will be a concluding celebra tion of the Eucharist, led by a broad
    spectrum of church and civic leaders. We call on you to come and bring
    others to participate in some or all of these events and to join us in this
    rededication to solid arity, resistence to opression and commitment to
    authentic social values. David Kirk, Director, Emmaus House Rosemary
    Ruether, Theologian, Howard University Richard McSorley, S. J. Geargetown
    University Anyone interested in further in formation should contact: Dr.
    Rosemary Ruether 1438 Montague St. NW. Washington, D.C. 20011 (202-726-286M

Heading: Hair Today...
Content: To the Editor: I would like to respond to Greg Olsen's long and involved Feed
    back of December 3. Because of the length, it would be most time consuming
    to refute his conten tions point by point. However, there are several
    statements that were made that bother m e very much. and I think deserve a
    little clarifi cation. First of all, I think that I am in a good position to
    discuss the sit uation described by Mr. Olsen be cause of my involvment with
    com- petetive athletics on several levels, over a dozen years, but
    particular ly because of my relationship with the Bucknell basketball
    program that has spanned 4 years, including last year on the varsity. There
    is a certain perspective that can be gained only by being directly involved
    and seeing the various phenomena at work that Mr. Olsen describes. I think
    the best place to begin is a recounting of exactly what the Provost Wendell
    I. Smith said con cerning hair length. " If he (the coach) could demonstrate
    that the presence of a student whose hair was the cause of a major problem
    in the morale of the team, he would be justified in dropping the student
    from the team after he had exhausted all reasonable al ternatives open to
    him to correct the morale problem."  ' Therefore Coach Smith apparent ly
    determined that a morale prob lem existed. How this was done is of interest.
    First, let it be stated that the student with long hair was told at the
    beginning of try-outs (by Coach Smith) that he would be allowed to keep his
    hair for the duration of the try-out period, and if he was to " make" the
    team, he would then have to trim his hair. This agreement was violated after
    two days of practice when the Coach said, in effect, " Cut it, or else."
    The player chose the " or else."  But perhaps even m ore im portant was the
    method used to determine whether or not the hair was creating " a major
    problem in the morale of the team." It seems that the team itself should be
    the one's to have some say in the elements affecting their own morale. In
    this case, no con tact between the coach and play ers was made, and in
    effect, the Coach made an arbitrary decision. Returning, to Mr. Olsen's
    letter, though, there seems to be a basic fallacy in his reasoning process;
    I grant that training habits (such as diet, sleep, etc.) are very im portant
    sacrifices that the athlete may have to make in order to per form well. But
    there has been no proof that # the length of hair in any way effects the
    performance of an ath lete; it doesn't slow him up, in crease his weight or
    decrease his stamina. Thus, hair cannot be held responsible for bad physical
    per formance; what Mr. Olsen is deal ing with is a question of psycho
    logical effects and even such an intangible as personal taste.

Heading: A
Content: second important point is brought out in his discussion " of rules and
    regulations"  and their relationship to the team members. " The rules and
    regulations pertain to all members of the team, no ex ceptions made or else
    the coach will lose the respect of the play ers." There have been numerous
    ex amples of violations of the above by-all, but the most blatant and most
    recent also involved hair length on the varsity basketball team, the
    difference in this case was that the athlete involved was m ore important in
    the team's plans and the result was not that he was suspended or cut, but
    rather was given a talking to which in effect said " think it over." A
    classic example of the double standard. Finally, perhaps the most out
    rageous statement of the whole letter came toward the end - " Some rules
    will undoubtably re strict the individual's personal rights but these
    regulations are both nevessary and justifiable."  A rule such as one
    regulating (he length of a player's hair is neither necessary nor
    justifiable. The de cision made by the Coach is an arbitrary one, and the
    existence of this " double standard"  has been a notorious characteristic of
    Coach Smith's teams. David Logan r] # ;

Heading: f
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: S r << S

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: DECEMBER 8, 1970 isawreR press whumhm cm #. >> thanksgiving came and went--
    before you caught up on your work (that had been shoved aside * --the
    thought: I'll catch up over then) & now its barely wintertide time to work
    again and yet too early to be scared about semesterend. . . . from winter
    hide within strong walls where all is safe and warm but think not all is
    well, sam warns 'tis calm afore a storm. >> #

Heading: Happenings. . .
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: 

Heading: Light Show
Content: A 45 minute light show will be presented in the Coleman Hall Theatre tomorrow at
    4:15 p.m.

Heading: Ind. Formal
Content: Ik e Independent Men's Christmas Formal will be held on Sunday, December 13 at
    the Holiday Inn In Shamokin Dam. Tickets are $9.00 per couple and include
    smorgasboard dinner with roast beef and chicken, beverages >>nd dancing. The
    affair will begin at 6:45 p.m. and end at 1:00 a.m. Everyone is welcome.
    Formal dress is not required. Transporta tion wiU be provided. Information
    and tickets will be available at the Bookstore and the cafaterias through
    Thursday. Tuesday, December 8 7:00 p.m. Faculty Computer Seminar 7:00 and
    8:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. Dana Engring. 228

Heading: Students Discuss
Content: 

Heading: Violence on TV
Content: 9:00 p.m. " B"  Squad and Varsity Wrestling vs. F. & M. Davis Gym Christian
    Science Organization Vaughan Lit. 241 Bucknell Christian Fellowship Harris
    Lounge Film: "The Caine Mutiny"  plus Roadrunner Cartoons sponsored by Trax
    Dorm Council Vaughan Lit. Aud. Yoga Meditation Instruction sponsored by
    Indigo Hunt Hall Living Room Wednesday, December 9 9:00 a.m. Pi Beta Phi
    7:00 p.m. 8:15 p.m. A.B.S. Meeting Collegium Musicum:

Heading: Chorale
Content: The University Chorale, will hold their annual Christmas Caroling Party this
    Sunday. All are invited to join in the Caroling which will begin in front of
    Swartz Hall at 9:00 p.m. The Caroling will be fol lowed by a party in
    Larison Hall with free refreshments provided. The Chorale will also perform
    in the Zion Lutheran Church Sunday morning. The services will begin at 10:30
    a.m. and will be broadcast by WKOK.

Heading: Exp
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: College
Content: (Continued from Page 1) mittee, which continued the plan of the college from
    last January, believes that a community college is not wanted at this time.
    While many students believe in the ideals of such a program, they do not
    have sufficient time or interest to make it a practical reality. Second,
    organizational details, in cluding the lack of a sponsor and funding
    problems, hampered the college's plans. While professors were interested in
    the college, par ticipants were unable to find a sponsor because of the
    amount of time such a committment would en tail. H ie University refused to
    issue a waiver thatwould allow the group to function without a spon sor.
    Funding was also an issue. Last year's Experimental College was financed by
    ABS funds. However, no such help was offered this year, and the University
    was unable to supply aid. Fritz believes that closer cooperation between the
    stu dents and the University adminis tration from the inception of the
    Experimental College through its actual realization is essential if it is to
    becom e a viable educational op tion. While the Experimental College will
    not operate in January, the Committee on Academic Innova tions will be
    continuing its study on nerw directions in education, of which a residential
    college is one aspect. One possibility is the in corporation of such a
    college with in the regular structure of the Uni versity.

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 S t Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    Area Code 717 A small fee is charged

Heading: Something Special for
Content: 

Heading: that Special Someone?
Content: 

Heading: Visit
Content: Paraphernalia Sale (Through 4:00 p.m.) Coleman Hall Lobby Coleman Hall 102A
    "Christmas Music Form H ie Past" Vaughan lit. Aud. Thursday, December 10
    4:45 p.m. Catholic Mass Meditation Chapel 8:0 p.m. Film: " Bonnie and Clyde"
    sponsored by the Classes of "71 and '73 Vaughan Lit. Aud. " Christmas
    Customs Around H ie World"  with special guests: Foreign Students From
    Susquehanna Graduate House 115 So. Seventh Cap & Dagger: "The Serpent"
    Coleman Hall Theatre " ICHTHUS" (Experimental Religious Community) Rooke
    Chapel 8:00 p.m. 8:30 pun. 9:00 p.m. Friday, December 11 5:45 p.m. Classes
    for First Semester End Jewish Services Hilltop: " Divorce, Italian Style"
    Cap & Dagger: " The Serpent"

Heading: !V
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9886
Content: 6:30 p.m. 8:00 p m. 8:30 p.m. Meditation Chapel Vaughan Lit. Aud. Coleman Hall
    Theatre

Heading: ABS Scholarship
Content: (Continued from Page 1) from the reserve should be used in sofar as is necessary
    and posible to maintain the ABS cholarship with its initial level with
    respect to increases in the University fees, further, the interest used in
    this matter would be allocated to each stipend in the proportion that each
    stipend represents of the total scholarship allocation; otherwise the the
    interest or remainder of the interest should be used to increase the SFC
    endowment scholarship."

Heading: A
Content: question was raised about where the money should come from, although it would
    not be ear marked for ABS scholarships. The $5.00 would just be part of the
    general fee. An argument ensued in whether it was necessary to add $5.00 to
    the general fee which was rebutted with, " We're asking them to go in to the
    hole more if we just ask for $5.00 out of the general fee,"  said Jack Hart
    junior class president. However, Russ Pais sophomore class president
    suggested, " If we are going to provide cholarships by the students for the
    students, it is our responsibility. If we tack it on to the general fee,
    it's not really from the students." The idea of a drive fund was dropped
    with the premise that there are too many drive funds in operation already.
    In other business, it was an nounced that the ABS will give $400 to the
    Independent Men for Christmas formate and that a Co operative Funding
    Committee needs two members from ABS to the Advisory Committee which will
    hear requests of groups who want to program activities. The ABS conducted a
    Senate dis cussion meeting afterwards. Before discussion began, David Wein
    berger, said, " The Senate docu ment seems watered down. If it was good,
    it's not any more. The ABS is trying to revise it and try ing to make it
    stronger. I have a small objection, the decision seems that it must be a
    realistic view that the faculty will accept." "The Senate needs some funda
    mental thinking, I'm  not here to propose an alternative Senate. I don't
    think anybody here can. . . and I don't think that amending and reworking of
    all the parts is really creating anything new. This is the last step, maybe
    the students should take the initiative." However, in an answer to the
    philosophical university concept, Lou Bucceri, recording secretary, said, "
    In any choice of governance we pick, we are saying what the university is."
    After fifty minutes of discussion, the point was made that there could not
    be compromises on opinions. Also, a point was made that if the 22 additional
    amendments to be discussed are not completed at to morrow night's meeting,
    continua tion of discussion will last into next February.

Heading: [araamaiaiaraiziaianaigiaiaara
Content: 

Heading: COLE'S
Content: 

Heading: HARDWARE
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. 17837
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1284
Content: 

Heading: lamgraaiziaiiiziaiaiaiaiaEiaiai
Content: (Continued from Page l) violence as a means of alleviating grievances. The
    students generally agreed that violent means are not justifiable. When asked
    if they be lieved whether there could be a just war, they noted that war, as
    violence, is not justifiable as a means of obtaining any end, no matter how
    divine. Considered also was the question, " Does violence in opposition to
    vio lence create more violence? Does it perpetuate itself?"  The general
    mood was that anything founded on violence does indeed depend on vio lence
    for its perpetuation. Geoff Blood cited an example, " The American
    government was in stituted through violent means. No matter how good and
    right the ideals of our government are, it necessarily depends on violence
    for its continuation, both domestically and abroad, i.e. the Defense De
    partment, CIA, and police forces." In regard to the issue of violence
    directed toward people and that to ward property, they briefly men tioned
    that it becam e a question of semantics involving two dif ferent things.
    Geoff Blood noted that an impor tant point considered was the dif ference
    between nonviolent and peaceful action. He and Glenn Kid der saw "
    nonviolence as too nega tive thing." " There should be a peaceful
    orientation, rather than a nonvio lent or violent one, directing the in
    dividual. This is the only possible means of eliminating violence in any
    form, ie. violent thoughts and words, in the world today,"  Blood continued.
    In discussing the point, the stu dents explained that " If someone wants to
    change or do something immediately, violence is probably his only means. By
    doing so, how ever, a just cause necessarily be comes an unjust one." Once
    again Blood stressed that " a patience, a true devotion and belief in
    peaceful rather than violent or

Heading: Which means more to
Content: 

Heading: you. You or your renown?
Content: 

Heading: Laotzu
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: FRIENDS MEETING
Content: 11:00

Heading: A M .
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY
Content: 

Heading: Vaughan Lit Library
Content: nonviolent change through the in dividual is necessary." The four expressed
    satisfaction with the taping but noted that just as they were really getting
    into the discussion, the half-hour allotted was used. The program will be
    broadcast twice Sunday, December 13 ant 9 p.m. on Channel 16 and 6:30 an
    Channel 44.

Heading: Waits, Five Students
Content: 

Heading: Honored as Leaders
Content: Five students and the President of the University, Dr. Charles H. Watts, will be
    initiated into mem bership in Omicron Delta Kappa, national leadership
    society for men, Thursday. The students who have been elected to membership
    in the fra ternity are seniors Richard M. Gordon, Glenn R. Mars, and Jef
    frey Sengstack, and juniors Robert J. Nachshin, and Thomas A. Ri- vorie.
    Gordon is station manager of the student radio station, Mars was captain of
    the 1970 soccer team, Sengstack is president of the senior class, Nachshin
    was president of his class as a freshman and sopho more and is treasurer of
    the As sociation of Bucknell Students, and Rivoire, a Middle Atlantic Con
    ference wrestling champion, is edi tor of The Different Drummer, a student
    journal of opinions and letters. Dr. Watts is the third consecu tive
    President of the University to be made a member of the Univers ity's chapter
    of ODK.

Heading: HAVE THE
Content: 

Heading: LOWEST COST
Content: 

Heading: SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: Scheduled
Content: 

Heading: Immediately.
Content: 

Heading: (212) 490-3600
Content: 

Heading: 24 HOURS--365 DAYS
Content: 

Heading: professional scheduling
Content: 

Heading: servicess, inc.
Content: 

Heading: 545 fifth avenue, new york,
Content: 

Heading: n . y. 10017
Content: 

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for Christmas, Easter or summer?
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities, economic flights, discounts.
Content: 

Heading: Write for information (air mail).
Content: 

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street, Newport, LW ., England
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of livin g
Content: 

Heading: ............
Content: 

Heading: You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: ask for your free copy of RAGS magazine
Content: 

Heading: ............
Content: 

Heading: PREGNANT, NEED HELP?
Content: 

Heading: PREGNANT? NEED HELP! Abortions are now legal in New
Content: 

Heading: York City up to 24 weeks. The Abortion Referral Service will
Content: 

Heading: provide a quick and inexpensive end to your pregnancy. We
Content: 

Heading: are a member of the National Organization to Legalize Abor
Content: 

Heading: tion. CALL 1-215-878-5800 for totally confidential informa
Content: 

Heading: tion. There are no shots or pills to terminate a pregnancy.
Content: 

Heading: These medications are intended to induce a late period only.
Content: 

Heading: A good medical test is your best 1st action to insure your
Content: 

Heading: chance for choice. Get a test immediately. Our pregnancy
Content: 

Heading: counseling service will provide totally confidential alterna
Content: 

Heading: tives to your pregnancy. We have a long list of those we
Content: 

Heading: have already assisted should you wish to verify this service.
Content: 

Heading: COPY OUR NUMBER FOR FUTURE REFERENCE
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: -

Heading: 215
Content: -

Heading: 878-5800
Content: 

Heading: James Taylor te e rt
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL GUEST
Content: 

Heading: Mimi Farina
Content: 

Heading: Saturday, Dec. 12,8:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: MAYSER CENTER
Content: 

Heading: FRANKLIN & MARSHALL COLLEGE
Content: 

Heading: LANCASTER. PA.
Content: 

Heading: All Tickets $4.00.--Mail orders to Student Union J
Content: 

Heading: Board, F & M College, Lancaster, Penna.
Content: 

Heading: Ticket Locations in Lancaster: F & M Switchboard,
Content: 

Heading: Stan's Record Bar, West Side Shop. In York: Disc
Content: 

Heading: World, Central Ticket.
Content: DECEMBER 8, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 'ligi (BMKMMMMNINMHMIPBP mmmmsmmrnsrn.

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: Cfje^jjlButfentUtan
Content: 

Heading: >>P O R T S
Content: 

Heading: Rutgers Downs Matmen;
Content: 

Heading: Grapplers to Meet F&M
Content: 

Heading: Hoopsters Conquer Rider;
Content: 

Heading: Biko Leads Bison Offense
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL Clutch foul shooting and agres- sive defense highlighted a 75-65
    Bison victory over Rider in the Herd's first MAC league game, last Saturday.
    " Team pride was the major rea son we were able to comeback after the
    humiliating loss to Penn State earlier in the week,"  com mented Coach Don
    Smith. The game began as a seesaw battle, but the cagers were able to open a
    14 point halftime bulge, 40-26. Early in the second half, the Bisons
    stretched the lead to 16, but Rider refused to quit. A scor ing spree, led
    by juniors Steve Jefferson and Barry Spears, knott ed the score at 57-57
    with a little over eight minutes remaining. Dave Greenwood put the Bisons
    back in front with 2 jump shots

Heading: Tankmen Clash in Intrasquad
Content: 

Heading: Tourney, Winings Ties Mark
Content: By MARK KNODERER The orange team won the final event, the 400 yard freestyle
    relay, to come from behind and defeat the blue team, 58-55 last Saturday in
    the annual intrasquad swimm ing meet. The orange team won two of the first
    three events and moved out to an early 18-7 lead. The blue team stormed back
    to win five of the next six events and take a 40-39 lead. Orange won the
    next two events, but blue swept the 3 m eter diving and held a 55-51 lead
    going into the final event. The highlight of the m eet came in the 50 yard
    freestyle where freshman Steve Winings tied the school record of 22.1 in his
    first varsity dual meet. Winings got off to a good start, and held a body
    length lead over the field at the turn. The second lap he poured on the
    coals and won easily. Peter O'Keefe starred in the an nual intrasquad meet
    swimming to victory in two events. The orange team was led by junior Peter
    O'Keeffe, who swam to easy victories in the 200 and 500 freestyles, and
    anchored the free style relay. Charlie Wilf won the 200 breast stroke, and
    Matt Slick the 200 I.M. Jack Krohmer has been right around 50.0 in the 100
    free all year, and averaged 50.5 for three of them on Saturday. Winings,
    Paul Landes, and Ron Farr paced the blue team. Winn ings outdueled veteran
    Krohmer in the 100 free. Landes touched out Dube Otto in the 200 yard back-
    stroke, and swam good legs on both relays. Farr won both diving events and
    scored around 180 points on both boards. Mike Huffman won the 1000 yd. free
    for the blue. This year the freshmen are al lowed to swim in all league
    meets, including the MAC'S. The fresh men definitely made themselves felt on
    Saturday. The fourteen freshmen who swam helped con tribute to 41 of the
    meet's 113 points. Besides Winings, Gary Norton won the 200 yd. butterfly,
    and Bob Richards placed second in the 1 meter diving. This weekend the team
    travels to Colgate for their first dual meet of the year. The Bisons may be
    a little bit short on depth, but with the freshmen swimming they have no
    manpower shortage. The team has veterans swimming in just about every event.
    A big plus this year will be the divers. Ron Jenkins put four men on the
    boards on Saturday, and all four of them looked good.

Heading: TV Stars
Content: The Bison-Engineer contest Thur sday night will be telecast back to Lcwisburg
    beginning at 10:30 p.m. on channel 44. ------ WHATS PLAYING? ------

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: G B IQ 2B
Content: 

Heading: LAST SHOWING TONIGHT
Content: 

Heading: AIRPORT
Content: 

Heading: STARTING WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 9TH
Content: 

Heading: irs n mno
Content: from the corner. The Herd never relinquished this 61-57 lead. Co-captain Bill
    Peterson scored 4 points, Paul Biko scored 8, and the other co-captains,
    Chris Riley, hit for 2, in the last five minutes, to ice the Bisons' first
    win of the season. Biko's play was exceptionally brilliant as he hit 6
    straight free throws and scored on a key steal. His dribbling and passing
    against the Rider press keyed the cagers' offensive charge in the second
    half. Leading scorers for the Bisons were Biko with 21, Greenwood with 19,
    and Harvey Carter with 13. Coach Smith attributed the fine win to " teamwork
    and hustle."  He also cited the Herd's ability to capitalize on 1 and 1 foul
    shot situations. The Bison freshman squad began the evening with an
    impressive 76- 56 win over Lock Haven State. Utilizing a height advantage,
    the Baby Bisons built up an 11 point edge at halftime and emptied the bench
    in the second half. Leading frosh scorers were Hal Thomas with 22, Paul Kerr
    who added 16, and George Tillery with 12. The freshmen now boast a 2.0
    record. By KEN DOAK The Bison matmen gave Rutgers a tremendous battle
    Saturday be fore bowing 20-14, a m ajor improve ment over last year's 39-5
    trounc ing. Before a large, enthusiastic crowd, Coach Richard Schumacher
    unveiled a young and talented squad. In the 118 pound weight class, > the
    visitors' Dennis Smith (10-1 last season) overwhelmed freshman Rick Hersey
    15-1. However, Hersey fought off a late attempt for a pin. In 126, BU's
    Steve Coleman lost a heartbreaking 10-9 decision, as the Scarlet Knights'
    Scott Myers scored a 2-point predicament in the fipal seconds. But Mark
    Ramage (134) and Tom Rivoire (142) gained hard-fought decisions, 5-3 and 6-5
    respectively, to knot up the match at 6-6. Don " Stanley"  Danser then put
    the Herd on top with a  strong 5-1 win in the 150 pound slot. A1 Loesch
    (158), wrestling highly- touted Terry Paquette, provided the highlight of
    the match as he dominated throughout. With the crowd roaring and Loesch
    leading 10-1, he finally notched a well-earned pin at 7:23. BU now enjoyed a
    14-6 lead, but was not to score a victory in the upper weight classes. Jim
    Schutz (167) dropped a tough 4-2 decision to Dan Brandenburg when a late
    takedown attempt was not allowed. Rutgers' Rich Rinehardt then put a quick
    pin on freshman George

Heading: I R I B illiR
Content: Tom Rivorie, last year's 150 pound MAC champ, is off to a roaring start with two
    straight victories this season. Ballentine (177) to even the match. In 190,
    the Bisons' Tom Connolly, who has been out for the team only a few days,
    battled back from several near-pins with a tremend ous effort, but was
    outclassed 20-3. Knight heavyweight Art Palem- scar then wrapped it up by
    decision- ing Ed Jones 64. The Herd (1-1 on the season) will attempt to
    ambush powerful F&M tonight in Davis Gym. An enthusiastic turnout will bene
    fit BU tremendously in what pro mises to be an exciting match.

Heading: Gulden Programs New Season;
Content: 

Heading: Thinclads Enter in Invitationals
Content: By JEFF QUINZER Quickly now, what Bison team will participate in sporting events
    in such places as Madison Square Garden and the Baltimore Civic Center? No,
    it won't be listed in the Uni versity's Winter Sports Schedule or posted
    down at Davis Gym. Hint: both the team and the coach are in their first year
    here. Given up? The coach is Arthur Gulden and the " new"  sport is winter
    track. Coach Gulden comes to us from Rutgers, where he coached both indoor
    and outdoor track as well as cross country. Here at B.U., he coached the
    Bison harriers to a fine season and will also coach outdoor track in the
    spring in addition to his winter duties. The purpose of winter track is
    actually twofold. According to Coach Gulden, " the main purpose is to
    prepare the team for the outdoor season and secondly, to compete
    individually in the various indoor invitational meets." In winter track,
    team scores are not kept as they are in the spring dual meets. The sprinters
    and re lay teams participate individually, hoping for invitations to the
    east ern and national championships. The team's schedule looks like this:
    the first invitational is the Philadelphia Track Classic on Jan. 23 followed
    by the Cornell Invita tional (Jan. 30) and the Knights of Columbus
    Invitational at Madison Square Garden i(Feb. 5). Also scheduled for February
    is a meet at the Baltimore Civiv Cen ter and the Delaware Invitational. On
    March 5 and 6, the IC4A's will be held at Princeton and on the 13th there
    will be the East Strouds burg Invitational followed by pos sible invitations
    to the NCAA Na tionals. At present, Coach Gulden does not know exactly what
    boys will make up the team but from what he has seen " possibly a half dozen

Heading: EUROPE FOR CHRISTMAS?
Content: 

Heading: Round Tip Air Fare only $185.00
Content: 

Heading: New York to London. London to New York.
Content: 

Heading: DECEMBER 22nd TO JANUARY 4TH
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities available in Great Britain,
Content: 

Heading: (Summer Only). Discounts, Charter Flights and various
Content: 

Heading: other services.
Content: 

Heading: INFORM ATION,
Content: 

Heading: Anglo
Content: 

Heading: America Association,
Content: 

Heading: 60A.
Content: 

Heading: Pyle St., Newport, I.W . England:
Content: boys could qualify for the IC4A's. Our best chances are probably Rich Francel <%
    mile and 1,000 yds.) and Fred Weber (V* mile and 600 yds.)." Since the
    University has no indoor track, finding a place to practice may present a
    small problem. Coach Gulren said, " We will prac tice right here at the
    stadium until the snow comes, then we can prob ably run on the roads or
    workout in any cleared off area. We may even practice at Penn State where
    they have a Tartan Track. W e'll have lots of time during January and may
    travel to Penn State. I've already talked to their coach and he said they'd
    be glad to have us."

Heading: ClasSy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: ABORTION Referral Service (ARS> Safe, Legal (N.Y.) and Inexpen sive. Please call
    Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All in quiries confidential FOR
    RENT in Lewisburg, 1 room and bath, located %  block North of Market St. No
    cooking facili ties. Available Jan. l, 1971. Call 524-9195. ANYONE
    INTERESTED in renting an Apt. for January, please call 523-9612. 8 - TRACK
    TAPE PLAYER, (Port able) Solid State, only 4 months old and in good shape.
    Originally $190. now $45.00. Call 1006.

Heading: COIN
Content: & STAMP SHOP We buy U.S. silver coins. Highest prices paid. We also buy stamps,
    U.S. and foreign coins. 35 Broadway, Milton. FOR SALE AMPEG B-25 B amp, 120
    watts pmp, twin heavy-duty 15"  speakers, 1 yr. old, $250 or best offer;
    HOFNER bass guitar, 3 yrs. old, $150 or best offer. Both in excellant
    condition. Contact S. Truver, Box 613 S.U., 374-9722.

Heading: THE BUCKNBLLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: DEC. 8, 1970. w

Heading: VOLUM E L X X III -- NO. 25
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. DECEMBER 11. 1970
Content: 

Heading: 'Che Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEW ISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: I V
Content: 

Heading: 4
Content: 

Heading: 0
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: President Outlines Budget Cuts
Content: 

Heading: Watts Favors 24 Hour Visitation Policy
Content: By PAUL OSHER " I would be very happy to in stitute a 24-hour visitation
    policy," said Charles Watts, president of die University, in an interview
    with The Bucknellian this week. He also spoke about the impending budget
    cuts and the status of black studies here. "W e've made some fairly sub
    stantial changes in residential life on the campus as we move to ward a
    greater degree of autonomy for students,"  he said. " If an hon est, careful
    evaluation proves me right,"  he added, " I see no reason why we couldn't
    take this next step." He noted that he was confident that such an evaluation
    will sup port his contentions. He was also curious as to whether or not the
    Association of Bucknell Students had enacted any resolutions on this issue.
    They have not. Watts announced at Monday's Faculty meeting that the
    University will be trimming its budget by $170,000 next year. " We are going
    to have to bring this sum into balance,"  he said. " In order to do this
    several steps have been taken

Heading: ABS Committee Changes
Content: 

Heading: Check Signing Procedure
Content: Eve, played by Maggie Jones, awakens in tbe garden of Eden during Cap and
    Dagger's portrayal of 'The Serpent.' The play has played to packed audiences
    at almost all performances. The final two shows will be to night at 7:00
    p.m. and 8:30 p.m. By JENNY CHEN An

Heading: ABS
Content: Appropriations Com mittee recommendation to change the method of signing checks
    is now pending approval from dean of student affairs, John Dunlop, and vice
    president of business and fi nance, John Zeller. According to Bob Nachshin,
    treas urer of ABS, the change would in volve the treasurer of an organiza-

Heading: C & D Version of ' The Serpent*
Content: 

Heading: Uses Non-verbal Communication
Content: By HOWARD ASHMAN The Serpent, as directed by Trevor Lewis and performed by a
    company of twenty in Coleman Hall, is a rare and beautiful thing. It is a
    theatre piece that sacri fices neither structure for freedom of design and
    concept, text for non-verbal communication, direc tor's technique for
    actor's soverign- ty, nor thought for intuition. Rather, it revels in all
    these things. Every one of them has its moment, and all are fused into an
    event that is present, intense, and inescapable. What is The Serpent? As con
    ceived by Joseph Chaikin and the Open Theatre, and orchestrated with words
    by Jean C.laude Van Itallie, it is a ceremony that ex plores the crisis of
    twentieth cen tury man, particularly American man in the sixties, by
    revealing the roots of our crisis as they ap- fe.pear in the Book of
    Genesis. The Kennedy and King assasina- tions merge with the murder of Able;
    individual freedom with its awesome responsibilities merge with Eve and the
    fruit of know ledge. But The Serpent is a cere-

Heading: Committee Presents
Content: 

Heading: Proposals to CAR
Content: By TOM NOVINGER The Committee on Differently Prepared Students, headed by Pro
    fessor Richard Peterec, m et Mon day, to have final discussion on the
    recommendations it will present to ' the Committee on Academic Reg ulations
    for consideration and ap proval. The committee has already pre sented
    suggestions that include the giving of priority to the Associated Blacks for
    Progress in selecting University housing, the hiring of a black "
    counselor,"  the special con sideration for differently prepared students "
    when deem ed necessary in the judgement of the Dean and/ or faculty
    advisor." The recommendations that the (Continued on Page 4) mony, not
    alecture, so questions are never answered, only raised theatrically; we, the
    audience, are figuratively and literally offered apples. The Serpent began
    in a loft in New York, as the Open Theatre troupe asked questions and put
    them into theatrical form. As they first produced it, the piece was a
    personal statement. The problem then for a different group deciding to
    produce it three years later be comes unusual. How does one ren der someone
    else's teribly personal vision vitally alive onstage? This university's
    group chose a most difficult and challenging way: to make it their own. They
    chose to re-evaluate the words and structure from scratch, to explore each
    image set forth in the skeletel published version in terms of their own
    bodies, minds, and experience. There can be no " success' in this kind of
    undertak ing, for there is no " goal"  in mind. Only a process. And it is
    the pro cess that found its way to Coleman Hall, that is taken up nightly,
    and (Continued on Page 5)

Heading: The End
Content: This issue is the last one of the semester. THE BUCKNEL

Heading: LIAN
Content: will resume publishing during the first week of Feb ruary. Merry Christmas. tion
    signing the check and then the president or the adviser of the or ganization
    co-signing the check. It was pointed out that this pro cedure would do away
    with the role of the adviser. However Nach shin stated that the adviser
    would still be responsible for all checks. In other ABS business, a follow
    up proposal was made by Pamela May, asking for a reconsideration of the
    system of rotation for meals. The recommendation which pass ed 13-5-2 reads
    " that the dining committee reconsider a system of rotation similar to those
    submitted in September 1970 for students din ing among the three cafeterias
    to be put into effect second semester of the '70-'71 academic year. It is
    felt that in this manner greater contact among classes will result,
    promoting University coherence." The original proposal suggested that
    University Cafeteria become the freshman dining hall, serving 540 students,
    with the remainder of the freshman and all upperclass men down the hill
    eating in Wo men's Cafeteria. Also, about 50 Swartz residents would eat down
    the hill on a voluntary basis. Upperclassmen at Women's would be permanent,
    while the freshmen would rotate between U.

Heading: C.
Content: and Women's. Approximately 365 upperclassmen would remain in Swartz with the
    possibility of freshmen eating breakfast there. and others are planned,"  he
    ex plained. " We have put holds on mmo: items like equipment purchases,
    orders for printing and publication and installation of telephones, and have
    decided not to add staff,"  be said. Watts pointed out how the priorities
    for the line-by-line an alysis of each department's budget, which will
    commence next week, will be established has not yet been determined. He
    stressed " we must begin to learn how to live within a closed system."
    Efforts will also be made to gen erate income from the computing center by
    selling its services for local use. " Overall,"  Watts said reassuringly, "
    the cut-backs art- pretty mundane, and we are not at the point where we'll
    have to can cel anything." Watts also announced at the Fac ulty meeting that
    $100,000 will be added to the Instructional Budget for salary raises for
    staff and fac ulty members. The raises are expected to bt analagous to last
    year's pay in creases, which were on the order of 5%. Since the cost of
    living went up 6% or so last year, the faculty and staff actually took a cut
    in pay. The salaries this year can be ex pected to lag behind the cost of
    living again. Faculty salaries seem to have an even more dismal future. In
    ad dition to the limited salary in creases, some of the fringe bene fits the
    University offers will also be curtailed. The Board of Trus tees, last week-
    end, voted to place a ceiling on the cash allocation.1 made to the faculty
    for their child ren's higher education. The University has arrangements with
    several other academis instt- titutions that permit the employees of the
    University (faculty and staff1 to obtain special rates for tuition and other
    expenses. The allocation used to be mack, up to the total University
    tuition. Now, a maximum of $2500 will be distributed per faculty child per
    year. "The net effect this year, according to Watts, " will be a $50 pay
    cut."  But, every year after this, as tuition goes up, the faculty
    (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: No More Money Available for Security
Content: 

Heading: Alleviation of Thievery Requires Student Cooperation
Content: By RICK SCHILLER and RICH DAY The following is the second in a two part series
    on theft on campus. " Theft, on the average, makes up 90 per cent of all
    security problems on most college campuses." This quote, taken from the "
    Dick- insonian"  (Dec. 14) characterizes the problems the University has
    recently encountered concerning robbery and theft throughout the campus. The
    specific details of recent robberies were dealt with in the last issue of
    The Bucknellian. Here, the concern will be with what the administration and
    stu dent body is doing and can do to help curb crime on campus. According to
    John Zeller, Vice President of Business and Finance, many problems exist in
    the ad ministration's attempts to solve the recent crimes. First, due to
    financial difficulties the size of the campus security police force cannot
    be significantly enlarged. Secondly, due to student pressure buildings must
    remain open until late in the evening. " The students want places to study,"
    said Mr. (Zeller, " but we cannot station guards at every comer to insure
    security." Furthermore, a tremendous bar rier lies within the students them
    selves. They leave cars unlocked, dorm rooms open while unoccupied, and
    valuables unattended, in and away from their rooms. " The students must
    become aware; if any decline in robbery is to be realized we need their
    help." Zeller continued to emphasize the role of the student body by saying
    that " if strangers are in the dorms, try to find out what they want. If you
    see strange people leaving rooms or buildings with goods try, at least, to
    get the license number of the car they leave in. And then report the
    incident." The last statement is the most crucial, for " students are not
    only the target for weak individuals, but also professional thieves."  If
    they arc to be apprehended the police must be notified immediately. Zeller
    also mentioned that loss of duplicate keys apparently are often used to gain
    entry to rooms and buildings. Once again, stu dents, responsibilities lie in
    their efforts to keep keys with them at the same time refraining from
    leaving keys on desk tops, bureaus, on the top of door sills or " under the
    mat." With respect to specific actions taken by the school to prevent fu
    ture crimes, a large mirror was recently installed at the bookstore to
    facilitate security. Too, cafeteria employees have been instructed to watch
    for students walking away with kitchenware. Finally, the campus police are
    being especially careful during their patrols throughout, campus. Together,
    a decrease in crime is hoped to be seen. Concluding his remarks, Mr. Zel ler
    made clear the fact that " the school will prosecute students caught
    stealing valuables. " The students have asked us to treat them like adults.
    We wiU." For goods of less valuable (e.g. silverware) Zeller hoped that dis
    ciplinary action could remain with in the confines of the Discipline
    Committee. In addition, however, student pil- fering has spread off campus.
    Ac cording to Chief Hufnagle of the Lewisburg Police, " the usual rise in
    shoplifting seen at this time of ' year has again evidenced itself in the
    local Lewisburg stores." Two University students have been caught so far
    this year. Con victed of summary offenses, they have been sentenced to "
    cost phis fine"  i.e. the cost of the article.*, taken (unless returnable)
    plus a fine of $25 - $100. Chief Hufnagle said that tbe uni versity is
    subsequently notified of any prosecution against a student, and the
    notification of parents is then left to the student, or if he refuses, to
    the administration Next year, (wider aisles and better facilities are hoped
    to al leviate pilfering in the bookstore in the new student union. This re
    mains though only one facet of a farger problem plaguing the school "The
    students must become alert . . .  We need their help."  Ultimate ly, student
    aid coupled with great er responsibility can greatly help quell the problem
    of theft affect ing the University today. s

Heading: WM
Content: 

Heading: ESi
Content: 

Heading: y
Content: 

Heading: Letters
Content: 

Heading: Editor
Content: 

Heading: Thanksgiving
Content: To the Editor: In the Dec. 3rd issue of The Bucknellian, there appeared an
    article relating the proposal of an Oct. recess which would replace the
    present Thanksgiving vacation. Although there appears to be aca demic
    advantages to such a recess, I feel it is important to consider the
    consequences of eliminating the Thanksgiving vacation. Since most Bucknell
    students live a considerable distance from Lewisburg, eliminating a Thanks
    giving vacation would be, in fact, eliminating what I feel is one of the
    most important aspects of Thanksgiving day -- the opportunity to be present
    with one's family and in this spirit of love and com munity offer
    thanksgiving to Al mighty God. This holiday is possibly the one time every
    year when famalies, due to a release from the schedules of everyday life,
    can sit down at mealtime and celebrate their thanks together. It is the
    tradition al time of the year when older

Heading: =FROM THE EDITOR'S DESK:
Content: 

Heading: Don't Take the Test
Content: ____________ __ By PAUL OSHER; From the Editor's Desk: The Counseling Service is
    finalizing its plans for a senior question- nair^which all seniors will be
    asked to fill out on Registration Day for next semester. All seniors are
    urged NOT to participate. The information which this questionnaire will s o
    t a t i s  needed^to validate a similar questionnaire given to last year s
    senior * results of both questionnaire could be of great value to the U y as
    its financial problems grow. In order for the University to maintain
    continued operations it s <<mina to be cutting back some of its programs.
    The information that to s questionnaire seeks will help in making these
    upcoming decisions by providing the Administration with data about the
    interests, attitudes and tomghts of its students. They can then try to
    tailor the various Uni versity programs to the students' needs. It would be
    unfortunate if th University was denied this information. Rut there is a
    larger issue involved. The results of this survey and that >> lic it  data
    about the ato tte m m ta r is not systematically reviewed by a
    representative group of the com m i  Fm Ser, ! t e n  are many other sets of
    information that wouW beuseful to the institution which are either
    inaccessible to the University or uncollated. , There has been a proposal to
    establish such a committee, and the Provost insists that it will become a
    reality. However, imtd1 such a c o - mittee is formed and at least half of
    its members are students, it would be in the students' interests not to
    participate.

Heading: Speed Kills
Content: The American educational system, of which the University is a part, continues to
    fuck over its youth. Our society puts an inordinate amount of pressure to
    perform on its students (although students who put things off until the last
    moment are partially to blame). The effect of this pressure is most clearly
    manifested during final exam periods. The stimulant most often used to carry
    students through their final papers and exams is dexedrine. Dex is one of
    the least ^ m tiu l of the amphetamines and, although indiscriminate use of
    it is it will satisfy the need of the user who wants to stay up late. It is
    harm less in small doses. o t * v

Heading: AWAY FROM
Content: 

Heading: METHEDRINE
Content: (meth, speed, crystal-meth, liquid-meth) UNLESS YOU HAVE HAD SUCCESSFUL PAST
    EXPERI

Heading: ENCES WITH IT.
Content: 

Heading: SPEED KILLS.
Content: brother is almost home from col lege, Dad is away from the mill or office,
    little sister doesn't have homework and Mom finds no fuss in fixing the
    meal; for all have gathered into this celebration of a family meal in order
    to thank God for the college, the job, the homework, Mom, etc. Sure it would
    be great to have a week off in Oct. Possibly, some students wouldn't find
    themselves in a " rump session"  either after a brief vacation. However,
    would your family be together and not at school, the office or somewhere
    across the country? Why not main tain Thanksgiving vacation and af ford
    ourselves that one day in which we can be with our entire family and give
    thanks and praise to Almighty God--to say at least, this country needs God's
    blessings. Peace, Charles P. Erdeljac

Heading: J&tttkneUian
Content: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COM" (tm) ^ Established 1897.
    Published turtce ta of Associated CoUegiate Press. Annual 21 1922. at the
    poet vance. Entered as second class matter o n September

Heading: ? I ,
Content: office at Lewisburg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: PAUL OSHER --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: ERIC RIESS --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES RESNICK --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: DAVID HAMMER
Content: Features Editor

Heading: -NANCY GRDEN
Content: News Assistant d e b b y c o s t l o w Subscriptions Manager

Heading: Letters Focus on Senate, Concerts & PO W 's
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: Associate Editor

Heading: DAN MILLER
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB WENDEL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: MARK RAMAGE
Content: Locai Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: DON THOMPSON
Content: Executive Assistant

Heading: MARC FEINBERG
Content: Copy Editor

Heading: BILL LIVENGOOD
Content: Advertising Manager

Heading: =THE JAUNDICED EYE=
Content: 

Heading: B. U. - C. I. A. Link Exposed
Content: .B y KENNETH DOWST. It has been discovered that Bucknell University is engaged
    in secret research and project development for the U.S. Central Agency
    (CIA). This information is the result of a month-long investiga- tion and a
    " leak"  from a source within Marts Hall. The exact nature of the operation
    - known as " Project Augusta"  - is not known, though there is evidence to
    indicate that it involves the complication of dossiers on potential Central
    American revolutionaries. This reporter's suspicions were aroused when he
    spied Mr. Clifford Birdsall, former manager of the Bison and College Inn
    entering and mat ing the stairway leading to the Bison's second floor (from
    the lounge). Bucknell no longer lists Birdsall as an employee. (The present
    Bison-College Inn manager, Mr. Edward Hanlon, claims to have " no idea"  of
    Birdsall's whereabouts.) , Occasionally seen accompanying Birdsall were Mr.
    Leonard Smolen, Associate Director of Residence Halls; and/or Dr. Dennis E.
    Marchand, Assistant Professor of Geology. . , . . The second floor of the
    Bison is virtually unknown to students and to most University personnel.
    Some have hypothesized the < ^ e n c e  of some connection between the "
    unknown"  second floor, the Buffalo VaUey Telephone Co. truck so frequently
    parked outside, the missing

Heading: leie-
Content: Type terminal, and Project Augusta. Mr Smolen refused to comment on the matter.
    He has long been involved with various Federal projects. Dr. Marchand denied
    having any connection with the CIA, but did admit that he intends to spend
    the second semester in Central and South America, observing tropical
    erosional processes." It is known that Bucknell has been receiving some sort
    of covert financing which it includes in "Alumni Gifts"  in the Annual
    Report. Records of the Office of Alumni Relations show that, for the two
    years, actual alumni contributions have been several thousands of dollars
    less than the Annual Reports have indicated. An editorial in the August,
    1970 issue of Bolivar, an English-language Panamanian magazine (available
    from Penn State's library), mentions " the CIA's Project Augusta."  It
    describes the appearance and activi ties over the summer of a suspected U.S.
    agent in that country whose description corresponds closely to that of Mr.
    Smolen. (The Sunbury Daily Item reported this October a lecture presented by
    Mr. Smolen before a meeting of the Lions Club, on the subject of " Family
    Life in Central and South America. ) . , . An Administrative source admitted
    that Bucknell has received funds in return for work on " a special project,"
    but denied that the CIA is m- Vdeg  VA11 those interested in the formation
    of an ad hoc committee to in vestigate the matter further are invited to
    meet in front of the Bison s TV at 9 p.m. Monday. Bring a bag for your head,
    as federal photographers will probably be present.

Heading: YAF Replies
Content: To the editor: We would like to take this op portunity to continue our dialogue
    with Gary Koutnik concerning Wil liam Kunstier's views of justice. Since we
    do not wish the issue of justice to be obscured by discuss ions of yellow
    hi-liters, w e will re frain from pursuing that issue. iLet us then discuss
    the use of force to settle disputes. In socie ties where the government does
    not have an effective monopoly of coercive force, disputes are settled by
    private violence: blood feuds, private armies, vigilante groups, etc. In
    such situations, justice is solely a matter of superior force. If the "
    shoot-it-out" philosophy which Mr. Kunstler advocates (and both Mr. Koutnik
    and we abhor) were to prevail, our society would be reduced in short order
    to a savage jungle. Where government has an ef fective monopoly of force,
    this danger is all but eliminated. Of course, in its stead a new danger
    arises: that government will mis use its power. This danger is very real,
    and as was once said, the price of liberty is eternal vigil ance."  But the
    solution is not a re turn to the " war of all against all where every man is
    his own law; it is rather a determined effort to purge the system of its
    remaining traces of oppression. Mr. Koutnik states that " it has been shown
    conclusively that there exists little if any recourse in le gitimate means
    of securing justice for those of us who are not white, clean-cut and
    patriotic."  With all due respect, this statement is not beyond question. A
    few highly pub licized cases cannot be allowed to obscure the daily workings
    of an entire legal system. If particular individuals are guilty of
    injustice, let them be punished with the full force of the law. But let us
    not in our folly plunge hell-bent into a world where white and black
    resists, leftist revolution aries, and rightist reactionaries go about
    enforcing their political views and social prejudices at gun point. The
    answer, however it may strike some ears, is more law and order -- not less.
    Liberty and just ice are only possible in an ordered society, as a study of
    any revolu tion or war (e.g., the Vietnam war) will show. They may not
    obtain even where order exists, but that is a challenge to be taken up, not
    an excuse for despairing inaction. Yours in hope, Bucknell Y.A.F. t h e b u
    c k n e l l ia n p l a t f o r m To review any issue and take * i f

Heading: ar
Content: 

Heading: sr s?
Content: 

Heading: s-
Content: laudatory when appropriate, and to print the news witn tegrity e d i << l^ r d
    "P<< 5 t <S  8 ?  e ^ r s ^ e d ^ c o l ^ ^ ^ e 04^ only of the authors. All
    letters should be adressed to toe M t o r ^ s ^ " ^ > ne later than Saturday
    noon for pub^ation in the Tuesday ecu day noon for publication in the Friday
    edition. All letters must be signed and typed double-spaced: however, names
    may be withheld upon request. ThP Editor reserves the right to choose all
    letters for p u b U c a U o n , and to e d i t a w W t e ? S i n  for re^ons
    of space restrictions, grammatical change ' offensive language. and - f t

Heading: R E P R E S E N T E D  F O R  N A T IO N A L  A D V E R T IS IN G
Content: BY

Heading: National Educational Advertising Services
Content: 

Heading: A  D IV IS IO N  O F
Content: R E A D E R 'S  D IG E S T  S A L E S  S  S E R V IC E S . IN C . 3SO L e x i n
    g t o n Ave-.N ew  York. N.Y. 10017 O ffice: Focht Printing Co.. 229 *PS*
    **' 5M" U21 Consultant: Brad T ulls. 324-1221

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: DECEMBER 11, 1970

Heading: Why A Senate?
Content: To the Editor: After two years of exhausting debate on the University Senate, it
    is my impression that most stu dents simply do not care. Why not? Are they
    apathetic, dull, reaction ary? Or are there good reasons? In a group united
    by its dedica tion to a common goal, the little governance needed is
    supplied by a simple, often informal structure. It is only where interests
    diverge that elaborate machinery is re quired to resolve disputes. This im
    plies that our own University " com munity"  is divided on that vener able
    issue of the proper role of the University. In short, why are we here at
    Bucknell? The traditional rationale for a university is that truth is best
    (Continued on Page 3) To Jerry Norton, by way of the editor, I feel it
    necessary to take issue (to put it mildly) with your column " Right On"  in
    the December 3rd issue of The Bucknellian. I am atraia that people are so
    intent upon having the statistics that they never bother to check their
    validity, and you heve provided them with some particularly false ones. At
    least you might have disclosed your source. Did you get the " facts"  from
    Barry Goldwater, or maybe from that un biased source of good tidings, the
    YAF? First, you should check the appropriate article in SciMtific American,

Heading: 9
Content: January 1970. In fact, as of the writing of the article, the U.s . had 2144
    bombers, to the Russian's 600; 1054 (notice please, 10 you give)
    intercontinental ballistic missiles, to Russia s 1350; and 650 submarine
    based missiles, to Russia's 205. So if you wish to then throw out the
    bombers the U.S. holds a 1710 to 1555 advantage. And have you, Mr. Norton,
    any knowledge of MIRV's? No, they are not part of some fraternity
    initiation, they are Multiple Independent^ Targeted Reentry Vehicles. With
    the use of MIRV's every missile we tov e can be equipped to handle more than
    one warhead (some up t o l 4 .  at present) ThVarticle carefully points out
    that when we deploy MHtVs. which we are now doing, we will have by 1975,
    5120 submarine aal 3000 I CBM warheads aimed at our enemies. Do you care to
    add that p. Russia too may decide to go ahead and deploy MIRV's in which
    case by 1975 she will have 5695 total warheads deliverable. And on top of
    this you can throw in, or out if you choose, our bombers, and our tactical
    nuclear weapons that are scattered all around the Russian borders. The
    figures are in the library for anyone honest enough to check You also might
    check the article in August 1969 Scientific American entitled <<<<Military
    Technology and National Security." If you check the chart on page 20Vyou
    will find the above figures substantiated and the source is the Senate
    Foreign Relations Committee. Then take a look at the November 16, 1970 issue
    of The Nation. The article is by Steve d 'Arazien, a free-lance writer and
    says, in part, r or several months now, the Navy has been quietly selling
    Its hWe known, multibillion-dollar ULMS project. ULM S stands for Undersea
    tang- Range Missile System. . . Laird has spoken of ULMS degP(r)5atlve 1978
    --if we start now. With this in mind, the Department of Defense has given
    the Navy the go ahead to request $130 million, a threefold ^crease of this
    year's ULMS expenditure, when fiscal 1972 budgets are submitted in January.
    . . . The range of a Polaris missile is 2,300 to <<BOO " * * ^ * PS * * * "
    are classified); that of the ULMS missile will have a range of 6000 to 7000
    miles Instead of the sixteen missiles in Polaris, ULMS, according to one
    (tm)xrert S i  carry twenty-four. Instead of being MIRVed to carry fourteen
    warheads per missile, as in Poseidon, ULMS missfles may carry seven t h  If
    so one sub could knock out between 300 and 400 enemy cities. So there we go
    again. This project is expected to cost at least $15 billion according to
    the project supporters, and around ^ billion accor^ ing to those who are
    used to the poor estimates of project costs lately (C?5A transport, etc.).
    The estimate of our capabilities m 1975, according to the article is: " By
    1975, barring an improbable agreement limiting the already deployed multiple
    warheads, the thirty-one Poseidon and ten Polaris boats will carry 7,424
    warheads. Landbased missiles will be MIRVed to carry 2000 warheads. (Some of
    these have been deployed.) SAC B-52s and F B -llls will carry 2,160
    warheads. Grand total, 11,M4 warheads, excluding the tactical nuclear
    weapons. Thus by 1975 the United States plans to have an overkill factor of
    twenty-eight. $ The thing that irks m e most is that this letter will
    perhaps make it into the " Letters to the Editor"  column and go unnoticed,
    while your false statistics received much better notice I hope son *
    peopletak e time to check on such figures. I do not expect people to.believe
    me, but at least I include the sources so they can check for themselves.
    However the real point is that we will never solve our security nroblems by
    spending on bigger and better systems of destruction. The oroblem is
    political and we must not let the military run our decisions. Unless we make
    significant attempts to deal with the causes of tewnon in the world we will
    only prolong this wasteful spending. We are like the doctor who pumps his
    patient full of pain killers but never thinks to try to cure the illness. It
    is about time the world grew up; and let America be one of thenations to try
    to cure the patient. Andrew M. Hig gins

Heading: I I
Content: (Continued from Page 2) pursued in an autonomous institu tion. Today this
    rationale is chal lenged by those who would plunge the University into
    politics (and necessarily, vice versa). In my opinion, this notion is un
    sound for three reasons. First, be cause it violates the integrity of the
    individual in that a majority of a group presumes to speak for its members.
    This often involves the re-allocation of resources due the individual (Le.,
    class time, pro fessorial resources, etc.) for pur poses of which he may not
    have ap proved. In this regard it is often urged that our " general"  strike
    last year violated no one's rights since individuals could still attend
    classes (if no cancelled!) and pro fessors could still hold class. The point
    missed here is that profes sors have no right to cancel their classes for
    political reasons--the student is paying tuition, not mak ing contributions
    to a political cadre. Those students and faculty who wish to be politically
    active may do as " theatre people"  do, for instance, and devote their free
    time to their interests. Second, despite some stridently voiced opinions,
    the truth is not all that clear. My own convictions have solidified somewhat
    of late, but this was possible only after quiet reflection -- it was not a
    re sult of the partisan, polarized at mosphere of strike week. We shall
    never solve our problems without a realistic apprasial of where we are,
    where we ought to be, and how we can get there. Such things cannot be
    decided by popular vote. And now that eighteen year olds can vote, the need
    for education and reflection is even more cru cial: how many of us were as
    po litically aware at age eighteen as we are (or should be) now? Finally,
    the notion that universi ties can somehow descend onto the political stage
    like a deus ex ma- china to resolve man's problems is a myth. The sorry
    history of the politicized Church and the politi cized University in other
    countries tells us that when an institution as a whole enters politics it
    becomes corrupted and useless as a tool of reform. I do not suggest that we
    <<as individuals must remain aloof. I merely urge that it cannot be the
    purpose of the University to act as a political party. The University can
    and should equip its graduates to challenge and change the unac ceptable
    conditions we find. To go further is to destroy the best mir ror our society
    has--the only in stitution which train individuals to make dispassionate,
    objective, moral judgments. To the individual I say " get involved."  To the
    Uni versity I say " keep out!" I believe then that the Senate controversy in
    many ways reduces to a question of who will have the power to determine the
    goals of this institution. Those who wish to plunge the University into
    politics push for a single center of power so that by a simple majority they
    may convert Bucknell into a po litical weapon. That is the real issue behind
    Senate--do we put all our heads on one block to be chop ped off? I do not
    believe that my view consigns the University to irrele vance. Nothing is
    more relevant at this pass in human history than knowledge. Consider the
    latest cause celebre--ecology. Was en vironmental deterioration discover ed
    by popular vote? No, this was the work of highly -trained scien tists. Will
    the problem be solved by good intentions and loud words? Well, these may be
    necessary to a degree, but unless coupled with sound knowledge of economics,
    politics, biology, industrial meth ods, etc. our good intentions may only
    pave the road to a new helL If the University adheres to its traditional way
    of life, it can per- for an invaluable, irreplaceable * function. If it
    becomes a political tool, it dissipates whatever value it may have. Already
    our commitment to learning is under serious attack. At present we spend only
    28 weeks out of the year (exclusive of finals) in the pursuit of learning.
    One hundred and forty days! And now a  proposal exists to shave a few more
    days from the schedule with a pre-election recess (again for political
    activity. Do workers get paid vacations to campaign?). The pun is a sorry
    one, but if we use our wits for only half a year, we run the risk of
    becoming half-wits. Let us be done with the Senate and politicking and on
    with our proper business--teaching and learning. Sincerely, William J. Mates
    '71

Heading: Concerts Coming
Content: To the Editor: I had hoped to have a few words of Christmas cheer to give every
    one before the break about next semester's concert series (yes, Virginia,
    there will be a series), but I must confess that we are still struggling
    through stacks of paper bell, James Brown, Crosby, Stills Nash and Young,
    Joe Cocker (no announcement about any future plans have been released), Bill
    Cosby, Bob Dylan, The Doors, Fire- sign Theatre (we have been nego tiating
    for over a year with this act, but they will not do college tours), Jackson
    Five, Led Zepplin, Paul McCartney, Rolling Stones. Simon and Garfunkel,
    Santana, Elvis Presley, Three Dog Night, Traffic (not coming to the U.S.
    until June), James Taylor, and Ringo Starr. I am reluctant to mention who we
    are trying to buy for next se mester simply because if we make

Heading: The Master's Hand
Content: 'Twas battered and scarred, and the auctioneer Thought is scarcely worth his
    while To waste much time on the old violin, But held it up with a smile. "
    What am I bidden, good folks?"  he cried; Two dollars, and who'll make it
    three? " Three dollars, once . . . .  three dollars, twice . . . . Going for
    three" . . . but no- From the room far back a grey-haired man Came forward
    and picked up the bow; Then wiping the dust from the old violin, And
    tightening up all the strings, He played a melody, pure and sweet, As sweet
    as an angel sings. The music ceased, and the auctioneer, With a voice that
    was quiet and low, Said, " What am I bid for the old violin?" And he held it
    up with the bow. A thousand dollars . . . .  and who'll make it two? " Two
    thousand . . . .  and who'll make it three? " Three thousand onoe, and three
    thousand twice, " And going, and gone,"  said he. The people cheered, but
    some of them cried, " We do not quite understand . . . . " What changed its
    worth?"  The man replied, " The touch of the master's hand." And many a man
    with life out of tune, And battered and tom  with sin Is auctioned cheap to
    a thoughtles s crowd, Much like the old violin. A mess of pottage, a glass
    of wine, A game--and he travels on; He's going once, and going twice, He's
    going and almost gone. But the Master comes, and the foolish crowd Never can
    quite understand The worth of a soul and the change that's wrought By the
    touch of the Master's hand. and collect phone calls to try and discover who
    will be alive and well and touring around Lewisburg. . . Quite briefly, this
    is the problem: This is probably the worst buying time ever for booking good
    talent for a University. Festivals, concert halls and stadiums have made col
    lege tours financially unnecessary for most major artists. In fact, a status
    symbol in the industry is too be able to make the group's asking cycle. Now
    if you could just get college tours; this is what the pre sent trend is with
    most of the well known artists. The conflict which we must try to resolve
    therefore, is the fact that the groups which are the most popular, and are
    selling the most records, are not available simply because they are selling
    a lot of records, and because they know that they are the groups which the
    people want to hear. . . so they don't tour, and wait for a few price so
    high that they can't play earn thousands of dollars without having to do any
    work. It's the old supply and demand major concert dates so they can
    everyone in the country to stop buying James Taylor's records, why, in, just
    a few months it would be easy to bring him here. . . So, maybe the best I
    can do at this time is to tell you who is not available, and then perhaps
    you can understand our problem a bit better: Creedence Clearwater Re vival,
    Johnny Cash, Glenn Camp- " names,"  and we are making a concerted effort to
    bring more cre ativity into the series. We will be filling everyone's
    mailbox with our letter of surprises on Christmas Eve. Until then, get some
    rest, have some fun, and don't waste your money paying outrageous prices for
    rock concerts over the Holidays. . . Best to all, Andrew Meyer Bucknell
    Concert Committee

Heading: Help The POW's
Content: To the Editor: Monday each student will receive under his door a form letter to
    send to Minister Xuan Thuy, chief Hanoi negotiator in Paris, in be half of
    the American prisioners of war held by North Vietnam. The letter asks the
    following of Thuy's government: (1) that a list be published informing the
    U.S. of the names of all Americans being held as prisoners of war (2) that
    the humane treatment of all P.O. W.s be assured (3) that inspection of the
    P.O.W. facilities be allowed. This letter is not political by na ture, but
    rather humanitarian in the consideration of basic human rights. This letter
    mailing effort is in collaboration with the national cam paign initiated by
    the National League of Families of American Prisoners and Missing in
    Southeast Asia to deliver 100 tons of mail to Xuan Thuy by Christmas. The
    recent U.S. raid on the P.O. W. camp at Sontay was the cul mination of much
    growing concern over the plight of P.O.W.s. 339 to 500 Americans are being
    held cap tive by North Vietnam and some

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of living . . . . . .  You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: ask for your free copy of RAGS m agazine
Content: 

Heading: .............
Content: 400 others are listed as missing in action. 2 of the P.O.W.s have been gone for
    more than 6 years, and some 300 more have been missing or in captivity for
    over 4 years. Hanoi, in violation of the Geneva Convention, refuses to
    publish a list of its P.O.W.S on the grounds that they are not P.O.W.s in
    the Geneva sense, but rather regards them as " war criminals."  Not only
    does Hanoi decline from publishing such a list, but refuses as well to
    negoti ate for their release, permit neu trals to inspect the camps, or
    allow the International Committee of the Red Cross free access to the men.
    The captors also control the cor respondence of the P.O.W.s with their
    families and little communi cation has been allowed. Some families or
    P.O.W.s have not known for 3 or 4 years whether son, husband, or father is
    still alive. Please help the P.O.W.s and their families by mailing the
    letter you will receive Monday. The campaign is being sponsored by the Fresh
    man class. Paul Baum

Heading: Papers
Content: Sitting in an Ashtray in Vaughan Lit. on a Sunny Afternoon by Andrew F. Dicker
    Who's office this is I'm  sure I know He lectures in a chair below I'm so
    far behind I'm in a fit Christ these short semesters are full of shit I've
    handed in my second to last A lot better I'll feel when this one to is past
    I'm ready to throw my typewriter up and drop it Come In Hello Sir, I'm
    really sucking for a topic -M yra Brooks Welch any announcements before we
    have signed contracts, then many people will he unnecessairly dissappointed.
    However, since so many people have been inquiring about next se mester,
    there are two things which I will say about our plans. First, that I have
    spent the last three months negotiating with the Grate ful Dead to see if
    there is any possible way for them to appear at our campus. We are still
    working on a very difficult financial ar rangement, and I do not konw at
    this time if it will materialize. They are a very strange lot, but they
    still remain as the most ver- sitle and talented act in the country are a
    very strange lot, but they still remain as the most verstile and talented
    live act in the country today (minimum three hour con cert) so if it is at
    all possible, they will be here. Now, that does not mean they will be here,
    but it means that we are trying. Hi at is the best we can do at this time.
    And so folks, that's where we now stand. We are trying to sort out a lot of
    the hype (maybe it's a bless ing that a lot of the big record acts don't
    tour--most of them are pathetic on stage without their studio musicians and
    eight track over dubbing tape recorders), and find the real talent that lies
    under neath. We are also expanding our view towards the new and exciting art
    forms which are now becoming available to colleges. We will not compromise
    good talent just to buy

Heading: EUROPE FOR CHRISTMAS?
Content: 

Heading: Round Tip Air Fare only $185.00
Content: 

Heading: New York to London. London to New York.
Content: 

Heading: DECEMBER 22nd TO JANUARY 4TH
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities available in Great Britain,
Content: 

Heading: (Summer Only). Discounts, Charter Flights and various
Content: 

Heading: other services.
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION,
Content: 

Heading: Anglo
Content: 

Heading: America
Content: 

Heading: Association,
Content: 

Heading: 60A.
Content: 

Heading: Pyle St., Newport, I.W , England:
Content: 

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: School of Law
Content: 

Heading: Hofstra University
Content: 

Heading: ...the newest in the nation and the first In
Content: 

Heading: New York State in over 40 years, and opened
Content: 

Heading: 1970
Content: 

Heading: Applications for admission of a limited
Content: 

Heading: number of selected students now being
Content: 

Heading: considered for the first-year program in
Content: 

Heading: SEPTEMBER, 1971
Content: 

Heading: FOR
Content: 

Heading: ADMISSION INFORMATION,
Content: 

Heading: CALL, WRITE, OR VISIT
Content: 

Heading: SCHOOL OF LAW
Content: 

Heading: HOFSTRA UNIVERSITY
Content: 

Heading: HEMPSTEAD, LONG ISLAND, N.Y. 11550
Content: 

Heading: TELEPHONE (516) 560-3636
Content: . YV OFS T R4. *{//VjVERSlT"f'

Heading: f
Content: DECEMBER 11, 1970

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: Something for Everyone's Taste in January
Content: The ABS Jan Plan committee ias released this calendar of events or the month. It
    is reproduced iere so that it may be cut out for eference during the month.
    Other tentative events for the nonth include theatrical plays pre sented by
    other universities and >y the Jan Plan theatre group on campus, a skiing
    trip to nearby !lopes or possibly discount rates :or students, ice skating
    (Class of

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: 973
Content: project) in Lewisburg and Junbury, and a poetry reading by 3ugh Seedman, a noted
    poet. The calendar is flexible and things may be added up to and in- *iuding
    January. If you are in- .erested in organizing something :or the University
    community call Len Clayton at 1067 before De cember 19 or Tom Hoye at 1535
    during January. This calendar will be supple mented with a list of events
    taking place at Penn State, Susquehanna, Lycoming and Gettysburg. A letter
    will also be sent out to those students who will be here for the month
    explaining more fully some of the events listed above. The members of the
    Jan Plan committee include Dr. John Tilton, Jan Plan chairman, Len Clayton,
    chairman of the Jan Plan Events Committee, Tom Hoye, Lyn Eme- rich, Wendy
    Bone, Don Hess, Jim Nevels, Steve Dykstra, and Sue Dickler. rfto/vb Ay

Heading: O
Content: buPUCATE Sfttb&c To  uRMArWtwT v t;3 o - H130

Heading: F
Content: ir e s id e 7  !30 8!EM| P i t _ 17 CI)

Heading: W R
Content: F iR e sto e

Heading: REP.
Content: o P w*. (MoMtC 7;3 o

Heading: - 'P
Content: vt "

Heading: C
Content: ow am <<. bw

Heading: R
Content: m 1210 O ,

Heading: COLUMS
Content: A t P,- s , ul . PlRESibE ssoWT. A

Heading: LA
Content: tbu

Heading: R
Content: 1130- *<<*

Heading: y
Content: Jfty.pC.AAU QeeiM-S

Heading: M
Content: o v ie : SI30 "FAIL S A F E * / /

Heading: ARCHERA
Content: f.3o-Z*.3o T O s t i a ) 6 9 h i H- S.30 M O V IE  ( ogtOWOP j:?o in osservatore
    /?r tour nvobeRiO sft/JcE I i3 o ->> ! 3 o fUVtTW EURy>>A q-C !3o M o\ne OR
    viiME Awo Rose*" 2 s r ssAb/VUMTO>>* l !3 o - >> :3 o TUS7IAI w-r-36
    Svuimmif>><< vs.

Heading: ASHWAAO
Content: M O V i e  -*i3o * /VlQfjCi D C A M E " t u b s P A v FteNC/yc t: 3o - V. jo

Heading: V
Content: o s a j i j b - st #7-10 M o v t e . (f o r R >> C  CssSUMC Oft<< +o *1| ) / 2
    ARtH evtv M 3 0 -2 .:3 o

Heading: M
Content: o g a

Heading: G
Content: u /YN ** Pool 7 -1 0 / 0 A/l/CCEfiR REACT tK !7  PSiCH. CA0 TOVAS MofteftN
    novice I>>')<<- + Pool 7 - / 0 2 6 gAOWUMTBN i:3o-ES3o 70GA - 3'30-S1 Gym +
    7 -1 0 wePyesoAv FfeNt l<< S i : i o - t :3 o 9-$:3e

Heading: TU-S
Content: t / m Gym 7 - 9 ss A S k e T o A U . vs.

Heading: R
Content: ochester a

Heading: A
Content: rcher / /*'3 >> -l!lo tosti >> Gy/n 7 - 7

Heading: M
Content: icroc

Heading: A
Content: b (?) 7/1 e(?ee/u//o:/ s e

Heading: TOUR
Content: MObER/J UAUCE |!IO-l!IO TUST/N CVrtt q -S !3 o M o v i e ,, V 6cbA2tLEC> >>130 2
    7 QAb/MUTOIvl l'.3o-2.\3 0 TU S TiN  6-irA H i-S '. l O 7 - 7 THejtiJs ST/CC
    77/HS TO AOO S ozr KTH/A/ff THuAt P/4V

Heading: 7
Content: 

Heading: F ENOW G
Content: K * o -t:3 o

Heading: V
Content: osa 3-3>>-r y JA E -S TtlM G - vs. E.U* A & ertHTCMfM Gym + CoTsi 7-10 ARcHeRy i
    :3 >>- e :3 o

Heading: V
Content: oga - 3'-3o-r G ym  * Pool 7 - / 0 ^2/ fMysicAc. PciiA/r TOVA ->>:3o-/;oo MODERN
    bAMCE l ; j >> - 2 ! 3 o

Heading: V
Content: oga - 3i3o-sr Gym + Piol 7 - / 0 25* BAbMllUTOA PSe-TVJO V o g a - v.3o-<r Gym +
    Pool 7 -1 0

Heading: F
Content: rio a y pe/vc/A/G U 3 o -2 !3 o V- S'.30 TUST/N GVM 7 -9 C O f F E E

Heading: H
Content: o u s e ? - f /S " ARc>>ERy /#'38-2!3o

Heading: T
Content: osti >> Gvm 9-F.'?o tfS o S 1 * S ock ffoF ? - ii ! SWrUGbAY TUSTifs) Ci m a-ty
    SSASCE7/SALC- CocsAre 7--I deg  Tusrtiv svm Sw iM m trJG - VS. a Amy 8
    A5kcr8Ai.i. 5VRAcvse us, 0-7 TUVriN T o u ft- T.oi-'/.'oo MOtXsR/V bAWCE
    l!3o-2.:3o TUST//V/ S7/VI V-S! ?o 7 -  9

Heading: BA
Content: a /O

Heading: CO
Content: w

Heading: A
Content: a / e .'s c v ^ 5 1 ^ - 9-1 (?) c<<Ave A t 2 ? So.I* mi ftloll i:3 o -itio

Heading: T
Content: cjgtiw 6um ( / - n o

Heading: 7-9
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: ustiw <<ym 2 , - y SvJ)fwm\>>o<i , CoCMCU. MJRE57U0JC v SrrrysecAG CowA/u - Bos
    t-EAves

Heading: 1210
Content: 

Heading: V
Content: l.8o *J^ tustiiu <<-ym

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: - IT
Content: V/RESTtlM* V*. Ri bene ssASRETSAC.1. vs ?rrr

Heading: President Watts' Interview
Content: (Continued from Page 1) ill lose that much more in fringe ?nefit value. How will
    this effect our ability i attract and hold onto top fac- Ity? Watts mentions
    the recent amegie Commission report con- erning the financial status of in-
    titutions of higher education as an nportent source of information jr a
    proper answer to this ques- ion. " A number of private in- titutions are in
    severe trouble ac- ording to the Commission," he re narked. " But there are
    many cri- eria by which a faculty member hooses where he desires to work:
    enumeration, quality of his fellow acuity, quality of facilities, the at-
    nosphere of the campus (tense or <<laxed) are some of those cri- .eria,"  he
    said. "Since our situation has not changed too much yet, the problem is not
    dramatically different from what it was last year," he con cluded. It should
    be noted that there seems to be a national trend for top university profs to
    be moving from the private campus to the public one, where the pay is far
    superior. At least two instances of this can be cited here during the last
    two years. Black students has been an area of concern to Watts, also.
    Although some of the recommendations he received last May from the sub
    committee of the College of Arts and Sciences have remained un attended,
    Watts emphasizes his committment in this area. " We have been trying to
    recom-

Heading: Lel s Get It Straight
Content: 

Heading: 60ING IT ALONE
Content: 

Heading: Q
Content: uestion : Why don't you stop telling people to depend on God and encourage them
    to stand on their own two feet?

Heading: A
Content: nswer : Everybody laughs at the advertising slogan, "Please, Mother, I'd rather
    do it m yself!" But it contains much truth that isn't funny. A  young woman
    who won a coveted award smiled when her mother said, "I was pray ing you
    would get it." "W ell, thank you,"  she replied, "but I earned this by my
    own hard work."  Some people feel so sure o f their self-sufficiency that
    they resent any implica tion that they owe God a word of thanks for the good
    things that come their way. *> Such an attitude could be justified only if a
    person were able to say, "I conceived myself, I gave birth to my self, I
    endowed myself with all my talents and abilities, I raised myself, I taught
    my self all I know, I can control my present and my future, I have proved
    there is nothing beyond the grave, and in view o f all this I have no need
    of God." Dag Hammarskjold wisely remarked, "God does not die on the day
    anyone ceases to believe in Him."  But you and I die if we fail to discover
    and fulfill God's purpose in creating us. It is a sad thing to miss out on
    life's best here, and to forfeit all right to life hereafter, just because
    you insist " I'd rather do it my self!" The Bible tells o f a wealthy farmer
    who boasted to him self, " Man, you have plenty o f good things laid up for
    years to come. Eat, drink, and be merry."  But God said to him, "Thou fool,
    this night thy soul shall be required of thee."  If life ended for you
    tonight, would you dare to face God with your little handful of achievements
    and boast, "I did it all myself" ? mend black professors when va cancies
    arise, the library has set aside a portion of its budget to purchase
    additional materials in this area, several symposia on the black experience
    have been sched uled, and several departments have scheduled lecturers with
    competen cies in this area." When asked about the recom mendation for the
    hiring of a Co ordinator of Black Studies, Watts simply states " We have
    failed in our efforts so far, although we con tinue to try."

Heading: Committee
Content: (Continued from Page 1) Academic Regulations Committee will consider at a
    meeting today are the continuation of a summer transition program and the
    pro- | posal that the University "take part in the summer recruitment
    program of the Afro-Americans for Educational Opportunity." The nine member
    Committee on Differently Prepared Students came into being in October 1969
    as a sub-committee of the Com mittee on Academic Regulations. The six
    faculty members were elected by the faculty and three student members were
    selected by

Heading: A.B.S.
Content: The purpose of the committee was to " study the University's re sources for
    possible programs for differently prepared students with particular
    attention to the problems of the black student."

Heading: Something Special for
Content: 

Heading: that Special Someone?
Content: 

Heading: Visit
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Friday, December 11 5:45 p.m. Classes for First Semester End Jewish Services
    6:30 p.m. 7:00 and 8:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. Cap & Dagger: "The Serpent" Hilltop:
    " Divarce, Italian Style" Saturday, December 12 8:00 a.m. Graduate Record
    Examinations 6:15 p.m. Freshman Basketball vs. Mansfield 8:00 p.m. Varsity
    Basketball vs. DePauw Sunday, December 13 1:00 a.m. Catholic Mass 10:30 a.m.
    Chapel: Dr. John 0. Mellin 3:00 p.m. Cocktail Theatre: " The Maids"  by 4:00
    p.m. Catholic Mass 9:00 p.m. University Christmas Caroling and Campus
    Meditation Chapel Coleman Hall Theatre Vaughan Lit And. Vaughan Lit. Aud.
    State Davis Gymnasium Davis Gymnasium Rooke Chapel Rooke Chapel Genet
    Coleman Hall Theatre Rooke Chapel Party and Larison Dining Hall

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: Theatre
Content: Anyone interested in participat ing in a Jan Plan Program in the theatre contact
    Stuart White at3447 as soon as possible.

Heading: CONTAC
Content: The Conference on the Atlantic Community, CONTAC, is sponsor ing its fourth
    international student conference at Georgetown Univers ity February 5-10.
    Formal invitations for nomina tions to the Conference will be sub mitted to
    Dean Pacala of the Col lege of Arts and Sciences.

Heading: Greeks Sponsor
Content: 

Heading: Christmas Party
Content: Sunday, December 6, the Lambda Chi Alpha Fraternity and the Kap pa Kappa Gamma
    sorority spon sored a Christmas party for 30 un derprivileged children from
    Lewis burg and neighboring communities. Held from 3 to 6:30 p.m. at the
    Lambda Chi house, the party was highlighted by a visit from Santa Claus,
    also known as Fred Boettke, who distributed gifts to Hie child ren. The
    children, who ranged in age from four to sixteen, were provided with dinner
    and refreshments. For free booklet, " T he

Heading: O
Content: rigin of

Heading: L
Content: ife and

Heading: L
Content: ight ," write to BOX 327. RIDGEFIELD. N. J. 07657. Dept BU

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: DECEMBER 11. 1970
Content: 

Heading: Corsages -
Content: 

Heading: Stein's
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 5243933
Content: 

Heading: Lost
Content: A black leather wallet with the identification of Tom McKenna has been lost.
    Anyone who recovers the wallet is urged to call 524-2917.

Heading: Volunteers
Content: Volunteers are needed to help construct a skating rink. Anyone who is interested
    in the effort should be at the practice football field at 10:00 a.m.
    tomorrow.

Heading: Third World
Content: Anyone interested in spending some time during January helping formulate a third
    world program on development should get in touch with Scott Evanson (3568)
    before vacation.

Heading: Register
Content: Students 18 years old and older should consider registering to vote when they
    are home over vacation. The constitutionality of the en franchisement of
    18-year olds is be fore the Supreme Court and has not been decided yet, but
    election officials are registering 18 to 21 ^ year olds in separate
    registers, to be included in the regular registers should file Supreme Court
    approve.

Heading: Exam
Content: The national teacher examina tions will be given at the Uni versity Jan. 30,
    1971, according to Dr. Walter H. Sauvain, professor of education. Bulletins
    describing registration procedures and containing registra tion forms may be
    obtained from Dr. W. H. Sauvain. r

Heading: I
Content: t l i ) 4 e * e r e It y te

Heading: B.
Content: in le ty :a

Heading: s
Content: 

Heading: Draft Resister's Options:
Content: 

Heading: Prison Life or Canada
Content: 

Heading: (Serpent' Stages Success
Content: By DEAN LANDEW Features Editor's Note: This is file second part of a two-part
    series on the conscientious objector and the draft. The procedure for
    applying as a conscientious objector can be lengthy but is not particularly
    com- plicatel. The CO claimant, however, should be well aware of all the de
    tails involved. It is most advantageous to apply as a CO upon receiving
    Selective Service System Form 100, the ini tial classification form. Waiting
    un til a later date may cause the claimant's board to question the depth of
    his conviction and sin cerity. One merely needs to sign his name to Series
    VIII of this form, which is a simple statement of re quest for SSS Form 150,
    the special for for conscientious objectors. The claimant will usually
    receive this form within six weeks of his request. He then has 30 days in
    which to fill out the form, which contains four questions regarding the type
    of training the applicant has had and the nature of his be lief, and return
    it to his draft board (the letter may be postmarked as late as the 30th
    day). This deadline is important, as the punctuality of the claimant may be
    considered by his board as evidence of his sincerity. If the claimant is
    already de ferred, his Form 150 will not be acted upon until his present
    defer ment expires, unless the Claimant specifically asks that his case be
    considered. For example, a student classification n-S will not have his 0 0
    claim acted upon until his other deferment expires. At any rate, a man who
    is on record in the Selective Service System can not be drafted until he has
    exhausted all possibilities of derefment. In other words, as long as a an
    has signed Series VIII of SSS Form 100, he can not be in ducted until his
    board has notified him as to his classification in this area. down, he has
    30 days to request a state appeal. Unlike the personal appearance, the
    claimant does not see his board or any other; only his file will be
    considered by the state board. The claimant, there fore, should add any new
    evidence to his file by mail that may rein force his case. The state board
    will mail its de cision and vote to the claimant. If he is unanimously
    rejected, the claimant can only ho pe to sway his government appeal agent to
    ask his state director to request the state appeal board to reconsider his
    case. If there is a split vote, which is rare, the claimant can then re
    quest within 30 days of his state appeal result a Presidential ap peal. A
    three-man review panel will consider the claimant's file and inform him of
    its decision. Personal Appearances In all probability, the claimant will
    have to appear before his local board for a personal interview at the
    board's convenience. The claim ant will be asked questions much like the
    ones outlined in last week's article, and he should be prepared to rise up
    to the most hostile encounters. Personal interviews at local draft boards
    across the country can be arbitrary, antagonistic and unpre dictable; they
    can also be brief and relatively liberal. In any case, the CO claimant
    should be as artic ulate and calm as possible, and ob viously, well versed
    on his particu lar position. The board will probably mail its decision to
    the claimant within a short time. If he is classified I-O, the CO then
    submits his request for a job for alternate civilian service. Otherwise, the
    board will offer three johs. If he is classified I-A-0 (non- combatant
    duty), the CO will be informed at to the date of his in duction and then
    will probably be gin training as a medic. If the claimant is denied either
    of these classifications, he may then request, in writing, a personal
    appearance within 30 days of re ceiving his new classification, which might
    be I-A. The CO claim ant should not ask for an appeal. The claimant merely
    requests a personal appearance and may state what classification he feels be
    de serves. Then the cdaimant should submit by mail copies of any let ters
    and evidence that he feels would and his case. Board regulations do not
    allow a claimant to be represented by a lawyer at a personal appearance, but
    a lawyer could certainly ac company a claimant as a witness. Afterwards, it
    is wise to make the most accurate transcript pos sible of the appearance,
    which will probably be quite brief. The claim ant should then send a copy of
    this to his board for his file. Such a transcript could help the claimant if
    a state appeal or court appear ance is necessary. State Appeal If the
    claimant is again turned Alternatives If he is rejected, the (X) claim ant's
    options are four in number: he may accept induction (highly unlikely for a
    CO who reaches the Presidential board); he may try to delay induction in
    hopes of finding new evidence which could reopen his case at the local
    level; he may take his case to court and try to avoid jail; or he may leave
    the country. The last two alternatives are ones of which all COs should be
    aware. Men who leaove the country or go to jail fall into two categories:
    non cooperators, who refuse outright to submit to the draft in any way, and
    unsuccessful cooperators, who at tempt to "work within the system" but. are
    somehow denied a request ed deferment status. Prison Life There is currently
    a relatively small but growing number of un successful cooperators in
    prison. Some of these are unsuccessful CO claimants. The prison term for a
    man con victed of violating the Selective Service Act of 1967 is five years.
    Generally, however, most draft pro secution sentences last, an average of
    three years, based on good be havior. Prison life is decidedly regiment ed,
    but an unsuccessful CO who faces this alternative can use this period to his
    best advantage by working internally for prison re form, organizing creative
    activities for inmates, and assessing himself personally. Unfortunately,
    prison life remains quite structured, and prisoners often face many
    restrictions in the number of correspondences they may maintain, the length
    of letters and the number of letters they may write per week, and the number
    of visits from family, fiancees, and business associates they may re ceive
    per month. Off To Canada Emigration offers a very differ ent alternative.
    Unsuccessful CO claimants, whose beliefs are so strong that they feel they
    can no longer submit to the American judicial process, may decide to go to
    Canada. This will probably mean that such a person will never return to this
    country, as he would face prosecu tion regardless of his age im mediately
    upon his return. Although the Canadian govern ment does not offer official
    refuge for American draft resisters of any sort, an unsuccessful CO claimant
    who decides to emigrate to Canada can be admitted as a visitor, a student,
    or a landed immigrant.

Heading: A
Content: visitor may stay for six months; a student may stay for a year at a time,
    dependent upon the continuation of his studies; and a landed immigrant may
    stay per manently and apply for citizenship five years after his arrival.
    The many ramifications of being a conscientious objector have been outlined
    in these two articles. Any draftable male in this country may apply for this
    status at any time until his induction, but it is a posi tion which requires
    individual depth of conviction and sincerity. Detailed information on this
    sub ject can be obtained from the Central Committee for Conscien tious
    Objectors, 2016 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, Pa. 19103. (Continued from Page
    1) that is so exciting. In concrete terms, this means that the director has
    structured the piece as a series of tasks for the actor: Become a fly, a
    crab, or a heron and explore your body in this new role. Become frames in a
    film of the Kennedy slaying and play yourselves back in reverse and at
    different speeds. Perform the First Murder. Dance. Search for a mate among
    the universe of people sur rounding you. Grow old. Die. Find a new life in
    singing the absurd strains of "By The Light of The Silvery Moon." Each time
    an actor performs one of these tasks, it is a new ex perience. The intensity
    required to fulfill each command becomes a spark of energy that penetrates
    the playing area and holds the audi ence spellbound. Each transformation is
    a play in itself, and the production's only flaw, if it can be called a
    flaw, is that there are so many transfor mations in so many parts of the
    playing area, often simultaneously, that we could see the piece five times
    and never see everything. Finally, the audience is given more than enough to
    do, to watch, and to experience. But as Trevor Lewis has fo rmed it. this
    Serpent is more than a series of actor's exercises. He has not sacraficed
    his own craft to the actors'. For although he has seen much of his job as
    giving the actors a series of physical questions to answer, he has arranged
    the ques tions in such a way that each has a bearing on the text's ultimate
    search. As he puts it in his pro gram notes, "where are we at? What are the
    boundaries we are stuck at and how have they become fixed?" Lewis has used
    directorial tech nique to accent the textual struc ture. A taped heartbeat
    takes us to the Garden of Eden and fore shadows the rhythm of a chant he
    will give the chorus to sing as ac tors perform the sex-birth-death ritual.
    The " warm-up" exercises sug gested in the printed version are changed here
    to a kind of overture in which we see the physical

Heading: )
Content: 

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: MTPS
Content: 

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: deg
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: jTy^O-/
Content: ENGAGED: Pat Brock, Alpha Chi '71 to Jim Hagan, KDR '71 Margaret Connelly, '72
    (Paterson State College) to Glen Winter, '72 Nancy DeBono (Suffolk Com
    munity College) to Frank Bonacci, '74 Kathy McKittrik to Larry Diehl, KDR
    '71 Beth Zydor, '72 to Lee Voorhees Ronnie Hilles, '71 BG to Jack Hittson,
    '71 (Princeton) Joie Croner to Lance Bozenhard Please send all announcements
    of pinnings, engagements and/or weddings to " Private Eye's new author at
    Box B-697. energy and anarchy from which the actors' metaphors will emerge:
    a free-for-all interupted with tab leaux that will take on a new mean ing as
    the piece unfolds. Through a real understanding of the kind of theatre in
    which he has chosen- to work, Lewis has avoided all of the pitfalls of the
    medium. He has kept the text in tact and taught his actors to speak it
    intelligently, intelligibly, and powerfully. He has arranged them physically
    into evocrative images: Cast members of Cap and Dagger's

Heading: 'THE SERPENT'
Content: prove that simple scenery and cost umes can combine to create a mean ingful and
    effec tive production. Under the guiding | hand of Trevor Lewis, actors per
    form 'intelligently, I powerfully, and in- I telligibly.' a kaleidoscope, a
    serpent, ized funeral procession. The real paradox and proof of his art is
    that in this theatre which comes from improvisation and free dom of idea and
    movement, Lewis has allowed plenty of room for ex pression and none for
    anarchy. James D. Lyons' lighting not only provides a strobe light timed to
    the beat of a human heart, but accents the piece's physical and emotional
    crescendos. Stuart White's setting provides plenty of space, an eight-foot
    tower from which the slain Kennedy can fall, and even scaffolding from which
    the aldience can best view Lewis' carefully planned over-all movement
    patterns. Ruth Brinen's costumes are pro perly minimal, yet even within the
    careful framework she has allowed

Heading: HAVE THE
Content: 

Heading: LOW EST CO ST
Content: 

Heading: SAFE. LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: Scheduled
Content: 

Heading: Immediately.
Content: ( 2 1 2 )  4 9 0 -3 6 0 0 24 HOURS-- 365 DAYS

Heading: professional scheduling
Content: 

Heading: servlcess, Inc.
Content: 545 fifth avenue, new york, n . y. 10017 herself, she has provided some costumes
    that actually seem part of the setting, to have been splash ed with color
    from the dapipled floor. It would be a disservice to single out members of
    the company, for they are just that, a real ensemble. Even milling about the
    stage after the performance, there is not one " actor" present here, only
    people involved in an event, the cele brants of an important ritual, hu man
    beings who have achieved something special and who are sharing it in the
    best possible way: with love. Their discipline and in volvement is in itself
    a moral to the story. If you can get in, see The Ser pent. Even the house
    management seems so dedicated to the project they are seating people
    anywhere they will fit. If you still can't get in, talk to someone who
    could. He'll have something to say. * * * Note: There will be two per
    formances Friday evening, at 7:00 and 8:30 p.m.

Heading: SUMMER
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: EUROPE for $199.00
Content: 

Heading: June 2 to August 28--New York
Content: (Round Trip)

Heading: CALL BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: (Open only to Bucknell Students and Price Based on 60 Seats)

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: 210
Content: 

Heading: I EUROPE
Content: 

Heading: Round-trip DC-8 J E T
Content: 

Heading: from New York
Content: For only $210* round trip, Icelandic Airlines flies you di rect to Luxembourg In
    the heart of Europe for best connections to everywhere. Daily jets. No
    groups to join. Stay one day or up to 45. Fly Icelandic-- for low est fares
    to Iceland, Luxem bourg, England, Scotland, Nor way, Sweden and Denmark.
    Special fares for students and groups remaining overseas more than 45 days.
    Major credit cards -- or Pay Later Plan. Mail coupon; then call your travel
    agent. 1 *Add $20 oneway on Fri. and Sat. To: Icelandic Airlines 630 Fifth
    Ave., N.Y. 10020 j (212) PL 7-8585 Send folder CN on Lowest Jet Fares to
    Europe # Student i Fares Q

Heading: North Front Street
Content: 

Heading: 17 Bound Avenue
Content: 

Heading: 742-9392
Content: 

Heading: 742-8818
Content: 

Heading: DAN'S
Content: 

Heading: USED
Content: 

Heading: FURNITURE
Content: 

Heading: MILTON, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: HOURS: MON., TUES., THURS., FRI, 1=00 TO 9:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: SAT. 9:00 A:M: TO 5:00 PJ4.
Content: 

Heading: CLOSED ALL DAY WED.
Content: Name- Street- City __ State-- My travel agent is -Z lp -

Heading: !CELANDIC
Content: AIRLINES

Heading: AIRFARES
Content: of any scheduled airline

Heading: DEC.
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 11, 1970

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: 

Heading: Features Editor Submits Some Specific 'Parting Shots'
Content: _ ... ___ ... __ it.. ________ w . " Vnn shall above all things

Heading: Pluck the Eagles!
Content: By DAVID HAMMER Much too narrow a view of the January Plan is taken when pre
    dictions are made of the program's shaky future. Those who leave the
    university, not embarking on an investigative program of same sort, are
    accused of taking advantage of the month as another in a series of " never-
    ending vacation"  periods; when " only"  25% of the student popula tion
    remains on campus, critics sense the imminent doom of the Jan-Plan--and feel
    justified in do ing so. Surely, there are some who thankfully use the month
    for " vaca tion:"  skiing, " relaxing"  and, in short, not working
    academically. But there are others (and this writer feels this group is in
    the majority) who utilize the month quite constructively -- although not
    signing up for an " official"  Jan- Plan project.

Heading: PREGNANT. NEED HELP?
Content: 

Heading: PREGNANT? NEED HELP! Abortions are now legal in New
Content: 

Heading: York City up to 24 weeks. The Abortion Referral Service will
Content: 

Heading: provide a quick and inexpensive end to your pregnancy. We
Content: 

Heading: are a member of the National Organization to Legalize Abor
Content: 

Heading: tion. CALL 1-215-878-5800 for totally confidential informa
Content: 

Heading: tion! There are no shots or pills to terminate a pregnancy.
Content: 

Heading: These medications are intended to induce a late period only.
Content: 

Heading: A good medical test is your best 1st action to insure your
Content: 

Heading: chance for choice. Get a test immediately. Our pregnancy
Content: 

Heading: counseling service will provide totally confidential alterna
Content: 

Heading: tives to your pregnancy. We have a long list of those we
Content: 

Heading: have already assisted should you wish to verify this service.
Content: 

Heading: COPY OUR NUMBER FOR FUTURE REFERENCE
Content: 

Heading: 1-215-878-5800
Content: For instance, the month of Jan. uary offers individuals the oppor tunity to
    visit friends whom he, ordinarily, rarely sees because of distances between
    them; summer jobs do not provide one much time to take long trips visiting
    those who are states or oceans away. For those who have had an emo tional,
    disheartening semester, the month can permit one to readjust and re-think
    his personality and, in a very real sense his " being,"  by allowing the
    individual to remove himself from the university which has held him for
    almost too long a perio d. Definitely, to those dismayed by the " university
    experience"  after a number of years, this effect of removal can be quite
    welcome, and should not be misunderstood or un derestimated. In addition,
    such a " getting away from it all" may enable one to function much more
    effectively in the second semester than he could were he to return to the
    university in early January. Many obtain employment during the Jan-Plan's
    run; can this action be justified? When one realizes that $3700 a year is
    involved in remain ing, and that the students here have only intellect and
    not income in common, surely an affirmative conclusion can be reached.
    Finally, if January trips to for eign countries can be justified, with
    little value extending beyond their vacation aspects (and there seem to be
    some programs exist ing like this), surely a visit home and with friends may
    be in order and, hopefully, not be denied. * * * Someone recently commented
    that this paper's editorial page, and writings of other publications, too
    often assert the presence of a " uni versity type"  here (an apathetic
    person, etc.), and that such a mass- categorization is as valid as Presi
    dent Nixon's " silent majority" grouping, and no more so. This writer would
    remark that, probably, categorizing one basic " type" of persons here is
    some what naive and unnecessary; many individuals exist at this university.
    For example, there are many in dividuals who may be carictured as, in a
    word, " phony" --in fact, very many. Numbers of individuals seem not to care
    about those around them, and indicate such in a great variety of ways. This
    is a general comment, and is meant for your general, honest, thought. * * *
    Here is a poem for your contem plation, too -- submitted by a friend:

Heading: W hy doesn't
Content: 

Heading: General Electric sell new ideas
Content: 

Heading: to the cities instead of
Content: 

Heading: new gadgets to the suburbs?
Content: 

Heading: After thirty years or more of
Content: 

Heading: neglect, there's no question our cities
Content: 

Heading: need help.
Content: 

Heading: But what kind of help?
Content: 

Heading: Will another thousand sanitation
Content: 

Heading: men be the answer to dirty streets?
Content: 

Heading: Will doubling the police force
Content: 

Heading: finally bring crime under control?
Content: 

Heading: Can new rent laws force
Content: 

Heading: landlords to provide more low-
Content: 

Heading: income housing?
Content: 

Heading: All the old, obvious ideas have
Content: 

Heading: been tried. What's needed are new
Content: 

Heading: ideas and new technological
Content: 

Heading: developments.
Content: 

Heading: General Electric has been
Content: 

Heading: working on the problems of cities for
Content: 

Heading: a number of years now. And in that
Content: 

Heading: time we've come up with some
Content: 

Heading: things we think will help.
Content: 

Heading: Garbage
Content: 

Heading: General Electric research has
Content: 

Heading: come up with what is probably the
Content: 

Heading: most revolutionary idea in garbage
Content: 

Heading: disposal in years. Our scientists are
Content: 

Heading: working toward a process by which a
Content: 

Heading: special strain of bacteria converts
Content: 

Heading: garbage into a high-protein food
Content: 

Heading: for cattle.
Content: 

Heading: The process is still something of
Content: 

Heading: a "laboratory trick," but it could be
Content: 

Heading: in the pilot-plant stage in as little
Content: 

Heading: as three years.
Content: 

Heading: Crime
Content: 

Heading: You might not expect a company
Content: 

Heading: like General Electric to be doing
Content: 

Heading: anything about crime.
Content: 

Heading: But the fact is, GE has been
Content: 

Heading: working with the Syracuse police,
Content: 

Heading: looking for a new approach to the
Content: 

Heading: problem. Our scientists there came
Content: 

Heading: up with a whole new concept in
Content: 

Heading: police organization called "Crime
Content: 

Heading: Control Teams."
Content: 

Heading: In their first year, these teams
Content: 

Heading: were credited with cutting crime
Content: 

Heading: 62%  in one large, representative
Content: 

Heading: neighborhood of Syracuse. And the
Content: 

Heading: concept has since been adopted by a
Content: 

Heading: number of other cities.
Content: 

Heading: Housing
Content: 

Heading: To meet the critical need for
Content: 

Heading: new low-income housing, General
Content: 

Heading: Electric is participating in the
Content: 

Heading: Department of Housing and Urban
Content: 

Heading: Development's Operation
Content: 

Heading: Breakthrough.
Content: 

Heading: While GE has no intention of
Content: 

Heading: going into commercial home
Content: 

Heading: building, we do hope to supply the
Content: 

Heading: builder-developer with new products
Content: 

Heading: needed to improve his efficiency.
Content: 

Heading: We now have several design
Content: 

Heading: prototypes of advanced, modular
Content: 

Heading: homes that can be assembled in a
Content: 

Heading: matter of hours.
Content: 

Heading: These are just a few of the new
Content: 

Heading: ideas General Electric has come up
Content: 

Heading: with to help cities at the same time
Content: 

Heading: that we continue to improve
Content: 

Heading: GENERAL
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: ELECTRIC
Content: 

Heading: "gadgets" to help people.
Content: 

Heading: We don't think our home
Content: 

Heading: products are at all unnecessary or
Content: 

Heading: frivolous. If they seem that way, it's
Content: 

Heading: because people have forgotten how
Content: 

Heading: much they rely on them. To wash
Content: 

Heading: dishes. To wash clothes. To keep
Content: 

Heading: warm. To keep cool. To entertain.
Content: 

Heading: And on and on.
Content: 

Heading: New ideas for the cities and
Content: 

Heading: new "gadgets" for the home both
Content: 

Heading: have the same end in mind, after all.
Content: 

Heading: To help people live better.
Content: 

Heading: Why are we running this ad?
Content: 

Heading: We're running this ad, and
Content: 

Heading: others like it, to tell you the things
Content: 

Heading: General Electric is doing to solve
Content: 

Heading: the problems of man and his
Content: 

Heading: environment today.
Content: 

Heading: The problems concern us
Content: 

Heading: because they concern you. We're a
Content: 

Heading: business and you are potential
Content: 

Heading: customers and employees.
Content: 

Heading: But there's another, more
Content: 

Heading: important reason. These problems
Content: 

Heading: will affect the future of this country
Content: 

Heading: and this planet. We have a stake in
Content: 

Heading: that future. As businessmen. And,
Content: 

Heading: simply, as people.
Content: 

Heading: We invite your comments.
Content: 

Heading: Please write to General Electric,
Content: 

Heading: 570 Lexington Ave., New York, N.Y.
Content: 

Heading: 10022
Content: . " You shall above all things be glad and young. For if you're young, whatever
    life you wear it will become you, and if you are glad whatever's living will
    yourself become." -- e. e. cummings * * * One of the weekly events at this
    university which may have escaped notice through the years by some
    individuals is the " Hilltop"  film -- one of the more interest ing,
    worthwhile programs offered here. By its own description, the " Hill top"
    film series is " intended to en hance the cultural life of the uni versity.
    The individual films are chosen on the basis of aesthetic and historic
    values, and the se quence of the films is customarily designed to reveal the
    development of directorial styles and film tech niques, thematic inter-
    relationships, and historic patterns." This semester's subject matter for
    the series has ranged from " War,"  " Dada and Surrealism," "Current
    Experimental"  & "Three Films by Bunuel"  to features on " Black Comedy."
    Tonight, the last of this semes ter's series, will highlight " Divorce
    --Italian Style,"  directed by Pietro Germi in 1961, with a short flick en
    titled " Down These Mean Streets" preceding it. If these are similar in any
    manner to previous offer ings, the two are highly recom- mendable. Anyone
    who has attended any (or all) of the series must surely have sensed the
    quality of the selections, and will join this writer in com mending those
    responsible for the unique experience continuously of fered by the "
    Hilltop"  program. * * * For those who may have missed the Trivial "Quote of
    the Week"  a while ago, it is reprinted herein; the reader will note that it
    is, in deed, far from "Trivial:" Do not wish to be a student in contrast to
    being a man. Do not study as a student, but as a man who is alive and who
    cares. Leave the isolated world of ideological fantasy, allow your ideas to
    become part of your living and your living to become part of your ideas."
    (Tom Haylen, one of the " Chicago Conspirators,"  1962.) * * * And, with
    that, this Features Edi tor leaves The Bucknellian, hoping that someone
    noticed his work, and thanking the paper for the op portunity it served him.

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 1 , #

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: lrivial
Content: As of 12/3/70, the name FEN NER appears 43 times in the men's room of the
    library. The spire of Rooke Chapel rises 112 feet above ground level. The
    Lewisburg Cab Company has two cabs: one a Chevy station wagon, the other an
    old Studebaker- The University's carillon consists of one hundred eleven
    miniature bell units of bronze bell metal. The Features Department thanks "
    TRIVIAL'S"  creator and author, who originated the column second semester
    last year. Next semester, the column will be written by

Heading: a
Content: new author, and any trivialities re garding this campus will be pub lished if
    sent to " Trivial,"  c/o Box B-516.

Heading: laraaiziaiaraigiaraniziTOiMUgi
Content: 

Heading: COLE'S
Content: 

Heading: HARDWARE
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. 17837
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523*1284
Content: 

Heading: m aiaiaiaiaiaigm Biaiaignigiiia
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: DEC. 11, 1970. 6(r)

Heading: F& M  Decisions Grapplers; B U
Content: W  or, arm E.I.W.A. last year, and first m the a thud place inis er n mEURn, 4
    sophomores, and 2 junto<<

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: >> l i

Heading: U
Content: nn

Heading: n
Content: v i a By JIM NORTRIDGE The Orange nad Blue grapplers met the Franklin and
    Marshall Dip lomats on the battlefield of the wrestling mat instead of at
    the con ference table and found themselves losing the war 30-8. But the
    Bisons did have winners in individual battles in Mark Rant age and Ed Jones.
    Other Bucknell grapplers also directed strong cam paigns but they found
    themselves outmanuvered. Coach Shumacher felt that, " Fit M  is one of the
    toughest teams on our schedule and facing them so early in the season was
    definitely not to our advantage. 1 think if we had met them at the end of
    the season we could have given them a better run for their money." Sophomore
    Heavyweight salvaged a disappointing night for the BU grapplers by pinning
    Len Rosset- tini with only 5 seconds left in the match. This was the
    climatic end ing of a bout in which both heavies almost came to blows. Both
    wrestlers had picked up a point on escapes before " Big Ed went to work.
    With a minute left Jones just missed two takedowns, being dragged out of
    bounds, before he finally trapped his opponent and crushed him to the mat.
    Mark Ramage at 134 exhibited fine poise as he cracked open his match in the
    third period to bring home a 7-0 victory. With a slim 1 point lead in the
    third, Ramage escaped quickly on a standup and then took down his opponent
    with a beautiful barrel roll that completely dazed his op ponent. The Bisons
    really got hurt right up the middle weight classes as >>Tom Rivoire, Don
    Danser, A1 Loe- sch, and Jim Shutz couldn't cope *with the Diplomats and
    their strong arm tactics. Coach Shumacher was especially pleased with the
    efforts of sopho- mare 190 pounder Tom Connolly and freshman Rick Hersey and
    George Ballentine at 118 and 177 respectively. ** Tom Connolly has shown con
    tinued improvement and Shumach er feels that by the end of the .season he
    wiU be one of the best ISO pounders around. 'Tom 's moves are starting to
    come back as he rounds into shape." Hersey at 118 started out the

Heading: STUDY TO BE QUIET
Content: Walton

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: fr ie n d s
Content: 

Heading: m e e t in g
Content: 

Heading: 11:00 A-M. SUNDAY
Content: V a u g h a n

Heading: Lit Library
Content: season on the B team but an arm injury to starter Tom Wason has caused his quick
    promotion. Rick has wrestled two experienced ana strong opponents in a row
    but in each case he has come up with a superlative effort. George Ballentine
    had a tough task in front of him at 177. He was facing John Stevenson, an
    unbeaten wrestler who placed second in the E.I.W.A. last year, and first in
    the East Stroudsburg open this year. But the plucky freshman kept his cool
    and drew first blood as he scored a takedown before his inex perience led to
    his downfall. One other Bison who got caught by an extremely tough wrestler
    was senior Steve Coleman at 126. Steve had to face Chris Black, who was also
    undefeated last year and a third place finisher in the Strouds burg Open.
    The Orange and Blue grapplers next take on American University this Saturday
    away. Rick Hersey will again be filling in for Wason at 118. . . , Other
    substitutions will be fresh man Mark Currie in at Heavy weight and freshman
    Jim North- ridge at 126. This will give the Bisons 4 fresh men, 4
    sophomores, and 2 juniors in their lineup. A fact that Shu macher keeps
    stressing. " We're a young team but w e re aggressive. I really feel that
    with just a little more experience

Heading: we
Content: will have one of the toughest wrest ling squads in Bucknell's history." Why not
    come out and see history in the making?

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: . - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: - - 9:00 - 1:00 p-m.
Content: 

Heading: - - 7:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: campus
Content: 

Heading: FEBRUARY 4,1971
Content: AE

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: m m
Content: &

Heading: - V
Content: 

Heading: WCD LMB TO T
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: LK TO YOU aBOUT
Content: 

Heading: career opportunities that match your interests and education
Content: 

Heading: ' ' ' our long-established management training program
Content: 

Heading: '
Content: 

Heading: . our diverse and growing corporation
Content: 

Heading: ... our nationwide facilities
Content: 

Heading: ... our corporate philosophy of caring about people
Content: Now's the time to sign up at your placement office for an interview with the
    Bethlehem Steel Loop Course recruiter. This could be the start of somethmg
    big! And just what IS the Bethlehem Steel Loop Course? It's our management
    development pro gram for graduates with bachelors or advanced degrees.

Heading: to theBS
Content: 

Heading: >
Content: 

Heading: "
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: s
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: ^ pVo S e .
Content: Where would YOU fit into the Loop Course? Check your degree or the one most
    similar to it.

Heading: ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING-Steel plant. fabricating
Content: Mon.-Thur

Heading: Fri.-Sat. -
Content: Sunday - #

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O P E N
Content: 

Heading: ..........
Content: 

Heading: Tu<<. - Thur. 11 am. -12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. - Sat. - 11 am. - 1:30 am.
Content: 

Heading: Sun.-M on. - 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 501 MARKET STREET

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: DEC. 11, 1970

Heading: PAGE SEVEN
Content: 

Heading: MECHANICAL
Content: ENGINEERING-Engineering or me chanical maintenance departments steel planto
    fabn- catina works, mining operations, and shipyards. Fuel and combustion
    departments. Supervision of Prdegduction operations. Marine engineering
    assignments in Ship building Department. Also: Sales or Research.

Heading: METALLURGICAL
Content: ENGINEERING-Metallurgical de partments of steel plants and manu^ thu^!!!!ii
    o^suD er- Enaineerinq and service divisions. Technical and super visory
    positions in steelmaking departments and rolling mills. Also! Research or
    Sales. CHEMICAL ENGINEERS--Technical and supervisory positions in coke
    works, including production of by- nroduct chemicals. Fuel and combustion
    departments, including responsibility for operation and maintenance of air
    and water pollution control equipment. Engineer ing and departments.
    Steelmaking opera tions. Also: Research or Sales. INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING-
    Positions in steel plants, fabricatinq works, shipyards, and mines.
    Engineering and maintenance departments. Supervision of steel- making,
    rolling, manufacturing, and fabricating opera tions. Also: Sales. _ , _ . c
    iv il ENGINEERING--Fabricated Steel Construction assignments in engineering,
    field erection, or management Steel plant, mine, or shipyard assign ments9
    in engineering, construction, and maintenance^ Supervision of production
    operations. Sales Department assignments as line salesman or sales engineer
    (tech- nical service to architects and engineers). FLECTHICAL C N L ilP lc c
    n in <<-w i^ i ^ . 7 , # I."  << works mining operations, and shipyard
    electrical en gineering, construction, and maintenance departments.
    Technical and supervisory positions in 9 (r) Production operations involving
    sophisticated electrical and elec tronic equipment. Also: Research or Sales.
    MINING ENGINEERING-Our Mining Department op erates coal and iron ore mining
    operations and lime stone quarries, many of which are (tm) s* modern and
    efficient in the industry. This 10 , 000 -man activity offers unlimited
    opportunities to mining en gineers. Also: Research. ____

Heading: NAVAL ARCHITECTS AND MARINE ENGINEERS--
Content: Graduates are urged to inquire abdegu^degPpdeghrtunQgnst our Shipbuilding
    Department, including the Central Technical Division, our design and
    engineering organi zation. Also: Traffic. OTHER TECHNICAL DEGREES-Every year
    we recruit loopers with technical degrees other than thoselisted above.
    Seniors enrolled in such curricula are encour aged to sign up for an
    interview.

Heading: ACCOUNTANTS--
Content: Graduates in accounting or business administration (24 hours of accounting are
    preferred) are recruited for training for supervisory assignments in our 3
    000-man Accounting Department. OTHER NON-TECHNICAL DEGREES-Graduates with
    degrees in liberal arts, business, and the humanities are invited to discuss
    opportunities in the Sales Dcpartrnent. Some non-technical graduates may be
    chosen to fill openings in steel plant operations and other departments.
    WHEN YOU SIGN u r  De sure w We think you will like what we have to say. _
    _  _

Heading: BETHLEHEM  STEEL
Content: An Equal Opportunity Employer

Heading: |PSTHI
Content: 

Heading: ST
Content: ehe

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: EL
Content: 

Heading: y
Content: << 3 ? #:JEm

Heading: Triple Overtime
Content: 

Heading: Bisons Fall to Lehigh; Prep for DePauw
Content: 

Heading: PRESS BOX
Content: -By DAN MILLER; By KEN DOAK The Bison hoopsters dropped an incredible 73-71
    triple-overtime de cision to Lehigh last night, marring their debut on the
    tube. Ahead by a 71-64 margin with 1:15 remaining, BU turnovers al lowed
    Hank Wisniewski to gain the hero's role for the Engineers as he hit the
    last-second clincher. Down 37-29, early in the second half the Bisons full-
    court press worked to perfection, as they then ran off the next twelve
    points with a solid team effort. Three layups by Riley helped the Herd up
    the margin to 49-43 with 6 minutes remaining. However, a Lehigh press
    enabled them to knot the score at 51 all with 3 minutes left. Neither team
    could win it, as two Engineer shots missed in the closing seconds. In the
    first overtime, two foul shots by Peterson and one by Biko gave BU a 61-59
    lead, but Ken Etra sank two clutch foul shots with :04 remaining to send it
    into another extra period. The second overtime gave the fans a chance to
    catch their breath, as Lehigh stalled for 4:45 of the 5-minutes befor
    Wisniewski and Biko missed shots. In the third extra stanza, a jump shot and
    two free throws by Biko, and two baskets by Carter, around a lone Lehigh
    foul shot, gave the Bisons a 69-62 lead. Following a driving layup by John
    Waters, Dave Greenwood hit to make it 71-64. However, Biko join ed Chris
    Riley on the bench with his fifth foul on this play. That set the stage for
    an ending to rival the worst late-night horror movie, as far as BU fans were
    con cerned. Wisniewski, who had missed 10 consecutive shots earlier, hit on
    a layup. Waters then hit a 20- footer and a foul shot, following BU
    turnovers. Finally, Wisniewski hit a follow up shot to make it 71-71, and
    then Greenwood missed on a drive for the Herd. Lehigh passed the ball to
    Etra, who missed a layup but Wisniewski was there to bank it in just before
    the final buzzer. For the Bisons, Harvey Carter played an outstanding game
    in de feat as he poured in 26 points, and grabbed 15 rebounds. In the
    freshman game, Lehigh handed the Baby Bisons their first defeat of the
    season, 69-68, despite a second-half comeback by BU.

Heading: Paul Biko: Backcourt Ace
Content: As this semester shrinks away it marks the end of my tenure as Sports Editor of
    this noble publication. As the awesome responsibility of my burden passes on
    to other shoulders, I wearily think back on the events of my regime. I see
    an MAC Championship for last spring's netmen not to mention impressive and
    rewarding seasons by Bison laxmen, cindermen, diamond- men, and linksmen.
    The other teams over whose progress I presided were cagers, mermen, and
    grapplers. Following the Heard is an entertaining and frequently hazardous
    oc cupation. One of the most frustrating experiences was trying to get a
    picture of Jamey Wherry's record breaking bucket. He adamantly refused to
    shatter the mark at the convenience of Bucknellian photographers while in
    the friendly confines of Davis Gym. However with 23 points left to By DAVE
    COULTER Anyone who attended the basket ball Bison's home debut against Rider
    was sure to have been im pressed by the speedy, inspiring addition to the
    Herd's backcourt - Paul Biko. Biko sparked the Blue with sizzling passes,
    timely steals and fine ball handling. He also added 21 points, capping a
    great all-around performance. After a shining high school career, Paul was
    injured in an automible accident. As a result he played sparingly for the
    Bison frosh and sat out last year entirely. Paul admits that it was tough to
    watch, but adds that he " learned to ap preciate the guys who are going out
    and playing, and that you can't just play for yourself and go out for
    personal glory, you have to play for something bigger." This year, too, he
    has been

Heading: An Overall View
Content: By ROBERT WENDEL As the beginning of a new sports season is upon us, I, as the
    as sistant sports editor of The Bucknellian, feel that it would be
    appropriate to make a few comments about what has gone before, and what has
    just begun. First, the soccer team -U nder the excellent direction of Craig
    Rey nolds, the booters posted a 6-3-2 season record, with a team boasting
    only three returning starters from last years championship team. This,
    coupled with the fact that most of the Bison's opponents had older, m ore ex
    perienced clubs, makes it an impressive record indeed. The season might have
    been even more successful if it weren't for key injuries to Bob Young, Joe
    Steinmetz, and the loss of Tom Miller, all of whom were scoring threats as
    linemen. Next the football team--For a team which was considered a potential
    for doormat of the year, with a preseason record of 0-9, (even the most
    complementary preseason rating by Playboy was 3-6), did itself proud ending
    with a 4-6 slate. Part, if not all, of its " explosion,"  however, must be
    attributed to the excellent play and enthusiasm of Howie Burke (an unknown
    talent 'when the preseason ratings were made). Howie will be back next year,
    and the offensive punch should be sound--if Coach Prender can develop a
    strong defensive backfield, the Herd could once again return to its winning
    ways. Now the present lineup of wrestling and basketball, (its too early to
    discuss swimming, although it can be assumed that they will once again put
    in a fine eason under mentor Richard Russell). In the grapplers first home
    bout, " Schumacher's Raiders"  put on one of the best displays of collegiate
    wrestling seen at B.U. in a number of years. Although the result was a 20-14
    defeat, at least one match, 126- pound, should have been a Bison win, which
    would have made the final score a 17-17 tie. , . . Hopefully Schumacher will
    be around for some tune. His emotional involvement with his matmen is plain
    to see, and it could be just what the doctor ordered for the previously
    waning position of wrestling at the University. .. . . Finally basketball--
    This is the one loophole in an otherwise promis ing year. So far this year
    at least four ballplayers from last year, who are still eligible to play,
    did not even go out for the team, or were not invited back. Two of these
    players probably would have seen considerable action, and the question
    arises--why aren't they playing? First it must be stated that some of them
    are still playing--but not for the University. At least two are now playing
    industrial league ball for a local business establishment, one is coaching
    an intramural team, which includes another as a member. It is obvious that
    these students did not decide to give up the game for other reasons, they
    simply did not want to play under the direction of Don Smith. But why? , _ .
    , The answer to this can be found in Smith's coaching methods. First there
    is the existence of the " blue"  team. This is generally made up of those
    who are not starters, and from the description of many of the players, it
    seems that these mem bers are more or less overlooked when it comes to
    personal attention. They imply exist for the purpose of pro viding "
    opposition"  for the starters during practice. Because of this policy, few
    ball players who have " potential are given the necessary training, which
    could provide them with the incen tive to play the kind of ball they are
    capable of playing. In the past, only these men who already have proven
    their ability started and the rest found the bench a very cold place indeed.
    ,

Heading: T.
Content: Finally, one point--intercollegiate athletics exists for the players, it is an
    activity which is not " professional"  in scope, and it is supposed to be
    fun. Truly, the purpose of a coach is to produce winning teams, but not at
    the expense ofhis players--at least not at B.U. A coach should be the kind
    of person that his players can respect. By the personal admission of former
    players, and even a few starters, this simply isn't the case with Smith. By
    examining the situation, it can only be concluded that something is amiss,
    and at the very least, someone in the athletic department should look into
    the situation, with a view toward rectifying this problem. plagued by his
    painful shoulder in jury. He was not going to play ball this year, but
    decided that, " he wanted to give it another try. Although he must be taped
    up for the games and have continuous treatmena, Paul remains hopeful about
    his physical condition. His play, though, has been even more spectacular
    considering the physical handicaps he has over come. It is only with
    reluctance that Paul looks back on the opening game with Penn State. He
    explains, " we just didn't put it together; we didn't play our type of ball.
    We don't have the physical size to run and shoot with a lot of the other
    teams. We must play for the good percentage shot."  He feels the Bisons
    should have beaten State and wishes they had an other chance to prove it.
    The game against Rider was an other story. " We moved the ball for good
    shots and we played to gether, like we didn't against Penn State."  Biko
    thinks Coach Smith's strategy of playing for the open shot worked really
    well in the first half, but that they got perhaps a bit complacent in the
    second half. He sighted the leadership and ex perience of co-captains Chris
    Riley and Bill Peterson as helping the Blue to hold off the Rider come back.
    Biko believes that everyone has to set a goal for himself. His is to have "
    the best record BU has ever had and perhaps to go to the NIT's at the MAC
    champs." Although Paul admits this may seem like a long step, he notes that
    Rider was rated as a top contender for the MAC crown before being manhandled
    by the Bisons. The Bisons have " a long way to go to reach their peak."  Yet
    while inexperienced, they are hustling and Biko feels this is an advantage
    as opposed to having an older team that has already " peaked"  and has
    little incentive to work. The very fact that the team is tabled
    inexperienced often " gets the team riled up, especially the sophomores."
    While the Bison's 1970-71 sche dule includes many larger schools, the
    talented guard predicts the Herd will still bfe a team to reckon with as
    they gain experience. But he is concerned with just the next game - " We
    have to play them one at a time and keep prepared. As a young team we must
    play patient, disciplined offense with lots of basketball sense. This will
    come if Coach Smith and the Co captains can continue to keep the team up and
    the guys hustling." When not on the court, Paul serves as Rush chairman at
    Phi Kappa Psi. He is studying under BU's Five Year Engineering and Arts
    Program (a Junior). He considers this a smart pro gram for today's demands,
    but con fesses that " hoops"  is the main thing on his mind right now.
    However the Five Year Program coupled with Paul's absence from the squad la
    st season will extend his eligibility another year. One of the biggest gains
    Paul sees in BU's basketball is the fan support. He was enthused by the
    spirit at the Rider game and ex pressed the expectation that basketball will
    grow as a sport at BU as the team proves it capabili ties this year. The key
    word to Paul is TEAM. He believes that every man must put out for the team.
    " There is no letter T  in the word team, every one must hustle before
    anything goes right - all five members on the court!" This team play is what
    Paul feels will carry the Bisons to new heights this season and in the years
    to come. Certainly if the team plays with Paul Biko's determination and team
    spirit the Bisons will go far toward reaching Paul's goals this year. break
    the record the Bisons went to Penn State where Wherry usual ly scores a ton.
    So, in a bald-tired VW, in a howling blizzard over icy roads, we carrended
    toward Penn State, suffering along the way two- 360 degree spinouts (both
    incon veniently close to other travellers. Much to my cagrin after the har
    rowing trip, Jamey Wherry almost petulantly missed several oppor tunities to
    break the record and scored 22 points. Another situation that has oc- cured
    repeatedly is the embarass- ing event of having a gloveman step on your foot
    instead of the plate while being mobbed by the crowd after hitting a game
    winn ing home run. (A good reporter will go to any length to get a story.)
    The close contact with the jocks over this past period has had its
    deleterious effects as well. I still wake up after a Mittyesque dream in a
    cold sweat. These fantasies frequently in volve running 96 yards with a foot
    ball only to be crushed by a 896 lb defensive end. I would like to
    acknowledge the aid I have received in my endea vors to report the
    activities of the Herd. Dave Wohlheuter, the diminua- tive Sports
    Information director of the University, who provided m e with links to the
    outside world. Brad Tufts, golf coach and ad visor to The Bucknellian, for
    his rasping assistance. Eric Riess the Managing Editor of the journal ,
    invariably did the opposite of what I asked him, with the express purpose of
    making my life as miserable as possible. Farewell and Merry Christmas to
    all.

Heading: S T U D E N T S
Content: 

Heading: Europe for Christmas, Easter or summer?
Content: 

Heading: Employment opportunities, economic flights, discounts.
Content: 

Heading: Write for information (air mail).
Content: 

Heading: Anglo America Association
Content: 

Heading: 60a Pyle Street, Newport, LW >> England
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: DECEMBER 11, 1970 ANY PERSON interested in living in an apartment during January
    call 523-9612. _____________________ FOR RENT in Lewisburg, 1 room and bath,
    located % block North of Market St. No cooking facili ties. Available Jan.
    1, 1971. Call 524-9195. FOR SALE AMPEG B-25 B amp, 120 watts pmp, twin
    heavy-duty 15"  speakers, 1 yr. old, $250 or best offer; HOFNER bass guitar,
    3 yrs. old, $150 or best offer. Both in excell ant condition. Contact S.
    Truver, Box 613 S.U., 374-9722. COIN & STAMP SHOP We buy U.S. silver coins.
    Highest prices paid. We also buy stamps, U.S. and foreign coins. 35
    Broadway, Milton. ABORTION Referral Service (ARS) Safe, Legal (N.Y.) and
    Inexpen sive. Please call Mr. Lewis. 1- 215-545-3157 24 hours a day. All in
    quiries confidential. ------ WHATS PLAYING? ------

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN
Content: 

Heading: BOARD
Content: 

Heading: TODAY THRU TUESDAY
Content: 

Heading: irs n mnn
Content: 

Heading: STARTS WEDNESDAY
Content: 

Heading: Anne of a
Content: 

Heading: Thousand Days
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: ,4

Heading: 1
Content: jnmpspm MVPMM

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: EEEi
Content: 

Heading: MMMMMMM
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LX X m  -- NO. 26
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 5. 1971
Content: 

Heading: 'Che Bttcknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY, LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Recommendations Approved
Content: 

Heading: Faculty Descriptions Help
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: . .
Content: 

Heading: Student Course Selection
Content: 

Heading: CAR, ABP Set Priorities
Content: By SUSAN PRESTON The Association of Bucknell Stu dents passed a resolution
    regard ing the publication of a more com prehensive course guide to aid stu
    dents in choosing courses during pre-registration at its first meeting of
    the semester. The motion, submitted by Chuck Mussman '72, endorsed a plan
    which Leon Pacala, dean of the college of arts and sciences, will implement
    later this month. He will said a letter to aU department chairmen and
    professors asking (tm) them to prepare a description of the courses offered
    by their de partment, following certain guide lines: The descriptions will
    then be compiled into one book and distri buted to students before spring
    pre registration. Some of the guidelines include course objectives, methods
    of approach, prerequisites, expendi tures excluding books), how the students
    will be evaluated and what semesters the course will be of fered.

Heading: AW S Organization
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: Foresees Transition
Content: By GINA SMITH Acting on the results of a refer endum among women, the Associa
    tion of Women Students has es- , tablished an ad hoc committee to #propose a
    new women's organiza tion. AWS president Stuie Oliver ex plains, " The
    women's organization will be totally revised to fit new needs." Both the
    questionaire re sults and committee decisions will determine the exact
    nature of the new organization. The new committee's data in cludes the
    results of the December poll in which 594 out of nearly one thousand women
    participated. A majority, 66.4% of women voting, favored the continuation of
    an organization to serve the needs of Bucknell women. The other 33.6%
    indicated a desire for no such organization. AWS will continue to function
    until the new constitution has been formulated. However, many AWS members
    have been incorporated into the committee. The annual February election of
    officers will not be held. Miss Oliver is confident that the >>*constitution
    will be completed this semester. She notes, however, that AWS still exists
    technically; the December questionaire contained no formal proposal for
    abolishing

Heading: AWS.
Content: Other new business of the meet ing, included the presentation of Bob Nachshin's
    motion regarding the abolition of visitation hours in residence halls. The
    motion will be voted upon next week. Peter Holmes, at-large member,
    presented a motion regarding the formation of a committee to in vestigate
    and recommend changes in the University Counseling Ser vice. The motion was
    passed. The ABS decided to table its mo tion to the University Dining Com-
    (Continued on Page 3) By TOM NOVINGER On December 11, 1970 the Com mittee on
    Academic Regulations, headed by the Provost, Dr. Wen dell I. Smith, approved
    the final recommendations of its Sub-Com mittee on Differently Prepared
    Students. On Monday at the next faculty meeting, these recommen dations will
    be presented by the Provost for consideration and ap proval. In addition to
    accepting the Sub committee report, the Committee on Academic Regulations in
    consul tation with ABP placed the recom- mendations in order of their prior
    ity. First is the Summer Trans itional Program conducted by a five-college
    consortium. Secondly, an advising service, particularly for differently pre
    pared students, is to be administer ed. This includes the hiring of a black
    adviser, preferably a faculty member whose responsibilities in clude the
    advising of students, white as well as black. Thirdly, participation by the
    Uni versity in a summer recruitment program, specifically in that of the
    Afro-Americans for Educational Op-

Heading: Professor Emeritus Dies at Geisinger;
Content: 

Heading: Two Crashes Kill Runners, Freshman
Content: By JOANNE KOLLAR and

Heading: NICKI DREW
Content: Dr. Rice Dr. John W. Rice, professor of bacteriology emeritus, died Friday at
    8:00 pan. in Geisinger Medical Center where he had been admitted that
    afternoon. He was 79 years old. Dr. Rice lived at 610 St. George Street,
    Lewisburg. Since 1946, he had served as di rector of the University Health
    Service, which he founded in 1925. Dr. Rice was consulting bacteri ologist
    for the Geisinger Medical Center. A graduate of Williamsport High School,
    Dr. Rice received a Bache lor of Science degree from the Uni versity in 1914
    and his Master of Science degree in 1915. In 1918, he obtained a Master of
    Arts from Columbia University and his Ph.D. in 1922. As an instructor in
    physics at the old Bucknell Academy, Dr. Rice began his 45 year teaching
    career. From 1939 until 1942 and again from 1944 until 1958, he was chairman
    of the biology department. He authored numerous articles in his field, and
    in 1952 published a history of the teaching of biology at the University.
    L'Agenda was dedicated to him in 1945. A former University professor, Miss
    Amelia Clark, who was an assistant professor of French and Dean of Women
    from 1924 until 1936, also died. Miss Clark, who was in a nursing home in
    St. Peters burg, Florida, was 84. Three Students Three University students
    were killed in automobile accidents over the January break. The first one
    occurred on Satur day, January 16, at around five o'clock p.m. on route 22,
    near Greensburg, Pa., when three mem bers of the track team were re turning
    to school from a meet in Pittsburgh. The remainder of the team was on a
    University-owned bus. The car, driven by junior John Lanphear, of Clifton,
    N.J., skidded on ice and hit a truck head-on. Fred Weber, a sophomore from
    West mont,

Heading: N.J.,
Content: and the holder of several university track records, was dead on arrival at
    Westmore land County Hospital, and Peter Younger, a sophomore from Satel
    lite Beach, Fla., died shortly after midnight. Lanphear, who was in guarded
    condition for several days, was (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: 'Conspirators"  Support Grows;
Content: 

Heading: Harrisburg Workshop Planned
Content: By JACK SCHMIDT Campus reaction to the Harris burg Six grand jury proceedings
    has been generally passive, but active support of the alleged con spirators
    is growing. Tomorrow morning at 8:30 a.m., a group will be leaving from in
    front of New Dorm for an all-day workshop at Harrisburg Community College.
    The meetings are designed to educate people to the issues at stake in the
    case, and the work shop is being held under the theme of " A Time to Learn,
    Discuss, Ex plore, Question, Think, ami Con spire." Various topics will be
    discussed ranging from the non-violent tac tics of confrontation, to the
    Black liberation movement and the role of women in our society.
    Transportation is needed by the group and anyone able to supply a car has
    been asked to do so. In other related activities, a motion is expected to be
    presented at Monday's upcoming faculty meeting which will reaffirm the
    university's right to remain free from government interference. The AAUP is
    in the process of organizing a campus workshop to discuss the issues of the
    trial. The workshop is planned for Monday. Earlier this week, an ad hoc
    group calling itself the " Bucknell Students for Peace"  distributed a
    statement entitled, " Bucknell In volvement in a 'Berrigan Conspir acy'."
    Written by Eric LeRoy, a freshman, the statement sought to briefly inform
    registering students to some of the facts of the case. It said, " Bucknell
    has been very much involved in the government's hunting expedition." On
    Wednesday night, February 3, " The Holy Outlaw,"  was shown documenting the
    fugitive life of Dan Berrigan. Contributions were taken for the Harrisburg
    defense fund. A mass student group has yet to be organized on campus, and
    there is uncertainty among those already involved as to the future course of
    supporting activities. The trial is many months away, and the govern ment's
    case is still unclear. As one concerned student said, " Every thing is still
    up in the air." portunity (AAEO), will be intro duced. " The basic aims of
    AAEO are to counsel and recruit minority group students for institutions of
    higher education of the student's choice." Finally special programs for ac
    ademic assistance will be imple mented. These programs will " be extended to
    differently prepared students with the understanding that some students will
    neither want nor require such assistance." Since its origin in October,
    1969, the Sub-Committee on Differently Prepared Students has studied the
    problems of adjustment to Uni versity life of American minority students
    with an emphasis on those of black students. The committee has held the con
    viction " that the University does have a social commitment and re
    sponsibility to the society beyond the confines of the University it self,
    with a feeling that a program for differently preparel students should be
    accorded high priority among the general priorities of the University."

Heading: Anniversary
Content: Today is the 125th birthday of Bucknell University. On Feb ruary 5, 1846, the
    governor of Pennsylvania approved the charter written by Dr. William Taylor
    and granted by the state legislature. It was the 100th university to be
    founded in America. Although conceived through the efforts of a small group
    of Baptists the charter specifically stipulated that re ligion would not be
    used as a criterion for admission to the University.

Heading: Harrisburg Six Trial Intrigues Campus
Content: *. * f t i ___ i  ^ By PHILIP WITHIM (Editor's note) The following summary of
    events relating to toe Federal Grand Jury investigation and indictment of
    toe Harrisburg Six was compiled by Dr. Witoim with the assistance of other
    members of toe University community. The information was drawn from
    newspaper and magazine accounts, conversations with participants, and
    attendance at " ^ ^ m e ^ b e r e T ^ to f1University community have been
    subpoenaed and have testified before toe Grand Jury. They . head reference
    librarian, Miss Patricia

Heading: Bern,
Content: assistant brarian, Miss Jane Hoover, '71, and Miss Betsy Sandel, '7L Douglas,
    who has also reportedly testified, attended dasses ! r t t b e U ^ versity
    during 1970 under a study-release program from the Lewisburg Federal
    Penitentiary. This is the first of two parts. The Indictment: Indictment
    14886 of the United States Middle District Court charges Eqbal Ahmad, Rev.
    Philip Berrigan, Sister Elizabeth M c ^ t e r . ^ v . Neil Mclroogblin,
    Anthony Scoblick (former priest), and Itev. Joseph Wenderoth, with violating
    title 18 of the United States Code, sections >>71 1201 1791. Without
    indicting, the government names as <<H >>n - soirators Rev. Daniel Berrigan,
    Thomas Davidson, Sister Marjorie Shu- man, Sister Beverly Bell, Paul Mayer
    (former priest), William Davidon, and Sister Joques Egan. . , , _____

Heading: J
Content: The indictment charges that all thirteen conspired and agreed to gether"  to "
    commit offenses against the United States,"  Le., to obtain maps and
    diagrams of the underground tunnels in Washington D C con taining the
    heating systems for government buildings . . . (to) detonate explosive
    devices . . .  to destroy heating pipes. It was part of the con spiracy that
    on the following day they would seize, kidnap . . * Henry Kissinger ** The
    indictment then lists twenty-two " overt acts"  committed " in furtherance
    of the conspiracy."  For evample, that on April 1, 1970, Philip Berrigan and
    Joseph Wenderoth entered underground tunnels in Wash ington, D.C., that on
    June 19, Neil McLaughlin made a telephone call to Lewisburg, that on June 22
    Joseph Wenderoth and Neal McLaughhn made a visit to Lewisburg, that on
    September 5, Wenderoth and Mc Laughlin met at 43 North Water Street - the
    home o i l . In addition, the indictment lists six occasions when Sr.
    Elizabeth McAlister and Fr. Philip Berrigan attempted to pass communications
    in or out of the federal prison at Lewisburg. The indictment speaks of
    conspiring to own explosives, of conspir ing to blow up tunnels, of
    conspiring to kidnap Kissinger. The charges

Heading: concern
Content: these conspiracies and not the execution of any of the alledged plans. The
    defendants face sentences ranging from five years and a $10,000 fine to life
    imprisonment. A Chronology JANUARY, 1970 -- Boyd F. Douglas comes from the
    Federal Prison at Lewisburg to the University on a study-release program.
    Douglas, 32, (Continued on Page 2)

Heading: Staff Assumes New
Content: 

Heading: Positions on Paper
Content: Jack Schmidt, has been named the new editor-in-chief of the Bucknellian 1971
    staff, replacing Paul Osher. Schmidt, a junior, has served both as associate
    editor and sports assistant, and he has been a mem ber of the Editorial
    Board for two years. His major is political science. Assisting Schmidt this
    year will be Sue Preston, a junior, who will serve as executive editor and
    John Dickerson,who will serve as busi ness manager. Miss Preston has been a
    member of the Editorial Board for three years. She was also the Friday news
    editor during the past two semesters, and she has served as a news
    assistant. Her major is English Dickerson, an accounting major, is serving
    his first position on the paper. Nancy Grden and Robin Bitter- lich will
    share duties as the Tues day and Friday news editors. Miss Grden, a
    sophomore, is a former news assistant and is majoring in economics. Miss
    Bitterlich, a junior, is serving her first position on the paper. She is
    majoring in English. Paul Payack, a junior, who has been a member of the
    Editorial Board for one year, will serve as literary editor. Chuck Mussman,
    a junior, who has been on the Editorial Board for two years, is editorials
    editor. Leading the features staff is Dan Martin, a freshman. Another new
    freshman editor is Jim Northndge, who is sports editor. Gina Smith, a
    freshman, will serve as Tuesday news assistant, and sophomore Tom Novinger
    is the Friday news assistant. Another freshman, Alan Grochal, is sports
    assistant. (Continued on Page 3) W m 91 1 WtHEE

Heading: Oar Trial
Content: 

Heading: If it is true that there are critical cusps in the
Content: 

Heading: growth of a being wherein contemplation must bring
Content: 

Heading: forth right action, then Bucknell has arrived at one of
Content: 

Heading: these cusps: the Trial.
Content: 

Heading: A  few Bucknellians are deeply involved in the case;
Content: 

Heading: does their involvement implicate all of Bucknell? That
Content: 

Heading: question cannot be answered due to the ambiguous
Content: 

Heading: nature of "Bucknell." Only a two-third faculty vote
Content: 

Heading: can solve this riddle. (Or perhaps a committee should
Content: 

Heading: struggle through the problem.)
Content: 

Heading: However, the world (the media) will find difficulty
Content: 

Heading: in differentiating the Bucknell 4 from the Bucknell
Content: 

Heading: 3000. Although we may never have heard of the Berri-
Content: 

Heading: gans, Boyd Douglas, or even Zoia Horn, our parents,
Content: 

Heading: friends and alumni will ask us, "Did you know them?"
Content: 

Heading: or, "What were they like ?" And, of course, "Are there
Content: 

Heading: many more on campus ?"
Content: 

Heading: We have the opportunity to learn how to act when
Content: 

Heading: a cusp presents itself. Bucknell has been blessed with a
Content: 

Heading: tragedy.
Content: 

Heading: Harrisburg Sixflnquiry
Content: 

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: Thanksgiving
Content: Dear Editor: At December's faculty meeting the faculty rejected a motion by Mr.
    Heath and me to discuss by March of 1971 the possibility of adjusting the
    fall semester calen dar so as to allow for a week-long recess at mid-
    semester. Discuss it or not, the problem our motion re sponded to remains
    and we were grateful to note your sympathy for our approach in an editorial.
    A mid-semester break seems to us a deficiency in the fall semester calendar
    which does not exist in the spring. Its absence does not merely throw the
    new 4-1-4 calendar out of balance, but restrains it from at taining its full
    potential. A recess such as ours would relieve the pres sures brought on by
    the shortened fall semester. It would give stu- which are to establish a
    working recess comparable to the spring recess. Food services would have to
    be kept open on Thanksgiving day, but it would seem that most other serv-
    ives could be suspended. There might even be enough students will ing to
    help maintain the facilities in return for a week off preceding elections.
    We are not convinced of the inescapabiMty of assuming Fri day following
    Thanksgiving to be a holiday. This is certainly not the case in most sectors
    of the econo my. And we find it hard to believe that Bucknell offers less
    time off to its staff than surrounding busi nesses and industries. Bucknell
    has embarked, however half-heartedly, on a 4-1-4 plan with minimum
    distribution requirements and interdepartmental majors, en couraging
    curricular experimenta tion and creativity. But we have done so with a
    schedule that is signally oppressive to that very creativity. Mr. Heath and
    I feel that we must promote unharrassed creativity however possible if Buck
    nell is to achieve the identity it needs to compete with " prestige"
    schools. The obvious alternatives to our proposal are clearly unap pealing.
    Retaining a schedule at odds with curricular goals would be self-defeating.
    Returning to our pre vious schedule, with the concomi tant loss of January,
    we would hold to be even more ominous. Robert E. Beard Director, The Russian
    Program (Continued from Page 1) was sentenced January 21, 1963, to six years
    in a federal prison for im personating an officer and for fraud by check.
    While at the prison he participated in a medical experimentation program. He
    sued the govern ment for serious lacerations to his body. The suit was
    settled out of court. Douglas told various people on the campus that the
    settlement was for $10,000, for $15,000, for $18,000, even for $23,000. He
    was paroled in April, 1966, but in 1967 he was sentenced to five years for
    assulting an FBI agent and for transporting forged securities. The Los
    Angeles Times (Jan. 20, 1971) and Time Magazine (Feb. 1, 1971) both name
    Douglas as the key informant in the government's case against the Harrisburg
    Six. Douglas affirmed this to more than one Bucknellian. SUMMER, 1970 --
    Douglas' parole is turned down even though he is scheduled for mandatory
    release the following April. NOVEMBER 27, 1970 -- J. Edgar Hoover alledges
    Kissinger plot be fore a Senate committee. Grand Jury Convenes DECEMBER 1,
    1970 -- Federal Grand Jury is convened in Harrisburg by Judge Dixon Herman.
    DECEMBER 15, 1970 -- The Omnibus Crime Bill, of which the use Immunity
    Clause is a part, becomes law. Prior to this, immunity was transactional in
    nature, which meant that a person granted immunity and testifying to a given
    transaction could not ever be prosecuted for his role in that transaction.
    After December 15, Use Immunity is introduced as an alternate. Under its
    conditions a witness may not be prosecuted through the use of his own
    testimony, but he may be prosecuted through the testimony of other persons.
    Thus several witnesses compelled through Use Immunity to testify concerning
    the same transaction could incrimin ate each other. The constitutional
    question concerns whether or not Use Immunity denies or evades the Fifth
    Amendment, (see Jan. 29, below). DECEMBER 16, 1970 -- Boyd Douglas is
    released from prison. DECEMBER 18, 1970 -- The Grand Jury begins to consider
    testimony concerning the alleged conspiracy. JANUARY 7, 1971 -- Boyd Douglas
    reportedly testifies before the Grand Jury. (The Evening News, Harrisburg,
    Jan. 28-29) Douglas also affirmed this to more than one Bucknellian.
    Subpoenas Served JANUARY 11, 1971 -- Mrs. Zoia Horn, Misses Patricia Rom,
    Jane Hoover, and Betsy Sandel, at their respective homes, are served sub
    poenas at 8:15 a.m. by two FBI agents each. Mrs. Horn and Miss Rom report
    that they were asked to sign a statement waiving their rights to counsel
    before answering questions posed by the agents. They refused to do so. In at
    least one case, the agents persisted in asking questions even after the
    refusal. The fact that the subpoenas were served by FBI agents instead of
    the usual U.S. marshals, points up the seriousness of the case, as does the
    highly questionable proffered waiver of civil rights. Earlier in the week
    Joseph Michael Joynt and his sister, Mrs. Patricia Chanel, both of Silver
    Springs, Md,, were also subpoenaed. Later the same week, the FBI picks up as
    witnesses Sisters Judith Savard and Grace Russell. Still later, Sister
    Joques Egan, who had already been named as a co-conspirator, is subpoenaed
    as an additional witness. Sister Joques is defendent Sister Elizabeth's
    immediate superior. Newspaper accounts report that several of these
    witnesses were also asked questions and to sign waivers of their rights.
    Indictment JANUARY 12, 1971 -- Jane Hoover and Betsy Sandel are called to
    testify, but, on advice of counsel and considering the vagueness and scope
    of the Conspiracy Law, refuse to testify on the grounds that they might
    incriminate themselves. Sister Grace is also called to testify and answers
    the questions put to her. Late in the afternoon, Judge Sheridan signs a Use
    Immunity order instructing Miss Hoover and Miss Sandel to testify when
    recalled. Sometime in the afternoon or evening the Grand Jury hands down
    indictments against the Harrisburg Six. Judge Herman, who is to be in charge
    of the case, sends out arrest orders. Within the hour all six de fendants
    are in custody. One story claims that fifteen FBI agents picked up Sister
    Elizabeth. In a statement issued from Danbury Federal Prison, the Berrigans
    deny the charges and in return charge the government with a counter
    conspiracy " to destroy the peace movement by creating caricatures of those
    who oppose the war in Southeast Asia . . .  to stigmatize millions of
    morally dedicated opponents of our military involvement in Indo China as
    violent and deranged people." The Berrigans further urge all Ameri cans " to
    repudiate the use of fabricated charges, and state trials to facilitate the
    implementation of foreign and domestic policies." (N.Y. Times, Jan. 13,
    1971). JANUARY 13, 1971 -- Counsel for Mrs. Horn, Miss Rom, Mr. Joynt and
    Mrs. Chanel request Judge Herman to squash all their subpoenas. They argue
    that since the Grand Jury has already handed down in dictments further
    questioning of witnesses would constitute an illegal " fishing expedition,"
    that the work of supporting the indictments belongs to the trial, not to the
    hearing. In lieu of this request being granted, they ask the judge to
    instruct the jury not to ask questions concerning^ persons already indicted
    or which concern matters outside the Middle District of the Federal Court.
    Prosecuting Attorney, Guy Goodwin, opposes these moves on the grounds that
    the Grand Jury is working towards further indictments. Judge Herman denies
    all the motions. Miss Hoover and Miss Sandel testify under Use Immunity,
    answering all questions to the best of their ability. JANUARY 14, 1971 --
    Counsel Levitan, representing Mrs. Chanel, re quests a postponement of her
    testimony on the grounds that she is mentally incompetent to take the stand
    or to communicate adequately with him as her lawyer. He produces evidence
    that she had a mental collapse during the summer and was confined for a
    while in a mental institution. Judge Herman denies his motion. Mr. !Levitan
    then requests that he be removed as her counsel since he cannot communicate
    with her. Judge Herman denies this request too. dents lagging behind a
    chance to catch up and avoid " incompletes." Students in good standing could
    read ahead, work on papers or start planning a January project. The absence
    of a significant recess in the fall, compounded by the inter ference of
    Thanksgiving during the half-week we do receive, places pressure on the
    January Plan. The January period offers students res pite from another
    inequity of the system: without January students would have 6 weeks to
    remove an " incomplete" received in the fall, but 16 weeks to remove one re
    ceived in the spring. By misusing January 417 students (17% of the
    enrollment) last year extended that 6 weeks to 10. The mid-semester recess
    would serve as a convenient deadline for papers and mid-semester grades. It
    would offer instructors an op portunity to grade papers and quiz zes, adjust
    course schedules or give some thought to January. The spring recess serves
    just these functions (save the last). Since the fall semester has been
    compacted, we need this flexible scheduling joint even more in the fall than
    in the spring. The function of a recess has traditionally been to relieve
    pressures. Yet while most faculty members with whom we have spoken agree
    that pressures are greater in the fall, not only do we maintain a shorter
    recess then, interfered with by Thanksgiving, but it is delayed until almost
    the end of the semester. The known arguments against this change are
    cultural, bureau cratic and financial. The cultural argument reputes
    Thanksgiving to be an indispensible season of family reunion. But then so is
    Xmas. The Xmas holidays--2 weeks of them-- begin three weeks after Thanksgiv
    ing holidays. Do we really carry on so well for 10 months without seeing
    relatives we so desprately love that to be reunited with them, we must shut
    down our institution twice in two months, for 2-3 weeks out of 6? We suggest
    that Xmas and summer holidays coupled with working recesses in the fall and
    spring is ample opportunity for re union (or reunification). The
    bureaucratic argument is that scheduling a mid-semester re cess would
    shorten by 2% more days an already short semester. Our change would not
    involve short ening the semester but simply re designating the purpose of
    2Vz dayd as working recess rather than classroom days. We would argue in the
    second place that the addit- inoal flexibility accruing to faculty and
    students from this redesigna tion would be a qualitative asset that would
    more than replace any qualitative loss. All this presup poses, of course,
    the impossibility of extending the semester by be ginning earlier in the
    fall. As to the second argument, we would suggest that faculty attitudes
    toward cutting classes Friday after Thanksgiving remain the same as its
    attitudes toward cutting class the days preceding Thanksgiving under the
    present calendar. The financial and staff problems seem more intimidating
    but in view of the dimensions of the academic problem, an attempt to find
    solu tions would seem warranted. That the University facilities be kept open
    during the recess is no es sential point of our proposal. Clos ing the
    facilities during the recess to economize would in no significant way
    undermine our objectives

Heading: :FROM THE EDITOR'S DESE
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: Questions
Content: m, JACK SCHMIDT.

Heading: I&tfs Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member of
    Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription, $7.00, payable in advance.
    Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the post office at
    Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON
Content: 

Heading: Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES MUSSMAN
Content: Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: STEVE BECKER
Content: 

Heading: DOUG BROWN
Content: 

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: EDITORIAL BOARD
Content: 

Heading: DEAN LANDEW
Content: 

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: 

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: Literary Editor

Heading: TOM NOVINGER
Content: News Assistant

Heading: JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: DAVID WEINBERGER
Content: 

Heading: STEVE WYATT
Content: 

Heading: mMmmnmmm
Content: 

Heading: wmmmmm
Content: 

Heading: #Nr
Content: In their December stories concerning college campuses, major media observers
    universally agreed that the fall semester had been a quiet one. It was not a
    difficult conclusion to arrive at. Still affected by the euphoria of the May
    student strikes, many po litical activists had predicted mass student
    involvement in the Congress ional elections of the fall. McCarthy-style
    groups organized, such as the Princeton-based Movement for a New Congress,
    but they failed to gen- O erate sizable student support. Other peace related
    activities were begun, such as a drive for a national " end the war"
    petition, but they failed to spark interest. A quiet hung over the campuses
    which one Cornell senior tried to explain, " Sure everything's quiet, but
    people are not content. The same problems are there . . . But the thing is,
    people just don't know what to do, so they're not doing anything." Among the
    many explanations offered was the one outlined in Charles Reich's The
    Greening of America. Reich envisioned a revolution coming which would "
    originate with the individual and with culture,"  and would " change the
    political structure only as its final act." Reich maintained that youth had
    turned from the old political ways of mass action. Youth was living a new
    set of values which it could not politically compromise away. Whatever the
    explanation offered, observers agreed that the fall was the milestone in
    making the beginning of the new quiet campus mood. One semester cannot,
    however, serve as any indicator, and we must look to the upcoming semester
    to provide more insight into the observations already made. The fall had
    been unique in its issuelessness. As the Nixon Vieinam- ization policy had
    moved into high gear, much of the support had been drained from the anti-war
    movement. The hard core had remained, but the hangers-on, who provide the
    needed manpower, had been lost to other, more private concerns. There had
    been a real lack of controversial issues, save the elections (and what
    issues are ever really discussed $ there?). Moving into this semester,
    however, one can find many contro versial political issues which may spark
    student interest: Angela Davis, Bobby Seale, and the Harrisburg Six will all
    be involved in nationally known judicial proceedings; a May Day siege is
    being planned on Wash ington, D.C.; an attempt will be made to ratify a
    peace treaty between the peoples of Vietnam and the United States; and the
    Congress must vote to extend the Selective Service Act beyond this summer.
    Some groups are already mobilizing to action, but it is too early to
    determine any trends. In May, one may be better able to judge if we are
    really entering the era of the quiet '70's. No one can be sure-- a semester
    full of question marks.

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: i I
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any issue and take a stand we deem in the best interest of the
    University, to treat every issue with the responsibility that is accorded us
    in a free society, to be constructively critical when necessary as well as
    lauda tory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and
    integrity* Editorials appearing on this page reflect the consensus opinion
    of the editorial board and that of the editors. Signed columns present the
    views only of the authors. All letters should be adressed to the Editor, and
    must be received no later than Saturday noon for publication in the Tuesday
    edition and Wednes day noon for publication in the Friday edition. All
    letters must be signed and typed double-spaced: however, names may be
    withheld upon request. The Editor reserves the right to choose all letters
    for publication, and to edit any letter chosen for reasons of space
    restrictions, grammatical change and offensive language. REPRESENTED FOR
    NATIONAL. ADVERTISINO BY

Heading: National Educational Advertising Services
Content: A DIVISION o r M W U ' *  D IG E S T  S A L E S  *  S E R V IC E S . IN C . 3 6
    0  L e x in g to n  A >> << ., N e w  Y ork , N .Y . 10017 *

Heading: I
Content: Office: F och i Printing Co., 229 M arket Sireal, 523-4221 Consultant: Brad
    Tuft*. 524-1221

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: ABS Offices
Content: W m m ,

Heading: mm
Content: 

Heading: Course Descriptions
Content: 

Heading: SIS Volunteers
Content: Any student interested in running for an ABS Office should notify Craig Eby at
    1535 before Feb. 16, in order to have their name placed on the preliminary
    ballot. After the preliminary slate is an nounced, those students still de
    siring to run, must submit a peti tion with 50 names to the nominat ing
    committee by Feb. 22. The final slate will be announced Feb. 23 and the
    final election will be March 1.

Heading: Obituaries
Content: (Continued from Page 1) transferred last weekend to St. Joseph's Hospital in
    Paterson, N.J., after making considerable improve ment. A memorial service
    was held on campus the Wednesday following the accident. Conducted by Chap
    lain Gardner, the service also in volved President Watts, the mem bers of
    the Chapel choir who were on campus, and David Parker and John Sculley,
    fraternity brothers of (he two boys. In addition, Glen Kidder, a junior,
    played and sang a folk song he composed in their memory. On Thursday,
    January 28, an other accident occurred on Route 22, about ten miles from the
    first one. A car containing two freshmen who were leaving school after hav
    ing completed January projects, skidded on ice and hit a truck head-on. Both
    students were taken to Latrobe Hospital, where Ronald Jacques died early
    Saturday morn ing. He was 18 years old and a member of the freshman basket
    ball team. Funeral services were held Tues day at Brackenridge, Pa., where
    he lived, followed by a memorial service in the chapel on Thursday conducted
    by Chaplain Gardner and Father Patrina. Wayne Ciccarelli, of Irwin, Pa., was
    in critical condition and al though his condition has improved somewhat, he
    remains in serious condition at Latrobe Hospital. The SIS is attempting to
    create an efficient, adequate and compre hensive information center to serve
    the needs of the University com munity. We wish to collect ALL relevent
    information which the stu dents need. We need volunteers to correlate,
    obtain and review this in formation. If you are interested, regardless of
    the amount of time you can offer us, or have any ques tions contact Geoff
    Blood at 3455 or 1346 or write Box B-427.

Heading: Eco Committee
Content: Any student desiring to serve on the Environmental and Advisory Committee to
    study and make re commendations concerning the Uni versity as an ecological
    system should pick up a petition in the Dean of Student Affairs Office and
    return it by 3 p.m. February 11. Interested students are also requir ed to
    attend the ABS meeting that night at 7:30 in 102-A Coleman. Further
    questions, contact Dave Lacy at 1526.

Heading: Bridge Team
Content: An organizational meeting of the Bridge Team of 4 League will be held Tuesday at
    4:45 p.m. in Olin Science 205. It is open to students, faculty, staff, and
    wives. For more information call 1207. ___________

Heading: CUP <<NO SAVE
Content: ------------- --

Heading: LOW COST, SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: i ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: SCHEDULED IMMEDIATELY
Content: 

Heading: (212) 490-3600
Content: I PROFESSIONAL SCHEDULING SERVICE, Inc. I 545 Fifth Ave., New York City 10017 |
    There is a fee (or ourj^rvice^ ____

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: Hotline Personnel
Content: The HOTLINE is in critical need of new personnel. The effectiveness of its
    continued operation depends upon the immediate training of in terested
    volunteers. A mass meet ing has been scheduled for Sunday at 9 p.m. in the
    C.A. Corner Room. It is open to anyone who is inter ested. For more
    information call Glenn Kidder at 524-0306 or 1346.

Heading: Bucknell Meeting
Content: The Bucknellian will hold a staff meeting on Tuesday at 7 p.m. in 102-A coleman.
    Anyone interested in working on the paper this se mester is also invited to
    attend.

Heading: News Staff
Content: (Continued from Page 1) Serving in her second year as circulation manager is
    Nancy Schiller, a junior. Johanna Craw ford, a freshman, is subscriptions
    manager. Sue Kern, a junior who has helped with layout for two years, is
    copy editor. Junior Scott Gebhardt, is head of national advertising, with
    Dave Stein, a sophomore, in charge of local advertising.

Heading: TEACHERS
Content: 

Heading: NEEDED
Content: 

Heading: Opportunities for beginning
Content: 

Heading: and experienced candidates,
Content: 

Heading: private
Content: 

Heading: schools,
Content: 

Heading: coast
Content: 

Heading: to
Content: 

Heading: coast. Also public schools in
Content: 

Heading: j the
Content: 

Heading: northeast.
Content: 

Heading: Especially
Content: 

Heading: sciences,
Content: 

Heading: math,
Content: 

Heading: languages.
Content: 

Heading: Write today for particulars.
Content: 

Heading: SCHOOL SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: BUREAU
Content: 

Heading: Post Office Box 278K
Content: 

Heading: Windsor Connecticut, 06095
Content: 

Heading: Tel. 203-688-6409
Content: (Continued from Page 1) mittee regarding the rotation of freshmen in upperclass
    cafeterias because of the lack of interest on the part of the freshmen and
    be cause the University Center will be open next September. John Zeller,
    vice-president of business and finance, approved the ABS recommendation
    regarding the procedure of signing checks for student organizations.
    Effective February 1, the co-signatures re quired on these checks include
    the treasurer of the organization, the president or the advisor, and Mr.
    Robert Shimer, University Bursur. The Board of Trustees has ap proved the
    addition of five dollars to the student activity fee. This money will be set
    aside for the ABS scholarship fund to be administered by the financial aids
    office. The Congress also set up a dead line of February 25, for finishing
    their consideration of the Uni versity Senate. The remaining areas to be
    discussed include the amendments concerning athletics and the organization
    of committees, especially the student life commit tee. K X X S S

Heading: CHAMPION
Content: 

Heading: SHOE REPAIR
Content: 

Heading: YOUR COMPLETE SHOE SERVICE CENTER
Content: 

Heading: Shaw Boots
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: Work Shoes
Content: 

Heading: Moccasins
Content: 

Heading: for boots with a
Content: 

Heading: western flavor!
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: Sandals
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: 2 Purses
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: Shoe Care Supplies si
Content: 2 ^ .

Heading: Deck Sneakers
Content: 

Heading: Rubber Footwear
Content: 

Heading: TEX
Content: 

Heading: North of Weis Market (tm) Downtown Lewisburg
Content: 

Heading: "I just lookiorjfhod songs.
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: Ana if I wrote somerof them, that s nice,
Content: 

Heading: And if I didn't, that's nice too.' xom RUSh
Content: 

Heading: On Tom Rush's second Columbia
Content: 

Heading: album, you can tell he's happy. He
Content: 

Heading: composed four songs for the album.
Content: 

Heading: It was produced by David Briggs
Content: 

Heading: (Neil Young's producer).
Content: 

Heading: And in addition to the usual
Content: 

Heading: array of Tom Rush discoveries,
Content: 

Heading: the new album contains such unex
Content: 

Heading: pected material as Tom's version
Content: 

Heading: of "Sweet Baby James,''plus a brand-
Content: 

Heading: new JamesTaylor song, "Riding
Content: 

Heading: on a Railroad."
Content: 

Heading: The new Tom Rush album will
Content: 

Heading: take you to many places, and put you
Content: 

Heading: through every mood imaginable.
Content: 

Heading: But there's one thing you'll notice
Content: 

Heading: throughout: it's more than nice.
Content: 

Heading: Because Tom Rush found what
Content: 

Heading: he was looking for. _
Content: lEEm m m

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEBRUARY 5, 1971

Heading: On Colum bia Records * and Tapes
Content: W EEEE

Heading: m
Content: m

Heading: WM
Content: 

Heading: Mermen Ride High Wave;
Content: 

Heading: Swimmers Meet Syracuse
Content: By MARK KNODERER Dick Russell's mermen, now sporting a 6-1 record, head into
    February after a long month of hard work and improving tim es. In January
    the team posted wins over Delaware, Pittsburgh, Lafay ette, Cornell, and
    LaSalle, while losing to a powerful Army team. The most dramatic victory of
    the month was the 60-53 triumph over Cornell on January 23. The m eet was a
    revenge of sorts for several of the Bisons who played on the water polo team
    and suffered three defeats at the hands of the Big Red. The Bisons were
    behind m ost of the way in this m eet, at one time trailing by as much as 13
    points. They were also behind in the free style relay when anchor man Peter
    O'K eeffe took off after Cornell's Bill Balchunas. O'K eeffe caught him at
    the third turn, and turned on a tremendous sprint during the fourth lap to
    win by seven tenths of a second. The other January victories were m ore or
    less routine. Delaware was defeated 68-43, Pitt 76-37, Lafayette 72-41, and
    LaSalle 76-37. The loss to Army, however, was another story. Army has the
    second best team in the East, and hurdling Bucknell was no large obstacle
    for them. After five events the Cadets held a 33-10 lead and the meet was
    all but over. The Cadets eased up, and the Bisons cam e back to make the
    score a respectable 66-46. During January, Coach Russell worked the team
    very hard, and the squad frequently put in 5,000 yards a day. The team did
    not ease up for the tough m eets, Army and Cornell, because, in Russell's
    own words " We have only one goal this year: winning the M.A.C. champ
    ionship." The m ost pleasant result of the work is the development of the
    freshmen, several of whom are turning in excellent times. Sprinter Steve
    Winings rebroke his own record in the 50 free style (21.7) and will probably
    drop som e m ore before the season is over. He has also developed into a
    threat in the 100 free, frequently breaking 50 seconds flat. A second
    sprinter is Dough Storey, who has splashed to 23.2 in the 50 free and 52.2
    in the 100 free. Distance men Gary Norton and Doug Roberts are inching
    closer to senior Mike Huffman everyday. Against. LaSalle last Saturday "
    Huffy"  beat Norton by five tenths

Heading: b
Content: of a second in the 1000, and Roberts by nine tenths of a second in the 500.
    Russell has also developed two freshmen breastrokers to com ple ment the
    fine group he already has. Scott H effley has posted a tim e of 2:29.0 and
    Jim  Hughes 2:32.1 in the 200 breastroke. As for the varsity, what can be
    said? Peter O'K eeffe, when not winning the 200 free and 500 free, took time
    off to smash the 200 back- stroke record with a glittering time of 2:00.2.
    Paul Landes is " back"  after a disappointing sophomore year, and is
    approaching his best tim es in all events, including a 49.3 relay split
    against Cornell. The two co-captains, Mike Huff man and Jack Krohmer are
    also having fine years. Huffy is within seconds of his best times of last
    year in both the 1000 and 500, and with two freshmen pushing him, is likely
    to lower them. Krohmer has been busting 50 seconds flat for 100 free all
    year, and has won several key races. The breastroke trio of Bob Ras mussen,
    Matt Slick, and Charlie Wilf are having their best year by far. At the
    present tim e, Slick has posted a time of 2:23.8, Raz 2:24.5, and Wilf,
    before a leg injury side lined him, 2:27.3. On the diving boards, Ronn Jenk
    ins has developed the best duo that the Bisons have ever had in Ron Farr and
    Bob Richards. Both are now consistantly over 200 points on both the one and
    three meter boards, and have shown steady im provement. At the present time,
    the goal is Saturday's m eet with Syracuse. The meet starts at 1:30 in the
    Freas-Rooke natatorium. For the past four years the m eet has been decided
    in the last event, the freestyle relay, and Dick Rus sell expects that "
    this year should be no exception, if we can hold them off until then."  The
    coach has his fingers crossed.

Heading: Tournament Champs!
Content: 

Heading: Leopards Beat Big Blue;
Content: 

Heading: Cagers Clash with N YU
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL With hopes of breaking a 6 game losing streak, the Bison cagers
    will m eet NYU tomorrow night at NYU. BU will be looking to reverse a 59-58
    loss from last season. The Herd will be making its first ap pearance at NYU
    since 1955 and is seeking its first win ever over the Violets. NYU is 3-11
    on the season and is sporting a losing streak of its own. The Violets played
    Manhatten last night. A spectacular 36 point perform ance by Lafayette's
    Tracy Tripucka led the Leopards to a 87-73 win over the Bisons last Tuesday.
    Tripucka, the nation's eleventh leading scorer, netted 22 points in a first
    half that saw Lafayette lead by 14 at intermission. The Thundering Herd
    managed to pull within 4 points, 30-26, midway The mermen have made a big
    splash this past January while compiling a 6-1 record. Here, they are
    readying to " plunge ahead"  in final prepara tion for their meet against
    Syracuse this Saturday. WVBU will broadcast the Bison's - basketball game
    against the Violets of New York University, live from New York City,
    starting at 7:30 p.m. this Saturday, February 6. through the period, but
    excellent passing and shooting by the Leo pards expanded the lead to 54-40
    at the half. In the second half, Lafayette led by as much as 18 points, but
    the Bisons pulled to within 10 three times only to be pushed back. Fouls
    hurt the Herd as Jim Dono van, Dave Greenwood, and Chris Riley all had to
    sit out part, of the gam e due to personal fouls. Offensive standouts for
    the Bisons were Harvey Carter and Jim  Dono van with 21 and 16 points respec
    tively. During intersession, BU compiled a 5-7 mark, but included in the
    victories was a championship in the Albright Invitational. The Bisons won
    their first game in the Christ mas Tourney in overtim e, 82-74 over West
    Chester. In the champ ionship game the Herd whipped Williams by a wide
    margin, 71-52. BU's Paul Biko was voted out standing player in the
    tournament. Biko and Dave Greenwood, both sophomores, were named to the
    Tournament All-Star team. The Herd followed this cham p ionship with 2
    victories at hom e. First they defeated Rochester 90-65 behind Bill
    Peterson's 24 points, then they eased by Colgate 61-60 on Biko's layup with
    five seconds left.

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: WANTED--Trail Boy or Girl To Conduct Horseback Riding--Call 523-0413.

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: Legal Abortions Without Delay

Heading: CAMPUS
Content: -----

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: ------

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. SATURDAY, SUNDAY,
Content: 

Heading: MONDAY. TUESDAY SS
Content: 

Heading: It's Love and Fun Time
Content: 

Heading: "LOVERS and
Content: 

Heading: OTHER STRANGERS"
Content: 

Heading: GIG
Content: 

Heading: YOUNG
Content: 

Heading: STARRING
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: ANNE
Content: 

Heading: JACKSON
Content: 

Heading: EUROPE
Content: Round-trip DC-8

Heading: JET
Content: from New York For only $210* round trip, Icelandic Airlines flies you di rect to
    Luxembourg in the heart of Europe for best connections to everywhere. Daily
    Jets. No groups to join. Stay one day or up to 45. Fly Icelandic-- for low
    est fares to Iceland, Luxem bourg, England, Scotland, Nor way, Sweden and
    Denmark. Special fares for students and groups remaining overseas more than
    45 <<lays. Major credit cards r Pay Later Plan. Mail coupon; then call your
    travel agent. | *Add $20 one way on Fri. and Sat. To: Icelandic Airlines 630
    Fifth Ave., N.Y. 10020 (212) PL 7-8585 Send folder CN on Lowest Jet Fares to
    Europe # Student Fares Q SHOW TIMES 7:00 - 9:00 Name- Street. City- State.
    -Zlp-

Heading: STARTING
Content: 

Heading: WED. FEB. 10
Content: 

Heading: "CATCH 22"
Content: My travel agent is

Heading: COMING SOON
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: FIYE EASY PIECES --
Content: 

Heading: BORSAUNO --  LOVESTORY --  FANTASIA
Content: 

Heading: ICELANDIC
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: "
Content: 

Heading: g
Content: 

Heading: mmsam
Content: 

Heading: AIRFARES
Content: 

Heading: TOEUROPE
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: of any scheduled airline

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEBRUARY 5, 1971

Heading: If you want a job that involves- impor
Content: 

Heading: tant responsibility now-- not ten years
Content: 

Heading: from now-- the Pennsylvania Department
Content: 

Heading: of Transportation could be the place for
Content: 

Heading: you. We encourage initiative, welcome
Content: 

Heading: new ideas, and give you every opportunity
Content: 

Heading: to get ahead. M's the challenges and the
Content: 

Heading: important responsibilities that make a job
Content: 

Heading: exciting. If you want to take the first step
Content: 

Heading: toward a fulfilling career, look into a fu
Content: 

Heading: ture with the Pennsylvania Department of
Content: 

Heading: Transportation. See our recruiter when he
Content: 

Heading: visits your campus.
Content: 

Heading: If you want to make it, this is the place.
Content: 

Heading: Interview Date:
Content: 

Heading: FEBRUARY 12,1971
Content: 

Heading: P
Content: 

Heading: i n
Content: 

Heading: t a i l
Content: 

Heading: DepCifTraBprtatiN
Content: 

Heading: Bureau of Personnel/Harrisburg. Pa. 17120
Content: 

Heading: AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER
Content: Wi

Heading: VOLUME LXXm  -- NO. 27
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 9. 1971
Content: 

Heading: 'Che
Content: 

Heading: Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY, LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: Reknowned rock group " Chicago"  will be movin' into Davis Gym Fri day, February
    19, for two concerts at 7:30 and 10:00 p.m. Tickets for the second show are
    now available, and first show tickets may be exchanged for 10:00 tickets at
    the Bookstore.

Heading: For Writing and Study
Content: second show are now avaname, ana nrsi snow ucnei* way uc c*vua<<6v>>. ___ #

Heading: Mrt<< fhiram th<<r University Confers Eleven Sabbaticals
Content: 

Heading: vUlllllllliliVV Ullll!3 IjIllt agU L3IIU If
Content: 5 sabbatical leaves for all or part Vaughan Professor of Econom ics, and
    Professor M oore's primary ami . -i tn _ t __ a. __ <<.<<f/uuiAw a ! ie fra
    nnmnlnfo a hftnk Pnt.l[. 18 n Priit*

Heading: Slates Grateful Dead in April
Content: By BILL WHITNEY Due to increased demand for tickets to the February 19 Chicago
    concert, two perform ances w ill be given that evening instead of one as
    originally scheduled. * The first show w ill begin at 7:30 p.m . Season
    tickets or regular ad mission tickets purchased prior to February 10 will be
    valid at the 7:30 p.m . perform ance only. The second perform ance will
    start at 10:00 p.m. Tickets for this perform ance may be purchased at the
    Bookstore starting Wednesday, February 10, for $5.50. Persons holding
    regular admiss ion tickets bought before February 10 (valid only at the 7:30
    p.m. show) may exchange these tickets for admissions to the 10:00 per form
    ance at the Bookstore. Holders of season tickets may obtain tick ets to the
    10:00 p.m. show by pay ing the difference in price between the season ticket
    Chicago concert admission and a $5.50 regular ad mission ticket. Four acts
    have been contracted by the Bucknell Concert Committee to make up the second
    sem ester concert schedule. Appearing will be SeaTrain, Grateful Dead, a
    touring-company perform ance of " Your Own Thing," and Tom Rush. SeaTrain,
    plus another act, will be here Friday, March 5. SeaTrain is a group of five
    young musicians which produces a unique sound by (Continued on Page 5)
    Sabbatical leaves for all or part of the 1971-72 academ ic year have been
    granted to eleven faculty mem bers according to an announce ment by Dr.
    Wendell 1. Smith, University provost. Leaves for the full year were approved
    for Dr. J. Ernest Keen, associate professor of psychology; Dr. John D.
    Kirkland, Jr., associate professor of history; Dr. J. William M oore,
    professor of education; Dr. Mark D. Neuman, associate pro fessor of history;
    Dr. Charles A. Root, assistant professor of chem is try; and Ralph C.
    Walker, professor of electrical engineering. Dr. William H. Cooper, C. P.
    Vaughan Professor of Econom ics, and Dr. Lester Kieft, professor of chem
    istry, w ill be on leave for the first sem ester, and Dr. Hulda Mag- alhaes,
    professor of zoology; Dar ina J. Tuhy, associate professor of m usic; and
    Dr. John S. Wheatcroft, professor of English; will take leaves the second
    sem ester. Professor Keen will spend ap proxim ately half of his tim e at
    the Capital District Psychiatric Center in Albany, N .Y., where an innova
    tive practice of mental services to patients in the ghetto areas is be ing
    conducted. Dr. Kirkland will spend the aca dem ic year in Paris doing
    research

Heading: Branches Solicit Volunteers
Content: 

Heading: SIS Organizes Advisory Board
Content: By LINDA DIETRICK What is SIS? Mainly, it's people. People who make it their
    business to know the answers--about abortion and birth control, about drugs
    and the draft, about activities on the camims--or

Heading: Zeller's Title Changed
Content: 

Heading: Faculty Passes Program
Content: By JENNY CHEN Announcement was made last night that John Zellers' official title
    will becom e V ice President for Administration and Finance. Ad ded to his
    present duties he will co ordinate alumni relations, develop ment, and
    public relations. Also on the agenda of the month ly faculty meeting was a
    report brought back to the faculty with recommendations for program s for
    students with differently prepared backgrounds. The first motion of four
    which were approved for consideration asked that the Summer Transitional
    Program  be reviewed by the Com mittee of Academ ic Regulations. A question
    was asked whether the budget could support this program, ft was noted that
    $8,000 is pro v id ed  other than from  the instruc tional budget. The
    recommendation suggested

Heading: Library Exhibits
Content: 

Heading: Jan Plan Photos
Content: By LUCY TYRRELL A photography exhibit recently placed in the student lounge of
    the Bertrand Library displays repre sentative photos taken by the par
    ticipants in the photography work shop January Plan and the Photo graphy
    Club. This exhibit, to be in the lounge ^ or two weeks, is com prised en
    tirely of black and white photo graphs, the medium dealt with in the January
    plan on photagraphy, directed by Mr. James D. Lyon, Jr. Mr. Lyon evaluated
    the plan as being very successful. Approxi mately forty-five participants,
    in cluding students from  other cam puses and 2 faculty wives, w ere divided
    into two sections--begin ners, numbering about thirty, and those who studied
    m ore advanced techniques. that at least two or three indi viduals should
    participate in this summ er program , which has been designated the East
    Pennsylvania Consortium for Differently Prepared Students. The second
    objective it to have an advisor who could identify with the students but who
    is not re stricted to these differently pre pared students. A summer
    recruitment program , the Afro-Am ericans for Educational Opportunity, would
    recruit minority group students to higher education. It would cover
    differently prepared students at a minimum, not neces sarily Afro-American
    students. The fourth motion concerns special program s to help the dif
    ferently prepared students. It was pointed out by Provost W endel Smith that
    exceptions would not be m ade for these students that would hinder academ ic
    program s, in answer to Professor Em il Polak's question. There would be
    supple mental services such as tutoring which would be provided. In other
    business, Provost Wendel Smith presented a m otion that would designate the
    visiting pro fessor of M ilitary Science of ROTC as a participant in vote
    and voice only in matters of ROTC during faculty meetings. Professor Hugh M
    cKeegan a- mended the motion asking to change voice and vote to encom pass
    all faculty affairs. It was pointed out that ROTC is a program  and not an
    academ ic department. With this raid to de bate, the amendment was defeated.
    Another amendment presented by Professor Robert Beard asked that visiting
    professor of M ilitary Sci ence be changed to Director of the m ilitary
    program . The amended motion was finally passed by voice vote. At the
    present, a petition is being circulated by Professors Charles Longley and
    Robert Beard con cerning file inform er debate of the (Continued on Page 5)
    know who to ask for the answers. It's students who give up horns of their
    time to sit by a phone; it's a calm  voice at the other end of the Hotline.
    It's professionals who refuse to ignore the inevitable prob lem s of 2900
    college students. In short, SIS is people who care. Organized last year by
    students who recognized the need for an easily accessible source of informa
    tion and help, the Student Informa tion Service (SIS) consists of three
    student-run branches: the Informa tion Center, Hotline and Peer Counseling.
    Recently a new administrative and advisary system was initiated. Replacing
    the old steering com m ittee as an advisary board, con sisting of SIS
    adviser Thomas J. Risch, Dean of M en; Jack Blyskal, coordinator; Geoff
    Blood, in charge of the Information Center; Glenn Kidder, in charge of
    Hotline; Karen Farnsworth, in charge of P eer Counseling; and three other
    mem bers from  the University's pro-

Heading: Meeting
Content: The Bucknellian will hold a staff meeting on Tuesday at 7 p.m . in 102-A
    coleman. Anyone interested in working on the paper this se mester is also
    invited to attend. fessional community. The latter have not yet been
    definitely chosen. " We hope it (the re-organization) will make us m ore
    efficient,"  said coordinator Jack Blyskal, who will act as a combined
    executive secre tary, treasurer, and correlator of information. " It will
    give us the potential for a m ore broad-based system  of operation." One
    department that is expand ing, both in services and in staff, is file
    Information Center. located in the back room  of the Bison, the center
    maintains a bulletin board and a collection of pamphlets of interest to
    students, in addition to taking calls at 1346 daily from  12 noon to 9 p.m.
    Students are en couraged to dial this number dur ing the day until Hotline
    goes into operation at 8 p.m. At an open meeting for the In formation Center
    last Friday, some new volunteers were signed up, and plans were made to
    gather and correlate all kinds of new informa tion which could be of use to
    stu dents. The ultimate aim is to make the service as com plete and com
    prehensive as possible. " We need ton of help,"  Geoff Blood said yesterday,
    asking volun teers to check the SIS bulletin board in the back room  of the
    Bison for a list of jobs. Those interested in helping or having suggestions
    should leave a note there or else contact the office. " Also, if anyone has
    any information, they can call it in,"  he added. Hotline continues to
    operate at its usual time--from 8 p.m. to 6 a.m. every night. The number is
    1515. The students on duty are trained to handle any kind of call--from
    simple requests for information to matters of extrem e personal crisis. " We
    try to answer the questions to the best of our ability,"  explains Blyskal,
    " and, where necessary, make referrals to the proper agency or person."  The
    big thing we stress is anonymity. That's why we don't publicize who is on
    Hot line." Callers need not identify them selves; however, he empha sized: "
    Our files are confidential and locked. Only the people on Hot line can get
    to them." Both Information Center and Hot line personnel must undergo in
    tensive training before they are allowed to answer the phones. This training
    is conducted by the re spective SIS department heads and by qualified
    professionals from  both on and off campus. Trainees are taught techniques
    for handling crisis situations and procedures for referring callers to other
    sources such as peer counsel ors. The latter are fellow  students with
    specialized knowledge on such subjects as the draft, drugs, alco hol,
    abortion, and birth control. Hotline callers m ay also be di rected to the
    Pregnancy Clinic, a subgroup of Peer Counseling headed by Jeff Sengstack.
    and Professor M oore's primary aim is to complete a book entitled Prin
    ciples of Instruction. He will also complete some research projects in the
    general area of concept learning and human motivation. Professor Neuman
    plans to spend his sabbatical period in England where he will edit three
    volumes in a series of late 18th and 19th cen tury treatises on poverty and
    its relief in England. Dr. Root has received a National Science Foundation
    Science Faculty Fellowship and will spend the year at file California
    Institute of Tech nology. Professor Walker will con sult with professors at
    other insti tutions as well as here in an effort to further develop social-
    human concepts within the engineering- technological program at the Uni
    versity. Dr. Cooper will undertake a study of the developm ent of an econom
    ic awareness among rural populations, and Dr. Kieft plans to visit several
    universities which are now using innovative methods of chem istry in-
    (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Baltimore Colts S ip
Content: 

Heading: Gridman Rohrbaugh
Content: By DAN MILLER The World Champion Baltimore Colts dipped into the 1970 crop of
    Bison gridmen and cam e up with offensive guard Bob Rohrbaugh. Rohrbaugh is
    the third Bison to get a chance to try out with the Colts. Sam Havrilak and
    Tom Mitc hell, form er BU stars, currently occupy berths on the Colt roster.
    Also, the offensive line coach, George Young, is a form er player at BU. At
    6-3, and 295, Rohrbaugh has the size and strength to " play for pay."  He
    has impressed scouts from Dallas, and several other pro team s, with his
    quickness. Coach Prender said that this year he tried " to run as many plays
    as possible over Bob because his ability to open holes made it easier to
    spring our running backs." Rohrbaugh, himself is extrem ely happy with his
    chance to make it in pro football, especially with the Colts. " Training cam
    p starts in the middle of July mid it's located in W estminister, Maryland,
    which is only 20 m iles from m y hom e. I'm  really pleased to get a chance
    to try out anywhere, but especially with the Colts since they've been my
    team  for the last 15 years." Besides tossing around defensive linemen on
    the gridiron, Rohrbaugh also tossed the shotput and the discus for the Bison
    track team .

Heading: Harrisburg Six Trial
Content: Editor's Note: This is Hie second of a two part chronology on the Harrisburg Six
    Trial. Librarians Called JANUARY 15, 1971 -- Judge Herman hears a request
    for reduction of bail for the three Baltimore defendants: Frs. N eil
    McLaughlin and Joseph Wenderoth and Mr. Scoblick. Eleven character witnesses
    are presented. Judge Herman questions one of them, Rev. J. William M ichael-
    man, concerning the manner and extent to which he had demonstrated on
    occasion with som e of the defendants. The Judge lowers the bail bsy half,
    requiring ten percent in cash, a total of $7,500. He restricts their travel
    to New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Delaware. Mrs. Horn and Miss Rom are called
    by the Grand Jury; they refuse to answer each question on the grounds that
    they might incriminate themselves. Prosecutor Goodwin asks for Use Immunity
    for Sister Joques. Jack Levine, her lawyer, opposes such immunity as
    unconstitutional. The (Continued on Page 3) ^

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: m n a i n i m a n 1

Heading: SU
Content: 

Heading: 1 1
Content: p j|  g|jSS1 !SS1811

Heading: ___
Content: l i - .  71/T

Heading: -----
Content: J.

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: It is time to examine the motives
Content: 

Heading: behind recent University actions. We ap
Content: 

Heading: plaud the adoption of the four proposals
Content: 

Heading: of the Subcommittee on Differently Pre
Content: 

Heading: pared Students. These proposals aimed
Content: 

Heading: at facilitating the transition from ghetto
Content: 

Heading: life to the college campus and easing the
Content: 

Heading: strain of social and academic pressures
Content: 

Heading: on minority group students should have
Content: 

Heading: been implemented long ago. Why is the
Content: 

Heading: University only
Content: 

Heading: now
Content: 

Heading: expanding
Content: 

Heading: its
Content: 

Heading: "social consciousness ?"
Content: 

Heading: The answer to the question we now
Content: 

Heading: face involves nothing less than a full-
Content: 

Heading: scale redefinition of the goals of this and
Content: 

Heading: every institution of higher learning.
Content: 

Heading: Have we acted upon the problems of mi
Content: 

Heading: nority group students simply because
Content: 

Heading: the time for remedying thesei difficulties
Content: 

Heading: has come? Just what are our reasons
Content: 

Heading: for existing? In order to make rational
Content: 

Heading: decisions, in order to make critical judge
Content: 

Heading: ments, in order to solve problems facing
Content: 

Heading: the institution, the objectives of the Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity must be known.
Content: 

Heading: Should we exist to train men and
Content: 

Heading: women for prospective careers, thereby
Content: 

Heading: acting as a certification board for in
Content: 

Heading: dustry? Are we an academic community
Content: 

Heading: whose goal is to impart knowledge to a
Content: 

Heading: select number of middle and upper class
Content: 

Heading: students? The universities are the re
Content: 

Heading: positories of knowledge; should they
Content: 

Heading: then play a more central role in guiding
Content: 

Heading: the development of society? Should we
Content: 

Heading: be committed to raising
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: society from ig
Content: 

Heading: norance to understanding?
Content: 

Heading: On the anniversary marking one
Content: 

Heading: hundred and twenty-five years of pro
Content: 

Heading: viding knowledge to thousands, we must
Content: 

Heading: come to the realization that we have lost
Content: 

Heading: our sense of direction. There is no clear
Content: 

Heading: conception of what the University should
Content: 

Heading: be. We feel that the present proposals
Content: 

Heading: for Differently Prepared Students out
Content: 

Heading: line an excellent beginning to the solu
Content: 

Heading: tion of a pressing need. However, the
Content: 

Heading: final resolution of this and future prob
Content: 

Heading: lems hinges upon our determination of
Content: 

Heading: the purpose of the academic community.
Content: 

Heading: Keeping Score
Content: 

Heading: Here is your official Bucknellian Score Sheet. With
Content: 

Heading: it, you can keep a running tally of how many "we" get
Content: 

Heading: and how many "they" get during the Laotian "incurs
Content: 

Heading: ion." Symbols representing the dead can vary with one's
Content: 

Heading: taste ; you may segregate the victims by People or lump
Content: 

Heading: them together (no pun intended).
Content: 

Heading: Since the Administration has imposed censorship
Content: 

Heading: on information regarding the* invasion, the news media
Content: 

Heading: has been even more restricted than usual in trying to
Content: 

Heading: determine our real motives in Southeast Asian actions.
Content: 

Heading: In the event that you wish to "widen the scope" of your
Content: 

Heading: Score Sheet, you may use it for the more mundane pur
Content: 

Heading: pose of determining who's "winning" and who's "losing"
Content: 

Heading: in the rest of Indochina.
Content: 

Heading: SCORE SHEET
Content: #mmm

Heading: Journalism
Content: To The Editor: Approximately one year ago, at least fifty university students
    sign ed a petition expressing genuine interest in having journalism courses
    offered here. And, follow ing a year of consulting with Harry R. Garvin,
    English Department Chairman, and the department's Committee on Hiring and
    Retention, Mike Scheinberg and I would like to report our results. After
    much deliberation, the Com mittee decided that it could not "at this time or
    in the foreseeable fu ture hire a staff member for the purpose of
    instituting courses in journalism." Several alternatives were then
    considered: study at area colleges now offering journalism courses; study
    via qualified personnel brought to the campus; and, finally, journalistic
    study in connection with the January Program. The Committee stated that the
    January Program was especially designed for the "kind of educa tional
    experience that the regular curriculum cannot provide and which offers the
    most satisfactory procedure for bringing to the cam pus temporary
    instructors in jour nalism or for allowing students to seek out journalism
    instruction elsewhere." The Committee consists of Dennis Baumwoll, Harry
    Garvin (Ex of ficio), K. Ward Hooker, Karl Pat ten, John Wheatcroft and John
    Tilton, its chairman. Mike Scheinberg and I wish to thank the Committee for
    its honest deliberation, and those who signed the petition for showing
    interest and patience. Hopefully, those in dividuals who would seek out
    journalistic experience will utilize Jan Plan 1972. Such an action would
    certainly be another step in eventually bringing journalistic in struction
    formally to this univer sity. Sincerely, David Hammer

Heading: Prof. Cushman
Content: To the Editor: On 9 December, 1970 a petition was sent to each member of the
    Department of History concerning the refusal to renew the contract of
    Professor Mortimer Cushman. As you recall, the students who signed that
    petition agreed that Professor Cushman has been not only a "stimulating
    professor, but also a man whose concern and in volvement have led to
    significant contributions to the academic com munity and the Department of
    His tory." More than 80% of the students who have had Professor Cushman and
    who are still at Bucknell whole heartedly endorsed that statement. When you
    reply that "the decision was made only after careful con sideration of the
    feelings of stu dents who were fiercely loyal and almost equally
    antagonistic,"

Heading: I
Content: must suggest that either your facts were inaccurate or that you failed to
    thoroughly investigate the nature ________ ,, _ .

Heading: ___
Content: or even the quantity of student Quite obviously, if people like the Berrigans
    could be kept perpetually complaints. In either case, the facts (Continued
    on Page 5) would indicate the necessity of re-

Heading: Harrisburg Implications
Content: By PHILIP WITHIM The indicting of the Harrisburg Six and the subpoenaning of
    four members of the Bucknell community has important implications which need
    to be pointed out. Obviously if a crime has been committed, the Government
    has the obligation to prosecute the potentially guilty. But this is the only
    right the Government has in raising prosecutions, and, unfortunately, the
    Gov ernment's record in this area is strained. The behavior of Judge Ford in
    the Spock case and of Judge Hoffman in Chicago has been outrageous. The
    convictions obtained in the Spock case have been overturned, and there is a
    strong possibility that the Chicago convictions will meet the same fate. In
    the case of the Seattle 7 (now arrived at a mistrial) the defense was able
    to establish that a paid informer, using FBI funds supplied for that
    purpose, purchased dynamite, bomb-makings, LSD and other drugs, and gave
    them to the Weathermen. He provided a gun for himself and taught its use. He
    admitted on the stand that many of the Weathermen had never handled a gun
    before. He also admitted that he urged the de fendants to violent and
    illegal actions. At this time the defendants are still in jail awaiting a
    Government decision on a new trial. The judge has forbidden bail even in the
    face of a superior court decision. (Nation, Jan. 25.) The Law The conspiracy
    statute itself is very vague; It makes intentions illegal, rather than
    actions. Under its conditions as few as two people ra n constitute a
    conspiracy. If, in a given group of dissenters, one under takes a single
    action, not in itself illegal (such as a phone call), which ran be construed
    as furthering the objectives of a conspiracy, all who spoke together about
    the plan--even if it was never seriously considered, even if they never knew
    of the action--can be tried for c rimes carrying a penalty of life
    imprisonment. Under conditions such as these, completely innocent people may
    well be advised by counsel to take the Fifth Ammendment so as to protect
    themselves against twisted or malicious interpretations of what they said or
    thought. More importantly, innocent people may feel as a matter of
    conscience that they must challenge the Government at some point, risking
    contempt of court, so that other persons in more awkward situa tions may
    have that full protection of the Bill of Rights to which every citizen is
    entitled. Once a government's motives for pursuing a particular prosecution
    are in question, it becomes useful to inquire what government so gains. One
    possible effect is that such actions necessarily break up and disperse
    fjicapnting groups. Word from Seattle pictures social action organizations
    there as demoralized, passive, filled with distrust of each other. On the
    larger scene, the nation-wide peace movement still has not recovered from
    the impact of the Chicago prosecution. All over the country trials are
    faking place that involve leaders of dissenting citizens whose energies are
    now spent defending themselves, rather than instructing and teaching the
    public. A trial of the Harrisburg Six will certainly serve to divert the
    form idable energies of the Berrigans. If convicted Philip Berrigan could be
    kept behind bars for the rest of his life even though no kidnapping had ever
    occurred, even though not one single illegal action was ever es tablished
    even though Berrigan himself rejects all violence to any person.
    consideration. I am sure that you will also re call the letter which was
    submitted with the petition. A most important question raised in that
    letter, in light of the charge that Dr. Cush man's thesis was "not history,"
    was what, precisely, that disci pline entails. That question, yet
    unanswered, merits response; until it is answered, your charge can surely
    have no validity. Finally, I should ask again the effects of one's
    interdepartmental relationships upon his teaching ability. The overwhelming
    response to the petition you have received certainly indicates, even
    assuming that poor relationships do exist, that they have had little effect
    on Professor Cushman's efficiency as a teacher. And he was hired, after all,
    to teach. In the close of your reply to our petition you expressed a hope
    that we maintain an "active interest" in the affairs of your department. As
    long as that department re mains deaf to student voices, that hope is
    unwarranted. I ask you again to reconsider your refusal to renew Dr.
    Cushman's contract. Sincerely, Jeffrey Hirshberg

Heading: Junk Mail
Content: To the Editor: Upon discovering a fistful of "junk mail" in your mailbox this
    past week, what did you do with it? As discarding it merely adds more bulk
    to the garbage accumulation in the mail rooms, the best idea is to refuse to
    accept it. By opening it and mailing back the enclosed material in the al
    ready postpaid envelope provided i by the sender, we can force that company
    to pay first-class postal rates for our refusal to be bom barded by the
    stuff. If everyone were to take a minute to do this every time he received a
    piece of junk mail, perhaps the companies involved would lose money and stop
    sending the junk. Show your outrage! Don't dis card it - send it back. Urge
    your friends to help discourage junk mail senders. Jean Williams

Heading: Appreciation
Content: To The Editor: Lt. Colonel and Mrs. John P. Younger and John, Jr., the family of
    Peter G. Younger, have asked that I try to convey the family's great
    appreciation to Peter's many friends and those members of the faculty and
    the University's pro>- fessional staff for the expressions of sympathy,
    offers of help and great comfort which .have been ex tended to them. The
    Younger family wishes it were possible to acknowledge every one's kindness
    individually; how ever, since that would be almost impossible, they have
    requested the cooperation of The Bucknellian in expressing their gratitude.
    John P. Dunlop Dean of Student Affairs

Heading: l&tfe JSuckncllian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member of
    Associated Collegiate Press. A nnual subscription, $7.00, payable in
    advance. Entered as second class m atter on Septem ber 21, 1922, at the post
    office at Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of M arch 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON
Content: 

Heading: Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES MUSSMAN
Content: Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: STEVE BECKER
Content: 

Heading: DOUG BROWN
Content: 

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: EDITORIAL BOARD
Content: 

Heading: DEAN LANDEW
Content: 

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: 

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: Literary Editor

Heading: TOM NOVINGER
Content: News Assistant

Heading: JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: DAVID WEINBERGER
Content: 

Heading: STEVE WYATT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any issue and take a stand we deem in the best interest of the
    University, to treat every issue w ith the responsibility th at is accorded
    US in a free society, to be constructively critical w hen necessary as well
    as lauda tory when appropriate, and to print th e news w ith accuracy and
    integrity. Editorials appearing on this page reflect the consensus opinion
    of the editorial board and th at of the editors. Signed columns present the
    views only of the authors. Office: Focht Printing Co., 229 M arket Street.
    Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221 523-4221

Heading: Editorial Board
Content: The Editorial Board meets at 6:30 on Monday and 4:00 on Friday In Hunt Formal
    Living Room. All in terested members of the academic community are welcome.

Heading: Comments?
Content: The BUCKNELLIAN is interested in receiving comments from afll members of the
    community con cerning any topics of concern. Ad dress letters and columns to
    Edi torials Editor, BUCKNELLIAN.

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEBRUARY 9, 1971

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: P BB
Content: '(c)( 97 b SflwywBfs>> flU. R ^ c r s RiSrkVEf) -- * ^T^rrodpced bv James
    William Guercio D J970 James William Guercio Enterprises, ine. A' fcpeCfaHy
    pneed #" ^-record set __ * ' Z k 7 ;-.f % 'b

Heading: Fourm
Content: 

Heading: incredible sides
Content: A specially priced 2-record sel.

Heading: (Their new double album.)
Content: A 2-recprd set.

Heading: The complete works
Content: 

Heading: On Columbia Records << and Tapes
Content: *  -COtUM BM .~9 MARCAS M G PMOTCD M U JA

Heading: Defining Our Goals
Content: 

Heading: Harrisburg Six Trial Intrigues Campus
Content: (Continued from Page 1) judge recesses the Grand Jury hearing until he can hand
    down a de cision on January 25. JANUARY 19, 1971 -- Attorney General
    Mitchell seals the prison records of Boyd Douglas. Reporters succeed in
    having the files reopened. In the next several days the records are
    alternately opened and closed; some material seems to be missing while other
    material remains sealed. JANUARY 25, 1971 -- Judge Herman hears oral
    arguments on the Use Immunity. Defense counsel argues that Use Immunity
    evades full protection of the Fifth Amendment since a person can still be
    tried for the transaction about which he testifies. The judge rebuts this
    point, ob serving that as long as he is on the bench, Sister Joques will be
    fully protected. Prosecutor Goodwin insists that Use Immunity confers the
    full protection required by the Fifth Ammendment. After listening for over
    an hour to Levine making the same argument several ways, the judge re marks,
    "I see your point, I just don't believe it." He rules in favor of the
    prosecution's request for the infliction of Use Immunity on Sister Joques.
    In this way, Judge Herman avoided ruling directly on the consti tutionality
    of the new immunity statute. Instead he finds the defense counsel's request
    for denial "without merit." On the same day, a federal judge in Detroit
    rules, in another case, that the attorney general does not have the right to
    undertake wiretaps without a court order in domestic cases even to protect
    the national security. Judge Keith's order is similar to another given by
    Judge Ferguson in Los Angeles on January 12. Judge Keith ordered the govern
    ment to surrender its wiretap evidence to the defense within forty-eight
    hours. These cases are relevant to the Harrisburg Six because so much of the
    Grand Jury questioning, and several of the alleged "overt acts," in volve
    phone calls. Also, Sister Joques is accusing the government of #wire tapping
    her religious order. If a significant portion of the government's evidence
    depends on illegal wiretapping, effective prosecution of its case may be
    rendered all but impossible. Investigation Continues JANUARY 26, 1971 --
    Special Prosecuting Attorney Guy Goodwin un expectedly moves in court to
    grant Transactional Immunity to Sister Joques on the conspiracy and
    kidnapping charges. The judge grants it. The day before both the judge and
    the Prosecutor had agreed that Trans actional Immunity was not necessary
    since Use Immunity already offered ' genuine and complete protection." The
    government's reasons for so moving are not clear. Sister Joques is called to
    testify before the Grand Jury. To each question she replies that the law
    under which she is asked to testify is unconstitutional in that (1) it
    permits the government to use her testimony against her in all transactions
    to which the immunity does not apply, (2) because this Grand Jury has
    already named her as a co conspirator; (3) because the Grand Jury is
    exceeding its proper scope by asking her questions pertaining to matters
    outside the Middle District jurisdiction. Sister Joques is cited for
    contempt and removed to York County Prison. Judge Herman refuses bail.
    Prosecutor Goodwin requests Transactional Immunity for Mrs. Horn, Miss Rom,
    Mr. Joynt and Mrs. Chanel. The Judge grants it. (on Jan. 27) JANUARY 27,
    1971 -- Joseph Joynt and Patricia Ram testify, answer ing all questions to
    the best of her ability. Mrs. Zoia Horn begins her testimony as the day
    closes. JANUARY 28, 1971 -- Fr. William Michaelman, who had been a character
    witness last January 15 for the Baltimore Three has been subpoenaed by the
    Grand Jury. His counsel, Mr. Gallagher, requests the court to quash the
    supoena on the grounds that questioning by the Grand Jury would violate the
    spiritual relationship existing between Fr. Michael man and the defendants,
    particularly Scoblick, who has come to live with him. The motion is denied.
    Counsel Levitan, arguing for his client, Mrs. Patricia Chanel, requests
    permission to be at her side in the Grand Jury room when she is in
    terrogated. Such a procedure is without precedent. Mr. Levitan presents the
    opinion of two psychiatrists that Mrs. Chanel is incompentent to judge the
    questions properly. He reminds the Court that last summer she had spent time
    in a mental institution. The judge denies the motion. In the afternoon, Mrs.
    Horn finishes her testimony, answering all questions to the best of her
    ability. Fr. Michaelman is called. Under in structions from his lawyer, he
    emerges from the Grand Jury room forty times in two hours requesting counsel
    for every question. Later Gallagher tells the press that Fr. Michaelman
    "replied to every question." But no one knows what is meant by the word
    "reply." Mr. Goodwin announces that Fr. Michaelman as well as Mrs. Chanel,
    who has already waited two weeks to testify will be "continued" until Feb.
    10. Nobody knows why, or whether this also means the Grand Jury is in
    recess. JANUARY 29, 1971 -- A panel of three judges in Federal Circuit Court
    sitting in Philadelphia releases Sister Joques on her recognizance and
    without bail. In New York Judge Constance Baker Motley, dealing with another
    case, rules that Use Immunity is not constitutional. She states that the
    right against self-incrimination must be upheld with a liberal construc tion
    "if we are to keep faith with the patriots who fougl.i for the inclusion of
    the Bill of Rights in the Constitution." In a thirty-four page decision,
    Judge Motley observes that Fifth Ammendment protection against self-
    incrimination has become "the touchstone of our adversarial system." She
    indicates that the immunity granted must be "co-extensive with the
    privilege." The divergences between the rulings of Judge Herman andJudge
    Motley are very great. If the Supreme Court eventually upholds the rulings
    of Judges Keith and Ferguson in their decisions that wiretapping without a
    court order is unconstitutional and also upholds Judge Motley's decision
    that Use Immunity offers inadequate protection, such action is bound to have
    a major impact on the development of the Harrisburg case Arraignment
    FEBRUARY 8, 1971 -- The Harrisburg Six are arraigned. Trial date set.
    FEBRUARY 10, 1971 -- Fr. Michaelman and Mrs. Chanel are scheduled for recall
    before the Grand Jury. Whether they will now be recalled remains uncertain.
    In the meantime, a story concerning a second Grand Jury, meeting in
    Wilmington, Delaware, has broken. It is suspected that this Jury is
    concerned with draft board cases. It is known that Sister Elizabeth has
    appeared before it. Several Harrisburg witnesses had also apparently been
    asked about draft boards. Defense counsel had argued before Judge Her man
    that such questions were outside the scope of the Harrisburg Jury. It
    appears that the two Grand Juries may be re-enforcing each other although
    such "fishing expeditions" are illegal. It remains to be seen whether or not
    the two Grand Juries have exceeded their charge.

Heading: Library Unveils
Content: 

Heading: Artistic Display
Content: By RICK SCHILLER Two new exhibits, one of paint ings and the other of
    reproductions of French tapestries of the 15th and 16th centuries, have
    recently been opened to the public in the library. Water colors, oils,
    sepias and pastels comprise the exhibit of paintings from the Southern Ver
    mont Artists. This traveling display of 28 paintings, all by professional
    artists, is being circulated on a national tour of museums, art cen ters and
    universities under the di rection of the Old Bergen Art Guild of Bayonne,
    N.J. Sponsored by the Classes of 1972 and 1973, the exhibit will continue
    through February 19 in the library gallery. Various unsuccessful at tempts
    have been made over the last two years to acquire a display of professional
    paintings, and both Jack Hart and Russ Pais, presi dents of the sponsoring
    classes, have expressed pleasure at this exhibit. The tapestries, largest of
    whic h is eight feet wide and six feet leng, are painted reproductions and
    are considered "infinitely superior" to any of the printed reproductions.
    The tepestries will be on display until February 28 in the lobby and in the
    reference department of the library. Most of the works of art in both
    exhibits may also be pur chased as well.

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
Content: Legal Abortions Without Delay

Heading: P
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: m h h h h

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: Concert
Content: 

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Economics
Content: Professor Will Lyons of the Franklin and Marshall department of Economics will
    talk about eco nomics and the social revolution on Thursday at 8 p.m. in
    102-A Coleman. ODK is sponsoring the lecture.

Heading: Survey
Content: THE BUCKNELLIAN would appreciate your help in conduct ing an accurate study of
    cam pus drug use. Please complete and return the questionable which you may
    receive this week in your mailbox.

Heading: Trial
Content: Anyone interested in helping Charles Pollack in a presentation of the " Trail of
    the Cantonsville Nine"  by Dan Berrigan should meet in 201 Vaughan Lit at
    7:00 p.m. Wednesday.

Heading: Physics
Content: There has been a change in this week's physics colloquium. Dr. Ber nard Cohen of
    the University of Pittsburg will speak about " The Structure of the Atomic
    Nucleus" at 4:45 p.m. Wednesday in Olin Science auditorium.

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Tuesday, February 9 7:30 p.m. Bucknell-Russian Series Film 'Fathers and Sons"
    Vaughan Lit. Aud. 9:00 p.m. Yoga Class sponsored by Indigo Hunt Living Room
    W8*0<nfni.' Scholars Club: " Queries and Theories" University Lounge (tm)Uo
    f p m F'A*AU JP/open Forum: '"Hie University and The Alleged

Heading: P
Content: Kissinger Conspiracy" Olin Science And Catholic Mass Mferck Lecture: Dr. Raymond
    A. Firestone: /T h e Diradacal Mechanism for 1, 3-Dipolar Cycloadditions"
    Olin Science Aud. Classes of 1972 and 1973 Film: " The Boston Strangler
    Vaughan Lit. Aud. " ICHTHUS"  (Experimental Religious Community) Rooke
    Chapel Friday, February 12 3:00 p.m. Women's Basketball vs. Susquehanna 6*
    XS 8-00 p.m. Freshman & Varsity Basketball vs. Lehigh Davis Gym 6:30 p.m.
    Jewish Service Meditation Chapel 8:00 p.m. Hilltop: " Red Desert" Vaughan
    Lit. Aud. 4:45 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 9:00 p.m. Tustin Gym

Heading: Ushers
Content: Anyone interested in being an usher at the Chicago Concert on February 19,
    please contact Keith Coughey at 1993 or write Box W-084.

Heading: WVBU News
Content: The WVBU news staff has a num ber of openings in both on-the-air and writing
    positions. If you are in terested in working with the News, please contact
    WVBU News Di rector, Keith Coughey at 1326 or 1993.

Heading: Tickets
Content: Season tickets for this semesters concerts will be on sale at the book store
    from Feb. 10 to March 5. 'Hie cost is $10 and only a limited amount are
    available.

Heading: Traveler
Content: An informal tea and coffee ses sion, open to all, will be held on campus Friday,
    4 p.m., New Dorm Pit. Sponsoring the tea, and talk ing about travel, 1971,
    Europe, Orient, and around the world, will be 24-year old Mike Jago,
    currently visiting schools throughout the coun try as a roving ambassador
    from Britain.

Heading: Volunteers
Content: Are you committed to helping someone else? The Selinsgrove Hospital and School
    for the mental ly retarded is drastically in need of volunteers to work in
    then- school, psychology department, job training section, and individually
    with patients. Free transportation provided! CALL ANDREW KRAFT 3144 or WRITE
    BOX B-373.

Heading: Chorale 'Stars' in Artist Series,
Content: 

Heading: Sdiednles Atlantic City Concert
Content: By MARYANN BRANDT The Bucknell University Chorale, under the direction of Allen
    W. Flock, will be making two major appearances during the next three weeks.
    One appearance will be with the Symphonic Wind Ensemble at the Eastern
    Divisional Conference of the Music Educators' National Con ference in
    Atlantic City on Feb ruary 27, and the other will be with the Pennsylvania
    Ballet in their performance of Carmina Buraua as part of the University
    Artist Series on March 1. The Chorale is one of several musical groups which
    have been invited to per form in Atlantic City. The Chorale and the Wind En
    semble will be giving three other concerts this month, a benefit con cert
    for Evangelical Hospital on Sunday, a concert at Hazelton High School on
    February 17, and an ap pearance at the Church of Holy Apostles and Mediator
    in Phila delphia on February 26. The concert in Philadelphia is being
    sponsored by a University alumnus, Dr. Charles Hertz. In its appearances
    with the Wind Ensemble, the Chorale will be per forming Te Deum, by William
    Lat ham, and Celebrations, by Vincent Persichetti. Mr. Latham will be
    present at the conference in Atlan tic City to introduce his composi tion.
    Mr. Persichetti, who is an outstanding American composer, was awarded an
    honorary Doctor ate of Music by the University last year. In his
    contemporary piece, Celebrations, he has set Walt Whit man's poetry to music
    to produce a celebration of man. Carmina Bur ana is described by its
    composer, Carl Orff, as, " Sec ular songs for solo singers and chorus with
    instruments and magi cal pictures,"  the last being a re ference to the
    scenery and danced miming called for in stage pro ductions, such as the
    production that will be seen here. The University community is in vited to
    both on-campus perform ances, the hospital benefit which will be in Davis
    Gymnasium at 7:00 p.m. on Sunday, and the ballet. University students will
    be admitted free of charge to both upon pre sentation of an I.D. card.

Heading: Sabbaticals
Content: (Continued from Page 1) structdon in the hope of finding the best methods for
    beaching chemis try to the liberal arts student. Miss Magalhaes will use her
    leave to prepare for publication a laboratory manual for use in a course in
    developmental biology; Miss Tuhy plans to research the works of the early
    19th century Czech composer, Jan Hugo Vorisek, and to further learn the
    harpsi chord, an instrument which the Uni versity acquired last year; and

Heading: You won't have to settle for less at Prudential .
Content: 

Heading: We've been involved with improving the quality of life for years
Content: 

Heading: --long before being involved became fashionable.
Content: 

Heading: If this sounds like your kind of company, you ought
Content: 

Heading: to find out more about Prudential.
Content: 

Heading: We offer career opportunities in marketing management,
Content: 

Heading: investments, applied computer technology, sales, accounting,
Content: 

Heading: actuarial, and others.
Content: 

Heading: And we offer responsibility and challenge
Content: 

Heading: in a company that's committed to social involvement.
Content: 

Heading: A Prudential representative will be
Content: 

Heading: visiting your campus soon.
Content: 

Heading: Check with your Placement Office
Content: 

Heading: for the exact date, and make
Content: 

Heading: arrangements to talk to him.
Content: 

Heading: Pmdential
Content: >> i pare for publication another volume of poems.

Heading: A B O R T IO N
Content: 

Heading: C O U N S E L IN G ,
Content: # -

Heading: IN FO R M A T IO N
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: A N D  R EFER R A L
Content: 

Heading: SERV ICES
Content: Abortions up to 24 weeks of pregnancy are now legal in New York State. There are
    no resi- dency restrictions at cooperating ' hospitals. Only the consent of

Heading: I
Content: the patient and the performing physician is required.

Heading: I
Content: If you think you are pregnant, consult your doctor. Don't de- lay. If you choose
    to have an abortion, early abortions are simpler and safer. Abortions should
    be per- formed by Board certified obste- tricians and gynecologists, with
    Board certified anesthesiologists attending, in fully licensed and
    accredited general hospitals. You 1 should not have to pay exorbi-

Heading: I
Content: tant charges for any of these services. If you need information or

Heading: J
Content: ! professional assistance, including

Heading: I
Content: immediate registration into avail- ; I able hospitals, telephone The 1 Abortion
    Information Agency, 1 (212-873-6650), which has helped counsel and place
    more

Heading: IT
Content: than 22,000 women for safe, legal hospital abortions. The total costs at good
    facil- ities range as follows (in-patient hospital service, except as noted)
    : For D  & C -. Pregnancy up to 9 weeks, $285-$310 (out-patient hospital se
    rv ice ); up to 12 weeks, $385-$410; up to 14 weeks, $560. For Saline Induc
    tions: 16-24 weeks, $560-$585.

Heading: THE ABORTION INFORMATION
Content: 

Heading: AGENCY, INC.
Content: 160 West 86th St., N.Y., N.Y. 10024

Heading: 212
Content: -

Heading: 873-6650
Content: 8 AM to 10 PM Seven Days a Week

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: FEB. 9, 1971 (Continued from Page 1) combining unusual instrumental combinations
    (jazz flute, electric violin, and guitar) with very finely worked out
    vocals. The group's versatility ranges from fast country rock tunes to a
    slow, melodic Procol Harum type of song, " Creepin' Midnight."  One of
    SeaTrain's most popular num bers is " The Tale of Job,"  in which the vocal
    talents of members Peter Rowan and Lloyd Baskin are dis played. SeaTrain has
    cut two albums on the Capitol label, both produced by George Martin,
    formerly of the Beatles. The second album was re leased in early January. On
    Wednesday, April 14, the Grateful Dead is scheduled to ap pear in Davis Gym.
    The six-man acid rock group is nationally known and has released several
    albums on Warner Brothers. A performance of " Your Own Hung"  will be
    presented on Satur day, April 24. This m odem  rock- musical, based on
    Shakespear's " Twelfth Night,"  has been one of the most successful off-
    Broadway musicals in years. " Your Own Thing"  has won the New York Drama
    Critics' Circle Award as the best musical of the 1967 season, and
    recognition as one of the Ten Best Plays of 1968 in the book of that name
    edited by Otis Guernsey. Elaine Petricoff and Jon Stevens star as look-alike
    brother-and-sister twins who set off much of the fun. Tom Rush, plus another
    act, will conclude the schedule with an ap pearance here on Thursday, May 6
    (Houseparty Weekend). His music ranges from folk to rock to country to
    unusual blends o f all three. Rush interlaces what he refers to as " oldies
    but stupid" such as " Cool Clear Water"  by the Cons of the Pioneers with
    more serious songs, including Jackson Browne's "Colors of the Sun"  and
    James Taylor's " Sweet Baby James." Rush is known for performing all of his
    songs with a fine feeling for the nuances of style each requires.

Heading: Harrisburg Implications
Content: (Continued from Page 2) behind bars on the basis of "fabricated plots,"  their
    political effectiveness would be impared. Another effect of political trials
    is to focus public awareness on purely local and national dramas of great
    intensity and interest, using them Ikie a Roman Circus to distract the
    populace from our foreign adventures. By prosecuting intentions of violence,
    the Government can hope to divert the public from its prosecution of the war
    in Indo-China, that is away from the most actual, the most ghastly of
    violence. The Government by attacking violence against property can seek to
    avoid investigation and exposure of its own violence against persons,
    against whole peoples. A particular problem for Bucknell concerns the staidy
    release program set up between the University and the Bureau of Prisons, a
    program de signed to help people move easily and effectively from the>
    P/(r)>>" civilian life. If Boyd Douglas was released to study here so that
    he could spy on campus dissenters, on visitors to the town and prison, or
    sothat he could be a provocateur, then the Government has abused that
    program and has betrayed the proper relationship between the Government ana
    a center of learning, of free inquiry. , ... , , . But it will be difficult
    for us to act as though nothing has happened. When judges and courts seem to
    serve government repression at the ex pense of justice, when such dubious
    practices are Use Immunity, wire tapping and paid informers become common
    practice against dissenting citizens, then it becomes almost impossible to
    retain effective pubhc assembly and freedom of speech, effective freedom of
    association. Ulti mately an atmosphere of distrust between the Government
    and the citi zen generates suspicion and hatred between citizen and citizen,
    between person and person which will spread like smog over our daily lives.

Heading: Faculty Meeting
Content: (Continued from Page 1) Harrisburg Six Trial. However, the topic could not be
    discussed last night because of a procedural prob lem with a time
    requirement for submitted motions. Professor Gene Chenoweth sug-
    iiiiiiiiiiimiiiiimNiimiiimuiimniiHnni gested that because of the pro fundity
    of the problem and the seriousness of it, that a special faculty meeting be
    called at the earliest time, so that the topic could be given the serious
    attention that it deserves.

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: . HOW OFFERS -  "FOOD FOR THOUGHT"
Content: 

Heading: ]
Content: 

Heading: Seven (7) Varitles ol Pizza
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: Eight (8) Choices oi Hoagies
Content: 

Heading: Three (3) Types of Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: Four (4) Kinds of Soft Drinks
Content: 

Heading: . CALL GARY'S AT 523-9257 TO ORDER ~
Content: 

Heading: All orders delivered C.O .D .-- To Your Door--
Content: 

Heading: No Tax - No Take-out
Content: 

Heading: Deliveries Sun. thu Thurs. 10:30 p.m. - Midnight
Content: Elilltllllllllllllllllllllll

Heading: CLASS OF 1971
Content: 

Heading: Film Series
Content: 

Heading: "CONFRONTATION
Content: 

Heading: AT KENT STATE"
Content: 

Heading: A Documentary
Content: 

Heading: Saturday, February 13, 1971
Content: 

Heading: 8:00 P. M.
Content: 

Heading: Vaughn Lit. Auditorium
Content: 

Heading: F R E E
Content: 

Heading: "Devastating
Content: 

Heading: and outrageously
Content: 

Heading: funny. Pay a visit
Content: 

Heading: to Groove Tube and
Content: 

Heading: find out how real
Content: 

Heading: experts criticise
Content: 

Heading: Television."
Content: 

Heading: Saturday Review
Content: 

Heading: HE PAVL, WINTE
Content: 

Heading: CONSORT/ ROAD
Content: 

Heading: Paul Winter is my Consort; I shall not want.
Content: 

Heading: He maketh me to listen to fine music;
Content: 

Heading: He leadeth me among great arrangements.
Content: 

Heading: He restoreth my eardrums;
Content: 

Heading: He guideth me into Requiems for my stereo's sake.
Content: 

Heading: Yea, though it soundeth like Muzak as it wandereth
Content: 

Heading: through the valley of criticism,
Content: 

Heading: It shall not be so compared, It can be no evil,
Content: 

Heading: For Art, thou be with it;
Content: 

Heading: The Consort's classical guitar and sax, they comfort me.
Content: 

Heading: They preparest music before me in the presence of
Content: 

Heading: Grand Funk, mine enemies;
Content: 

Heading: They annointeth my head with Bach Fugues; my delight
Content: 

Heading: runneth over
Content: 

Heading: Surely I shall wander this ROAD all the days of my life;
Content: 

Heading: And the Lp shall dwell in my record library forever.
Content: Bob Chorush Coast Magazine l For free 4-color poster, clip this coupon out and
    mail to: Paul Winter c/o A&M Records 1416 N. La Brea Ave. Los Angeles,
    Calif. 90028 *tfh

Heading: NAME
Content: -------

Heading: ADDRESS.
Content: 

Heading: CITY.
Content: 

Heading: STATE.
Content: 

Heading: . ZIP-
Content: A llow  6 w eeks for delivery. iS p r a s  tra s tnsszEgs JgSSOTgSEEiffiSSpSE

Heading: A13LM Records
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 13, 8:30 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: Tickets $2.00 with Bucknell Student I. D. Card
Content: 

Heading: Tickets at Bucknell Bookstore and Campus Center
Content: 

Heading: SUSQUEHANNA UNI VERSITY CHAPEL AUDITORIUM
Content: 

Heading: Y
Content: 

Heading: $3.00 General Admission
Content: 

Heading: For Information Call 374-1251
Content: An pnnal nnnnrt>>u ###i

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: They Want To Win
Content: 

Heading: Grapplers Split Close Decisions;
Content: 

Heading: Schumacher Notes Team Effort
Content: 

Heading: Hmpsteni Fail hi Halt Skid;
Content: 

Heading: llaht Bisons Cuitine Winning
Content: By KEN DOAK Two similar contests with differ ent endings saw the Bison matmen
    pull out an exciting 17-14 win over Rider and then drop a heartbreak ing
    18-16 decision to Delaware the past two Saturdays. These two contests capped
    a very interesting month of wrestling for Richard Schumacher's squad, and
    left their record at 5-5. The BU grapplers ended January with a bang as they
    came from be hind to nip Rider. Down 11-2 after the first four bouts, the
    Herd displayed its tre mendous strength in the middle weight classes to knot
    the score at 14-14 going into the heavyweight finale. Mark Currie, a 185
    pound fresh man, then won it all for the Bisons as he registered a clutch
    takedown over his heavier opponent, in the final 10 seconds, to make the
    final score 17-14. The loss to Delaware Saturday also saw the Herd fall
    behind early and then come back, but this time the last two bouts, and the
    win, went to the visitors. Delaware jumped out to a 6-0 lead in the match,
    as Frank Wright decisioned Tom Wason 6-2 in 118, and Ed Soccorso, Delaware's
    top grappler, outclassed Jim North- ridge 8-0. A hard-fought 3-2 decision by
    BU's Mark Ramage, closed the gap to 6-3. Don Danser then battled the visi
    tors' Brad Lane to a 2-2 tie. Both gave up a point for stalling in the final
    minute.

Heading: Mermen Win Seventh
Content: By MARK KNODERER The swimming team chalked up victory number seven with a dra
    matic 63-50 win over Syracuse Saturday afternoon. It was the seventh year in
    a row that the meet has been decided in the last event, and this year's
    struggle was as thrilling as any of the others. To clinch the victory the
    Bisons called upon veteran Peter O'Ke effe, and he responded with a
    championship performance. O'Ke effe left the blocks a bare one tenth of a
    second ahead of Syracuse's John Lawson. The two went into the third turn
    dead even, but O'Ke effe turned on his patented sprint in the last lap to
    win by seven tenths of a second, and the nata- torium echoed with the roar
    of the capacity crowd. The Bisons grabbed the lead by winning the medley
    relay and nursed a narrow lead throughout most of the meet. Syracuse ace
    Brian Krause won the 1000, but Mike Huffman and Gary Norton followed closely
    for second and third. O'Keeffe easily won the 200 free. The teams alternated
    points until the Orange swept the fly and moved into a 31-30 lead. Syracuse
    frosh John Lawson tried to psyche out O'Keeffe in the 100 free, as he moved
    into the lead after 50 yards, only to fade and have O'Keeffe swim past him
    to win in 48.9, his best time of the year. The Bisons then regained the lead
    as Paul Landes and Duke Otto swept the 200 backstroke. Syracuse immediately
    tied the score, how ever, when Krause and John Holo- han swept the 500 free.
    Bob Rasmussen and Matt Slick then swept the breastroke in one of the most
    dramatic finishes the pool has ever seen against Syra cuse's John Hanafin.
    That gave the Bisons 52 points. Unfortunately, the best that Ron Farr and
    Bob Richards could do in diving was second and third place, which was not
    quite enough to clinch the meet. Tom Rivoire and A1 Loesch scor ed easy
    decisions at 150 and 158 by scores of 5-0 and 8-4. Rivoire controlled his
    opponent for most of the match, while Loes- ch's contest was a wide-open af
    fair. He particularly impressed the crowd with his quickness from the down
    position. In 167, Jim Schutz was held to a 1-1 draw in a match that BU had
    hoped to win. George Ballentine rode his man for practically the entire
    match in 177, but had to settle for a 7-0 win, giving Bucknell a 16-10 lead.
    In the 190 pound class, a key pin by Pat Mulhern of the Hens over Jack Sauer
    at 4:02 closed the gap to 1. Dan Morgan then scored a 5-1 triumph over
    Currie to give Dela ware the win. The Bisons split four other match es
    during January. They began by dropping a 21-9 decision to Elizabethtown, as
    five men were weakened by the flu, but rebounded with a 20-11 win at
    Moravian. The Herd then faced unbeaten Susquehanna who jumped out to a 14-5
    lead. However BU swept through the final four matches, sparked by a pin by
    Jim Schutz and a clinching decision by Currie, to win it 19-14. A tough
    18-17 loss to Gettysburg followed, but Schumacher nonethe less termed it "an
    excellent effort on the part of the team." The top Bison records at this
    point belong to Loesch (9-1), Ri voire (8-2), Schutz (6-3-1), and Bal
    lentine (6-3). Don Danser has also been wrestl ing well and was called "our
    most consistent wrestler for the year" by the coach. "Schu" also pointed out
    the tre mendous improvement shown by Schutz and Ballentine, along with
    Northridge, as the season has pro gressed. By JIM NORTHRIDGE The varsity
    cagers took it on the chin again last Saturday night as they dropped a 63-52
    decision to the NYU Violets. The Big Blue had top efforts from Chris Riley
    and Jim Donovan with 19 and 12 points re spectively but it was an uphill
    fight all the way. It was a game marked with fouls as Paul Biko and Chris
    Riley fouled out and Larry Greenwood, Harvey Carter, and Jack Darnell all
    pick ed up four apiece. The Bisons were down 36-23 at the half but they
    reeled off 9 straight points to take a short lived 32-30 lead. Tonight the
    cagers will try to halt their losing streak as they face the Gettysburg
    Bullets. The Bisons beat the Bullets earlier this season 73- 67 so come out
    and support your team. The Baby Bisons pulled out a close 51-50 decision
    against the NYU frosh to raise their season's record to 8-4. Hal Thomas won
    the game when, with less than 30 sec onds left, he hit both ends of a one on
    one situation from the foul line to put the Bisons over by one. Big Paul
    Kerr had scoring honors for the night with 18 while team mate Algin Garrett
    chipped in with ten. George Tillery controlled the boards for the Blue and
    Orange with 10 rebounds. Three of the freshmen losses have been by 4 points
    or less but the cagers are currently riding a 4 game winning streak. In the
    past week the Baby Bisons have beaten Lafayette 61-52, with all five start
    ers hitting double figures. Paul Kerr is currently leading the team
    averaging 19 points a game while George Tillery leads the rebounding
    department. Jim Donovan has added much of fensive spark and greater board
    strength since breaking into the lineup. (Photo by Bob ArnoW.V

Heading: BBS
Content: 

Heading: MSI
Content: _____ ___ CLIP >>HO SAVE.

Heading: LOW COST, SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION i
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: SCHEDULED IMMEDIATELY
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: (

Heading: 212
Content: )

Heading: 490-3600
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: PROFESSIONAL SCHE0ULIN6 SERVICE, Inc. | 545 Fifth Ave., New York City 10017 j
    There is a tee for our service^ _____ j

Heading: i?G o and see
Content: 

Heading: h
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: -C liv e  Barnes
Content: "ZANY AND HILARIOUS--

Heading: FULFILLS ALL OUR MEANEST
Content: FANTASIES ABOUT THE TUBE!" -John Grucn "THE RAUNCHIER THE APPROACH,THE MORE
    DEMOLISH ING THE SATIRE-0UTRAGE0USLY FUNNY!" --Marilyn Stasie, Cue Mag.

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ad$:-
Content: 

Heading: PSAMPUS
Content: 

Heading: ___
Content: 

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: -----

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN
Content: 

Heading: BOARD
Content: WANTED--Trail Boy or Girl To Conduct Horseback Riding--Call 523-0413.

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
Content: STUDENT TRAVEL, Trips Char ters Europe, Orient, Around the World. Write S. T. O.
    P. 2150C Shattuck, Berkeley CA 94704--OR See Travel Agent. TRAVEL--EARN
    MONEY as cam pus rep for Garber Travel, 1406 Beacon Street, Brookline,
    Mass.; interested students write or call (617) 734-2100 collect for David
    Trook FOR SALE: 1957 Ford Country Squire, Automatic Transmission, Power
    Steering, Thunderbird En gine, in good shape. Best offer, Call after 5:
    524-2397.

Heading: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday
Content: 

Heading: February 10-11-12-13-14-15-16
Content: LOST--A Navy Blue Pea Jacket with red lining at Phi Gam Sat. night. A purse and
    ID were in the sleeve of the coat and a pair of brown leather gloves were in
    the pocket. Owner now has a Pea Jacket with blue lining. Please call Jeannie
    at 1016. ___________

Heading: THE BUCKNELLLAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: FEB. 9, 1971

Heading: " Catch 22'
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: Is, quite simply, the best American
Content: 

Heading: film I've seen this year!''--
Content: 

Heading: VINCENT CANBY, N. Y. TIMES
Content: FEATURE TIMES; 7:00 and 9:10

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: jf you fvant & Job that involves impor-
Content: 

Heading: tant
Content: 

Heading: responsibility now-- not ten years
Content: 

Heading: front now----the Pennsylvania Department
Content: 

Heading: of Transportation could be the place for
Content: 

Heading: you. We encourage Initiative, welcome
Content: 

Heading: new ideas, and give you every opportunity
Content: 

Heading: to
Content: 

Heading: get ahead. It's
Content: 

Heading: the
Content: 

Heading: challenges and the
Content: 

Heading: important responsibilities
Content: 

Heading: that
Content: 

Heading: make a job
Content: 

Heading: exciting. If you want to take the first step
Content: 

Heading: toward
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: fulfilling career, look into a fu
Content: 

Heading: ture virith
Content: 

Heading: the Pennsylvania Department of
Content: 

Heading: Transportation. See our recruiter when he
Content: 

Heading: visits yourcampMS.
Content: 

Heading: Jf you want to make it* this is the place.
Content: 

Heading: Date:
Content: 

Heading: Interview
Content: 

Heading: FEBRUARY 12,1971
Content: 

Heading: PemsuMa
Content: 

Heading: !M N T r a B p ttM
Content: 

Heading: Bureau of Personnel/Harrisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: 17120
Content: 

Heading: AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: # i l

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXm -- NO. 28
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1971
Content: 

Heading: 'Che Bockncllian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Draft Cards Returned
Content: 

Heading: President Expresses Concern
Content: 

Heading: _--
Content: 

Heading: About Douglas' Informer Role
Content: 

Heading: Students Protest
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: Demonstrate Against War
Content: By JACK SCHMIDT President Charles Watts expres sed concern over the "apparent
    misuse" of the federal prison sys tem's . rehabilitation process in an
    interview with the Bucknellian Thursday morning. The study-release
    rehabilitation program is designed to allow uni versity study while an
    inmate is serving his sentence at a prison. Under this plan, Boyd Douglas,
    who alledgedly provided information to federal officials regarding the ac
    tivities of peace activists, partic ularly involved with the Harrisburg Six
    trial, attended the University during 1970. When asked what his particular
    knowledge of Douglas' actions had been, Watts replied, "We knew we had a
    rehabilitation system going, and we knew how many people were here under it,
    but that was all." Watts said that he had learned about Douglas' activities
    through the national media. Watts did not hint at any im mediate action to
    be taken on his part to talk with federal officials about the matter. "I
    must be sure of the facts, and I would like to see what action the faculty
    takes on the matter." Watts said. He was referring to a special meeting of
    the faculty which has been called for Monday, February 15 at 4:45 p.m. in
    Vaughan Litera ture Auditorium. The meeting will discuss a motion presented
    by Profs. Charles Longley and Jerry Rinkus affirming the right of the
    University to remain free from government interference. In related
    activities, Prof. Gene Chenoweth announced at Thurs day's AAUP open forum
    that he would present an amendment to the motion calling for the President
    to organize an investigative com mittee to look into the matter. Watts was
    uncertain about what action to take on the recently pass ed ABS motion
    calling for the elimination of parietal hours. ' Id like to know what the
    administra tors think." he said, but acknow ledged that vast changes must be
    carried out in the University's resi dential hall policies and programs. He
    spoke in term of developing a "sense of place" among living unit complexes,
    such as seen on the campuses of Harvard and Yale. When asked if the position
    of the ABS is incompatible with the guide lines he is working under from the
    Board of Trustees, Watts replied that he is obliged to "live with the
    requests of the Trustees" but would seek to find common elements in the
    positions of both sides. Watts expects to continue in his role as chief
    money raiser for the University and is seeking to find "the few large gifts
    the University needs to sustain itself." By JACK SCHMIDT In a demonstration
    against "the mounting inhumanity of our govern ment" and expressing "outrage
    at the American-directed invasion of Laos," one-hundred twenty persons,
    mostly from the University, joined in a march through the streets of
    Lewisburg on Wednesday afternoon. The day was marked by the actions of seven
    students who re turned their draft cards to the local draft board office on
    Fifth Street. The students were Barry Brown, Bill Gardiner, Ed McGill, Bob
    Miller, Russ Pais, Mark Pow ers, and Allen Wheatcroft. The march began at
    the library at noon, and the group proceeded down Seventh Street to the ROTC
    the sidewalk, and the group com plied with the request. There were no
    incidents. The group "occupied" the steps of the court house, collectively
    read a statement of protest, sang songs, broke bread together, and distri
    buted literature to passers-by. Lewisburg residents seemed to take only
    partial notice of the marchers, but accepted the position papers they were
    presented with. Perhaps the most attention paid the group by the local news
    re porters and photographers. WUDO covered the march with frequent
    "bulletins" in tempting their regu lar programs. The marchers then returned
    to the draft office, and Pais and others presented their cards. Pais
    expressed his sentiments after dis posing of his card: "Its done. I feel
    relieved." The marchers took part in the (Continued on Page 4) Demonstrators
    mass in front of

Heading: Gebauer Replaces Meyer
Content: 

Heading: Concert Committee Discloses Problems
Content: By GINA SMITH Sophomore Kurt Gebauer will re place Andy Meyer as head of next
    year's concert committee. Meyer, who has been largely responsible t o  the
    concert series in the past four years, notes the difficulties in scheduling
    an act: "The Chicago concert is a prime example. I engaged Chicago a year in
    advance. By Feb. 1 this year, all tickets for the concert were sold out."
    Realizing the dissatisfaction among the students who had plan ned to buy
    tickets, Meyer spent the following week negotiating with Chicago. Their
    agreement to do a second show marks the first con cert with two performances
    here. The financial necessity of keep ing accurate records of ticket sales
    forced the committee to declare that season tickets be honored at the first
    performance. Meyer re grets that season ticketholders must pay the $1.65
    difference to see the second show. He explains, "Allowing season
    ticketholders a choice of perfor mance might have created a situa tion in
    which nearly everyone at tended one concert. This would have over taxed our
    already-limit ed facilities of space and person nel." This system of ticket
    cost can be attributed to Chicago setting the price of all second show
    tickets at $5.50. If students were permitted to switch their 7:30 for 10:00
    p.m. tickets, the concert committee would have experienced as much as a
    $10,000 loss. "I feel badly that so many people are dissatisfied with this
    arrange ment. I felt that by arranging for the second show, a greater number
    of students would at least see Chi cago," he states. Meyer defends the
    concert sys tem here by noting the low ticket prices, good concerts, lack of
    can cellations, and few late starts in the past. "The Chicago concert has
    been our only real hassle, he asserts. Working primarily with Gebauer and
    junior Steve Selinger, Meyer tries to consider student opinions in his
    efforts to book groups. How ever, the committee often is limit ed in what it
    can hire. "Many 'supergroups' have be come rich and lazy: they refuse to
    give concerts. Other groups find it much easier and more profitable to do,
    say, a Shea Stadium for $50,000 a night than tour a number of small
    colleges. Few groups like it on the road, and for this reason, the college
    concert is becoming passe," he claims. For this reason, the concert com
    mittee has been seeking entertain ment somewhat different from the standard
    musical act. Engagement of "Groove Tube" and "Your Own Thing" represent a
    departure from this tradition. Gebauer explains that three main criteria,
    other than cost and avail ability, are considered in selection of acts.
    First, the group must be good in concert. At least one mem ber of the
    concert committee must see an act perform before hiring it. Second, there
    must be an interest in the act here. Finally, the com mittee looks for an
    educational act; it desires performers who present novel, diverse
    entertainment. The concert committee works through the National
    Entertainment Conference, an organization of col lege committees. Periodic
    conven tions of this group are held at which available groups are rated on
    per formance and cooperation. It is possible to book groups at these
    conventions but Gebauer notes that barganing with agencies (Continued on
    Page 4) Federal Courthouse Building. (photo by Doug Abdelnour) headquarters
    where the protesters sang a few verses of the old civil rights song, "We
    Shall Overcome. ' The group then moved to the draft board office where other
    songs were sung. Pais attempted to turn in his draft card at this time, and
    spoke of his cards as "symbols I no longer want to be a part of." The board
    was closed for lunch, and, after some discussion, the group decided to march
    up Market Street to the Federal Court House. Local police, whose presence
    was evident throughout the march, re quested that the marchers stay on

Heading: #Tj
Content: 

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: m m

Heading: M I
Content: The sentiments of many were ex pressed on this placard displayed by Tom Jones,
    '74. (photo by Doug Abdelnour)

Heading: Pennsylvania's Fiscal Situation
Content: 

Heading: Threatens Student Scholarships
Content: 

Heading: Underground Movie Series
Content: 

Heading: Scheduled by Senior Class
Content: By CATHLEEN EVANS "Confrontation at Kent State," to be shown for no admission
    this Sat urday at 8:00 p.m., will be the first of seven "underground" movies
    of fered by the Class of 1971. It is a documentary made by students and
    professors as a "public service," containing interviews with local Kent
    citizens who approved of the Guard's actions, a still photo dis play of the
    events of May 4, 1970, and interviews with student, faculty and Guard
    participants. "Brand X" (March 4), reviewed in the New York Times as "a
    tacky, vulgar, dirty, somewhat dull, often hilarious movie" which shows the
    absurdity of today's media, "pretends to be a series of tele vision
    commercials, panel shows, dramas and news broadcasts." It stars Taylor Mead,
    who "by simple breathing, is an affront to all vested interests," with spot
    appearances by Sally Kirkland, Frank Cavestani, Abbie Hoffman and Sam
    Shepard. "It's the application of Fellini to content." "Contemporary
    community stand ards" will be put to the test with the showing of "Coming
    Apart' (March 10), a film which is "very blunty singularly preoccupied with
    naked bodies and uses to which those bodies can be put by libidin ous human
    beings." Probably a take-off from "David Holman's Diary," the movie stars
    Rip Torn as a psychiatrist "coming apart" from reality and Sally Kirkland as
    his mistress. A critic for life com ments, "While it may or not have been
    made in the spirit of art, it has the effect of art--and very troubling art
    at that." Jean Luc-Godard's film "Sym pathy for the Devil" (1 plus 1 (April
    10) stars the Rolling Stones de veloping the music of "Beggars Banquet" to
    bizarre scenes and off-scene voices quoting Le Roi Jones, Stokley
    Carmichael, Eld- ridge Cleaver, Hitler, etc, as a comment on Black Power and
    the state-of-the-revolution. By ROBERT WENDEL Recently, in the "state of the
    state" message presented by Pen nsylvania's Gov.-elect Milton Shapp, mention
    was made of the possible elimination of state aid to students attending
    institutions of higher ed ucation, effective this semester. Although
    superficially of little consequence, since the legislature is the one who
    doles out the money, the statements have initiated a great deal of
    speculation on the part of students and universities alike. The problem is
    compounded by the fact that last year the state was four months delinquent
    in pay ing the recipient institutions, and the present outright admission of
    financial hardship has caused some out of state schools to simply de mand
    that those Pennsylvania stu dents affected pay out of their own pocket or
    risk being dropped from the school's registration lists. Even within the
    state the lack of funds is causing some difficulty. Penn State is especially
    hard hit, and before the funds actually be come available, it is very
    possible that a loss approaching one million dollars could be realized by
    State. This loss will come in the form of interest due on the money that
    will necessarily have to be borrowed in order to keep the schools open. As
    regards this University, Dean John C. Hayward emphasized that as far as the
    Bursar's office is concerned, all students have been credited with their
    PHEAA money, under the assumption that the state will come through with the
    funds. However, there are some obvious problems lurking around the comer
    (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: ABS Backs Motion,
Content: 

Heading: Urges \o Parietals
Content: By PAMELA MAY In its Wednesday meeting the As sociation of Bucknell Students pas
    sed a motion by Bob Nachshin con cerning visitation hours in the resi dence
    halls. It reads: "Until such time as the coed liv ing situation is evaluated
    by the Dean of Student Affairs' Office: "The ABS requests that Presi dent
    Watts immediately eliminate the University's Parietal Hour re strictions and
    that, during the period preceding the completion of the Dean's evaluation,
    each Living Unit be empowered to determine its own visitation policy." In
    his rationale, Nachshin stated he found the present situation "un
    believable" when "other schools comparable to us--intellectually,
    academically -- have managed to have twenty-four hour open dorms and it's
    worked very, very well." (Continued on Page 4) <<#########I-- #########>> >>
    >> >> o -

Heading: U U
Content: *MOMMOMMMMM MMaMMOMMHI

Heading: Apartheid and Polaroid
Content: 

Heading: It is generally recognized that the
Content: 

Heading: military is engaged in antisocial activi
Content: 

Heading: ties. However, it is most important to
Content: 

Heading: note that most large-scale, non-military,
Content: 

Heading: industry does as much to inhibit social
Content: 

Heading: progress. Only very recently has indus
Content: 

Heading: try developed an attitude of "environ
Content: 

Heading: mental protection." Of course, many
Content: 

Heading: corporations, while extolling the bene
Content: 

Heading: fits of controlling pollution, still con
Content: 

Heading: tinue to pollute and to fight the Environ
Content: 

Heading: mental Protection Agency. There are
Content: 

Heading: also other forms of antisocial behavior
Content: 

Heading: in which big business engages.
Content: 

Heading: Polaroid Corporation manufactures
Content: 

Heading: instant color identification systems. A
Content: 

Heading: present model, ID-2, takes two photo
Content: 

Heading: graphs: one of a person and one of an
Content: 

Heading: identification document, and in sixty
Content: 

Heading: seconds ejects a plastic ID card. This
Content: 

Heading: system is now being used in South
Content: 

Heading: Africa to produce fifteen million pass
Content: 

Heading: books. All blacks in the society must
Content: 

Heading: carry these identification papers at all
Content: 

Heading: times or be subject to arrest and prosecu
Content: 

Heading: tion.
Content: 

Heading: Although Polaroid has registered
Content: 

Heading: the demands of black workers who are
Content: 

Heading: urging the discontinuation of ID-2 sales
Content: 

Heading: to South Africa, Polaroid is still trying
Content: 

Heading: to maintain a liberal corporate image.
Content: 

Heading: On January 12 of this year full page
Content: 

Heading: ads were taken out at great expense in
Content: 

Heading: several major papers including: New
Content: 

Heading: York Times, Wall Street Journal, and
Content: 

Heading: Washington Post as well as in twenty
Content: 

Heading: black newspapers. The ad, entitled "An
Content: 

Heading: Experiment in South Africa," reported
Content: 

Heading: that the company was trying to help
Content: 

Heading: South African blacks. Since even the
Content: 

Heading: Polaroid Corporation must abide by the
Content: 

Heading: Apartheid policies, this claim is doubt
Content: 

Heading: ful. And, while Polaroid reports having
Content: 

Heading: stopped sales of ID-2 to South Africa,
Content: 

Heading: in actuality it sells the system to its
Content: 

Heading: distributor, Frank and Hirsch Company,
Content: 

Heading: which, in turn, sells ID-2 to South
Content: 

Heading: Africa.
Content: 

Heading: Science and technology are misused
Content: 

Heading: in many ways. The exploitation of poor
Content: 

Heading: nations and minority groups as well as
Content: 

Heading: the environment can be ended. However,
Content: 

Heading: strong public action is needed. One of
Content: 

Heading: the most powerful weapons the consumer
Content: 

Heading: has is his money. Unless firms are hit
Content: 

Heading: where it hurts, antisocial behavior will
Content: 

Heading: continue to proliferate in industry simply
Content: 

Heading: because it is profitable.
Content: 

Heading: The black workers of the Polaroid
Content: 

Heading: Corporation have called for a worldwide
Content: 

Heading: boycott of Polaroid products to force the
Content: 

Heading: company to discontinue its sales of ID-2
Content: 

Heading: to South Africa. We urge support of this
Content: 

Heading: boycott.
Content: 

Heading: Correction
Content: 

Heading: In Tuesday's issue (No. 27),
Content: 

Heading: Jeffrey Hirschberg's letter to
Content: 

Heading: the editor should have read
Content: 

Heading: "An Open Letter to Richard
Content: 

Heading: Drinnon.''
Content: 

Heading: The letter
Content: 

Heading: raises
Content: 

Heading: questions relating to the firing
Content: 

Heading: of Prof. Mortimer Cushman and
Content: 

Heading: addressed itself to Drinnon and
Content: 

Heading: not to the editor.
Content: 

Heading: Laos
Content: 

Heading: To The Editor:
Content: 

Heading: Last Tuesday night's Laotian con
Content: 

Heading: cern session was the most disil
Content: 

Heading: lusioning, disappointing and upset
Content: 

Heading: ting thing I have ever experienced
Content: 

Heading: in three years at BuckneU.
Content: 

Heading: It didn't take much listening to
Content: 

Heading: the trite, overused, outworn, "War
Content: 

Heading: is bad Killing is bad We must do
Content: 

Heading: something" phraseology
Content: for

Heading: one to
Content: 

Heading: realize that nothing would be ac
Content: 

Heading: complished. But, holding to what is
Content: 

Heading: fast becoming a BuckneU tradition,
Content: 

Heading: which says that a meeting is the
Content: 

Heading: answer to any problem, what could
Content: 

Heading: have been a lucrative exchange of
Content: 

Heading: ideas, opinions and facts, rapidly
Content: 

Heading: degenerated into a contest in which
Content: 

Heading: each participant tried to be the
Content: 

Heading: most concerned person of the even
Content: 

Heading: ing by coming up with the most
Content: 

Heading: glamorous solution to the world's
Content: 

Heading: problems.
Content: 

Heading: Of course, when one tries to
Content: 

Heading: glamorize, the simple (and often
Content: 

Heading: most sane) things tend to be pass
Content: 

Heading: ed over, which is exactly what
Content: 

Heading: happened to the two most impor
Content: 

Heading: tant points raised during the en
Content: 

Heading: tire two-hour struggle. The first of
Content: 

Heading: these was what had been agreed
Content: 

Heading: upon as the original premis of the
Content: 

Heading: meeting -- that is, that whatever
Content: 

Heading: concern is expressed over the sit
Content: 

Heading: uation must be an individual con
Content: 

Heading: cern and should be expressed as
Content: 

Heading: such. Well, right then the meeting
Content: 

Heading: should have broken up and every
Content: 

Heading: one gone home.
Content: 

Heading: Instead, the meeting progressed
Content: 

Heading: (and 1 use that word disparingly)
Content: 

Heading: GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: Jan Plan Faults
Content: 

Heading: -By CHARLES MUSSMAN-
Content: 

Heading: This year, as last year, a certain proportion of students spent Jan
Content: 

Heading: uary doing a project which was most probably interesting, satisfying,
Content: 

Heading: educational (whatever that means), and enjoyable. A greater proportion
Content: 

Heading: of students spent the time vacationing, working, or finishing up the
Content: 

Heading: courses they had left over from last semester. Those students who were
Content: 

Heading: "officially registered" for projects and completed them satisfactorily
Content: 

Heading: (so what can be unsatisfactory about a trip to Europe?) will have a
Content: 

Heading: permanent record of their achievements placed on their transcripts (to
Content: 

Heading: impress employers, graduate schools, and friends and neighbors).
Content: 

Heading: Those students who loafed, finished up work that should have been
Content: 

Heading: completed last semester, or had a heavy round of prospective graduate
Content: 

Heading: schools or summer employers to visit will have no such record of their
Content: 

Heading: actions during January on their transcripts. As most faculty and stu
Content: 

Heading: dents would agree, this is only fair. However, because of the bureau
Content: 

Heading: cratic nature of the way "official" Jan Plans are processed and recorded,
Content: 

Heading: some students do not get a fair chance to have their transcripts em
Content: 

Heading: bellished. Here are two hypothetical examples of what can and probably
Content: 

Heading: does happen.
Content: 

Heading: In November a student registeres for the project in photography. He
Content: 

Heading: decides to buy a fairly expensive Japanese camera--from a company
Content: 

Heading: in Japan. He orders the camera early in December, but when he arrives
Content: 

Heading: in January the camera is somewhere between Osaka and Lewisburg.
Content: 

Heading: After waiting a few days, this student decides that since he is here he
Content: 

Heading: might as well spend his time profitably while waiting for the camera,
Content: 

Heading: and so he decides to sit in on a computer programming course. At the
Content: 

Heading: end of January (when the camera arrives) this student knows BASIC
Content: 

Heading: (a computer language) but gets an "unsatisfactory" in his photography
Content: 

Heading: Jan Plan. He goes and explains'his predicament to the registar fully
Content: 

Heading: expecting everything to be OK. However, as most of you have already
Content: 

Heading: guessed, he cannot get the computer course recorded on his transcript,
Content: 

Heading: because he was not "officially registered" for that course.
Content: 

Heading: Meanwhile, another student is sitting at home "vacationing." What
Content: 

Heading: should arrive at his home but the Special Introductory Offer of the Book
Content: 

Heading: of the Month Club: a ten volume set of the Story of Civilization by Prof.
Content: 

Heading: Will Durant and his wife. So, having nothing special to do, this student
Content: 

Heading: starts reading Our Oriental Heritage (the first volume; 1000-plus pages)
Content: 

Heading: to see what it's like. In two weeks he's finished that and gone on to H ie
Content: 

Heading: Life of Greece, which he also finishes. The student returns to campus
Content: 

Heading: and during a conversation with his advisor happens to mention what he
Content: 

Heading: did over January. The professor is intrigued, and asks the student why
Content: 

Heading: he didn't make that his January Program.
Content: 

Heading: Of course, in neither of these cases could the student get any credit
Content: 

Heading: for his work during January. It seem s too bad that there can't be some
Content: 

Heading: sort of Jan Plan registration and evaluation "after the fact" for those
Content: 

Heading: in special circumstances who feel that their intercession was spent in
Content: 

Heading: a profitable endeavor.
Content: 

Heading: :THE SIDESHOW :
Content: 

Heading: Vacation at Home
Content: 

Heading: -By DAVID WEINBERGER;
Content: 

Heading: with person after person suggest
Content: 

Heading: ing organized plans which would
Content: 

Heading: express the concern of the entire
Content: 

Heading: University, while I'm sure the Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity, as a whole, is not con
Content: 

Heading: cerned. The winning idea, which
Content: 

Heading: was suhmitted with only half-serious
Content: 

Heading: intentions, but which was loudly
Content: 

Heading: accepted when people realized it
Content: 

Heading: was getting late and they'd better
Content: 

Heading: decide something in a hurry, was
Content: 

Heading: to have 300 people march on the
Content: 

Heading: Federal Building, armed with their
Content: 

Heading: prepared statement to the press,
Content: 

Heading: in the hopes of getting arrested.
Content: 

Heading: Of course, the best idea of the
Content: 

Heading: evening was completely overlooked
Content: 

Heading: and ignored (and this is the second
Content: 

Heading: point to which I referred). That
Content: 

Heading: idea, a very old one, was for all
Content: 

Heading: males to send back their draft
Content: 

Heading: cards -- an action which, to me,
Content: 

Heading: shows more courage and more con
Content: 

Heading: cern than being arrested with 299
Content: 

Heading: other people for loitering.
Content: 

Heading: But, lest we forget the tone of
Content: 

Heading: this meeting, we must realize that
Content: 

Heading: 300 people being arrested together
Content: 

Heading: is much more glamorous than 300
Content: 

Heading: individuals separately sending back
Content: 

Heading: their draft cards. Besides, if you
Content: 

Heading: put yourself in a group of 300
Content: 

Heading: people who are supposed to be
Content: 

Heading: concerned, you actually might start
Content: 

Heading: believing it about yourself, too.
Content: 

Heading: George Lane '72
Content: 

Heading: Dispensary
Content: 

Heading: To the Editor:
Content: 

Heading: This letter is in regard to a re
Content: 

Heading: cent emergency situation which
Content: 

Heading: was ignored by the BuckneU Dis
Content: 

Heading: pensary.
Content: 

Heading: At six o'clock Sunday morning,
Content: 

Heading: January 17, 1971, a call was made
Content: 

Heading: to the infirmary requesting the
Content: 

Heading: name of an oral surgeon in the
Content: 

Heading: area. This caU was made after the
Content: 

Heading: student's doctor at home had been
Content: 

Heading: notified and had stressed the need
Content: 

Heading: for immediate emergency treat
Content: 

Heading: ment. Treatment was needed for
Content: 

Heading: bleeding of the mouth foUowing
Content: 

Heading: oral surgery, and at the time the
Content: 

Heading: caU was placed, the student had
Content: 

Heading: been bleeding excessively for four
Content: 

Heading: hours.
Content: 

Heading: The reaction of the person on
Content: 

Heading: duty at the infirmary was less than
Content: 

Heading: satisfactory; first, by her insis
Content: 

Heading: tence that the student would not
Content: 

Heading: be able to receive any help on Sun
Content: 

Heading: day, and secondly because, as she
Content: 

Heading: stated, she was in bed. Her only
Content: 

Heading: help was to name a dentist in
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg.
Content: 

Heading: A call to Evangelical Hospital
Content: 

Heading: was reacted to sinularily. The stu
Content: 

Heading: dent's next action was to caU Gei-
Content: 

Heading: singer Medical Center in Danville
Content: 

Heading: where fortunately emergency treat
Content: 

Heading: ment was immediately and cheer
Content: 

Heading: fully administered.
Content: 

Heading: This letter is to inform the Buck-
Content: 

Heading: nell community that the services of
Content: 

Heading: the BuckneU Dispensary are in
Content: 

Heading: adequate for the students' needs.
Content: 

Heading: It is also an appeal to the adminis
Content: 

Heading: tration for action to be taken at
Content: 

Heading: once to rectify the situation where-
Content: 

Heading: (Continued on Page 3)
Content: 

Heading: !Lenny passed the wine over. Lenny, with short hair and a bushy
Content: 

Heading: beard, is into cheap wine instead of drugs. He has also stopped writing
Content: 

Heading: poetry about anything except poUtics. Billy clubs and Uberation are
Content: 

Heading: broken up into lines by every punctuation mark, and Lenny calls them
Content: 

Heading: poems.
Content: 

Heading: When Lenny and I went to high school together, Lenny used to write
Content: 

Heading: sloppy, sentimental poetry. He was the romantic, and I was the hard
Content: 

Heading: bitten reaUst. We would argue not about whether or not we would have
Content: 

Heading: a fast against the War, but rather over why we should have the fast. He
Content: 

Heading: was in favor of it because it would spiritually renew us; I was in favor of
Content: 

Heading: it because it would prompt support of our other actions.
Content: 

Heading: Then Lenny and almost all my other high school friends went to
Content: 

Heading: Wisconsin University with 20,000 other students. Mike roUed up his over
Content: 

Heading: alls to show me the scar he received when he vaulted over a wall to
Content: 

Heading: "escape the pigs" during the riots at Wisconsin. He says he's out of the
Content: 

Heading: draft because of the injury. We all laughed because life is sometimes
Content: 

Heading: funny like that.
Content: 

Heading: I hadn't seen my friends from high school for a year, so we thought
Content: 

Heading: we'd have a lot to say to each other. But the way it worked out, 1
Content: 

Heading: walked into their gathering by myself, kicking over a half-filled bottle
Content: 

Heading: bottle of dollar wine. "You haven't changed," they said, so there was
Content: 

Heading: nothing new that I could tell them.
Content: 

Heading: Joe had switched to wire rims sometime during last year, and he
Content: 

Heading: was smoking a cigarette. I'd never seen him smoke one before, or
Content: 

Heading: maybe I had. No, I think not. He turned to m e when I sat down next to
Content: 

Heading: him, while the rest of the crowd talked about people that I didn't know.
Content: 

Heading: But Joe didn't say anything. "How are you?" I asked. "Pretty good,"
Content: 

Heading: he said after a moment of deliberation. "Good," I said. We looked at
Content: 

Heading: the wine bottles.
Content: 

Heading: Coltrane
Content: 

Heading: Joe is living with four other guys and three girls out on a farm.
Content: 

Heading: When I knew him he was just a step past collecting baseball cards.
Content: 

Heading: Jane and Kathy sat on the floor, legs crossed, calves stacked on
Content: 

Heading: each other like pancakes, butter pat hair melting down. I looked at
Content: 

Heading: them. Joe looked at the record player and said, "Coltrane," a magic
Content: 

Heading: word, the title of the book of my friends. I had to rely on one of my
Content: 

Heading: most trusted magic words: I said, "Oh."
Content: 

Heading: Looking for a red wane, I sat down next to Fat Andy. He still had
Content: 

Heading: gray dirt packed into the crease between his chins and his shoulders.
Content: 

Heading: He told me that his rock and roll group was cutting a record and that
Content: 

Heading: oh yes he had dropped out of school. Fat Andy had always been a good
Content: 

Heading: blues guitarist, playing a hundred dollar red Hagstrom guitar, the "on-
Content: 

Heading: off" labels peeling off.
Content: 

Heading: He told me that Marsha was married, but I didn't remember who
Content: 

Heading: Marsha was, until he reminded me that she was the star of our high
Content: 

Heading: school play. He also told me about Bill, a friend who goes to Harvard.
Content: 

Heading: In elementary school Bill thought that he was a dinosaur. Now he's
Content: 

Heading: going into psychological warfare.
Content: 

Heading: I asked Lenny how he was, expecting to find out about his grades,
Content: 

Heading: his courses, his sex life. He said, "Well, I'm living out on a farm now
Content: 

Heading: and it's beautiful. I'm finding out how beautiful people can be, how you
Content: 

Heading: can love people in a way that keeps on growing. We're out there all
Content: 

Heading: alone with 200 acres for our back yard, with docks and geese and goats.
Content: 

Heading: And a turtle named Smarks. We helped a neighbor slaughter a pig last
Content: 

Heading: week. I'm just out there reading and writing an awful lot. Writing a lot.
Content: 

Heading: And I'm in love with a girl out there. What a beautiful chick. I've never
Content: 

Heading: felt so wonderful or so strong. I feel like I'm ready to take on anything."
Content: 

Heading: He didn't stop once, or pause. A used-car salesman talk. But maybe
Content: 

Heading: not. Who am I to evaluate Lenny's life? But then again, how can I
Content: 

Heading: evaluate mine when it has been called into question by talks like
Content: 

Heading: Lenny's, without evaluating his? I gave up and realized that Lenny and
Content: 

Heading: I are not the same people.
Content: 

Heading: The day before I had gone back to my high school as the day
Content: 

Heading: emptied and the halls were clearing. I didn't know anyone except for
Content: 

Heading: a few teachers. And with them, how can I know how to stand when I
Content: 

Heading: speak, or how many curse words I'm allowed? The gravel voice of the
Content: 

Heading: assistant principal excused the students from work day #76, and I drove
Content: 

Heading: home behind the filled yellow busses.
Content: 

Heading: Lenny and Joe and Andy haven't gone back to our high school. When
Content: 

Heading: I left the party we had to shake hands instead of just waving.
Content: 

Heading: tEtfe Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member of
    Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription, |7.00, payable in advance.
    Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the post oilice at
    Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES MUSSMAN
Content: 

Heading: Editorials Editor
Content: 

Heading: JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: 

Heading: Sports Editor
Content: 

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: 

Heading: Photography Editor
Content: 

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: 

Heading: Sports Assistant
Content: 

Heading: SCOTT GEBHARDT
Content: 

Heading: National Adv. Manager
Content: 

Heading: STEVE BECKER
Content: 

Heading: DOUG BROWN
Content: 

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: 

Heading: Tuesday News Editor
Content: 

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: 

Heading: Features
Content: 

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: 

Heading: News Assistant
Content: 

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: 

Heading: Circulation Manager
Content: 

Heading: EDITORIAL BOARD
Content: 

Heading: DEAN
Content: landew

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: 

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: 

Heading: Friday News Editor
Content: 

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: 

Heading: Literary Editor
Content: 

Heading: TOM NOVINGER
Content: 

Heading: News Assistant
Content: 

Heading: JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: 

Heading: Subscriptions Manager
Content: 

Heading: DAVE STEIN
Content: 

Heading: Local Adv. Manager
Content: 

Heading: DAVID WEINBERGER
Content: 

Heading: STEVE WYATT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any issue and take a stand we deem in the best interest of the
    University, to treat every issue with the responsibility that Is accorded US
    in a free society, to be constructively critical when necessary as well as
    lauda tory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and
    integrity. Editorials appearing on this page reflect the consensus opinion
    of. the editorial board and that of the editors. Signed columns present the

Heading: views
Content: only of the authors. All letters should be adressed to the Editor, and must be
    received no later than Saturday noon for publication in the Tuesday edition
    and Wednes day noon for publication in the Friday edition. AU letters must
    be signed and typed double-spaced: however, names may withheld upon request.
    The Editor reserves the right to choose aU letters for publication, and to
    edit any letter chosen for reasons of space restrictions, grammatical change
    and offensive language. be R E P R E S E N T E D  F O R  N A T I O N A L .
    A D V E R T I S I N G  B Y

Heading: National Educational Advertising Services
Content: A  D I V I S I O N  O F RKADER'S DIGEST SALES *  SERVICES. INC. 3 6 0  L o x ln
    flio n  A v e ,,  N ew  Y o rk , N .V . 10017

Heading: 1
Content: Office: Focht Printing Co., 229 Market Street, 523-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts.
    524-1221

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: (Continued from Page 2)
Content: 

Heading: in the student cannot be confident
Content: 

Heading: of receiving proper medical treat
Content: 

Heading: ment.
Content: 

Heading: Sincerely,
Content: 

Heading: Deborah Klopp
Content: 

Heading: Carol A. Good
Content: 

Heading: Annette Lord
Content: 

Heading: Nadeen Van Tuyle
Content: 

Heading: American Arms
Content: 

Heading: To the Editor:
Content: 

Heading: Only today (January 29, 1971) did
Content: 

Heading: I see the December 11, 1970 issue
Content: 

Heading: MW
Content: 

Heading: of The Bucknellian, which carried
Content: 

Heading: a letter by Andrew Higgins at
Content: 

Heading: tempting to refute my column deal
Content: 

Heading: ing with national defense.
Content: 

Heading: Mr. Higgins claims I used false
Content: 

Heading: statistics, and quotes from the
Content: 

Heading: Scientific American in his attempt
Content: 

Heading: to prove that contention. There is
Content: 

Heading: actually no significant difference
Content: 

Heading: between my statistics and those Mr.
Content: 

Heading: Higgins quotes.
Content: 

Heading: My article said the U.S. has 1,000
Content: 

Heading: sm all ICBMS and 54 early model
Content: 

Heading: ICBMs (there was a printing error
Content: 

Heading: in The Buckneltian, not in the
Content: 

Heading: mimeographed text of my column
Content: 

Heading: that turned 1,000 into 100), totalling
Content: 

Heading: 1,054, the identical figure offered
Content: 

Heading: by Scientific American.
Content: 

Heading: As did Scientific American, I said
Content: 

Heading: the U.S. had 656 submarine based
Content: 

Heading: m issiles. I gave figures that would
Content: 

Heading: total 1100 ICBMs for the USSR,
Content: 

Heading: while Scientific American gives a
Content: 

Heading: figure of 250 more m issiles for
Content: 

Heading: them than that. Scientific American
Content: 

Heading: said the USSR had 205 sub-based
Content: 

Heading: m issiles, I said 280.
Content: 

Heading: The Scientific American article
Content: 

Heading: appeared in
Content: 

Heading: January
Content: 

Heading: 1970.
Content: 

Heading: My
Content: 

Heading: source was a U.S. News and World
Content: 

Heading: Report article of October 19, 1970.
Content: 

Heading: so I suggest that my more current
Content: 

Heading: statistics account for the difference
Content: 

Heading: there.
Content: 

Heading: Higgins neglects to include in his
Content: 

Heading: comparison the 300 sub launched
Content: 

Heading: cruise missiles of the Soviets that
Content: 

Heading: I mentioned in my article (these
Content: 

Heading: are m issiles a sub launches after
Content: 

Heading: surfacing), and gives the mislead
Content: 

Heading: ing statistic that the U.S. has 2,144
Content: 

Heading: bombers to Russia's 600. That latter
Content: 

Heading: statistic is accurate only if one
Content: 

Heading: counts medium range and tactical
Content: 

Heading: bombers, which I specifically did
Content: 

Heading: not mention in my article. Most of
Content: 

Heading: these bombers could not reach the
Content: 

Heading: Soviet Union unless stationed in
Content: 

Heading: Europe or Asia, and many of them
Content: 

Heading: are not armed with nuclear weap
Content: 

Heading: ons.
Content: 

Heading: In sum, the great differences Mr.
Content: 

Heading: Higgins would like the reader to
Content: 

Heading: believe exist between his figures
Content: 

Heading: and mine are really not so great,
Content: 

Heading: and my figures are the more cur
Content: 

Heading: rent and more directly relevant to
Content: 

Heading: nuclear strength.
Content: 

Heading: Mr. Higgins throws in MIRVs in
Content: 

Heading: a further attempt at refutation. He
Content: 

Heading: assumes that we will continue to
Content: 

Heading: deploy MIRVs despite significant
Content: 

Heading: opposition from liberals and the
Content: 

Heading: left. I hope he is correct, but even
Content: 

Heading: so, as he points out, the USSR
Content: 

Heading: also has MIRV capabilities.
Content: 

Heading: It should also be noted that war
Content: 

Heading: heads vary in strength, and the
Content: 

Heading: Soviets are far ahead of us in the
Content: 

Heading: deployment of large warheads. The
Content: 

Heading: megatonnage of such a Soviet war
Content: 

Heading: head has a destructive power equal
Content: 

Heading: to several of ours.
Content: 

Heading: Finally, Mr. Higgins describes
Content: 

Heading: ULMS, another new weapons sys
Content: 

Heading: tem, evidently to indicate that we
Content: 

Heading: will continue our strategic lead.
Content: 

Heading: What he neglects to mention is that
Content: 

Heading: ULMS is only in the first stages of
Content: 

Heading: development and a long way from
Content: 

Heading: actual Congressional approval for
Content: 

Heading: deployment. If and when it is ap
Content: 

Heading: proved I will feel much less con
Content: 

Heading: cerned about the state of our na
Content: 

Heading: tional defense, but I am more than
Content: 

Heading: a little afraid that those of Mr.
Content: 

Heading: Higgins like will be opposing, not
Content: 

Heading: supporting, deployment of ULMS.
Content: 

Heading: Jerry Norton
Content: 

Heading: Director of College Services
Content: 

Heading: school application process, let me
Content: 

Heading: explain. Most schools require that
Content: 

Heading: the student's Law School Admission
Content: 

Heading: Test (LSAT) and his transcript be
Content: 

Heading: handled by the Law School Data
Content: 

Heading: Assembly
Content: 

Heading: Service
Content: 

Heading: (LSDAS),
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: branch of the Educational Testing
Content: 

Heading: Services (ETS). Ostensibly LSDAS
Content: 

Heading: "analyzes" your
Content: 

Heading: transcript
Content: 

Heading: and
Content: 

Heading: sends their analysis along with
Content: 

Heading: your LSAT score to the law schools
Content: 

Heading: to which you are applying. All this
Content: 

Heading: is intended in the interests of ef
Content: 

Heading: ficiency, expediency, and standard
Content: 

Heading: ization.
Content: 

Heading: In October of last year I took the
Content: 

Heading: LSAT, arto on December 23rd my
Content: 

Heading: college transcript was
Content: 

Heading: sent to
Content: 

Heading: LSDAS. On February 4th I received
Content: 

Heading: a notice from one of the schools
Content: 

Heading: to which I had applied. The notice
Content: 

Heading: informed me that they had not re
Content: 

Heading: ceived my LSDAS materials. This
Content: 

Heading: was 6 weeks after the last of my
Content: 

Heading: materials had been sent to ETS. I
Content: 

Heading: called them immediately, demand
Content: 

Heading: ing to know the reasons behind the
Content: 

Heading: delay. I was told that a computer
Content: 

Heading: malfunction was hampering the
Content: 

Heading: assembly of the records of many
Content: 

Heading: students who had taken the LSAT
Content: 

Heading: in October. (The majority of law
Content: 

Heading: applicants take the test in October.)
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: was told that the problems
Content: 

Heading: "should be remedied within a
Content: 

Heading: week."
Content: 

Heading: There are implications far be
Content: 

Heading: yond the mere inconvenience which
Content: 

Heading: this may have caused myself and
Content: 

Heading: others. Law schools, unlike under
Content: 

Heading: graduate
Content: 

Heading: institutions,
Content: 

Heading: follow
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: policy whereby applications are re
Content: 

Heading: viewed periodically; invitations or
Content: 

Heading: rejections may be sent out at vir
Content: 

Heading: tually any time during the appli
Content: 

Heading: cant's senior year. The student
Content: 

Heading: whose application is received late
Content: 

Heading: is at a distinct disadvantage, for
Content: 

Heading: the chance of a higher caliber ap
Content: 

Heading: plication being received by the
Content: 

Heading: school increases as the deadline
Content: 

Heading: approaches.
Content: 

Heading: Even more questionable than the
Content: 

Heading: mere handling of the materials is
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: 

Heading: Friday, February 12
Content: 

Heading: 3:00 p.m. Women's Basketball vs. Susquehanna
Content: 

Heading: 6:15 and
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: 8:00 p.m. Freshman & Varsity Basketball vs. SusquehannaJJavis^Gyin
Content: 

Heading: 6:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: "
Content: 

Heading: M M l
Content: 

Heading: 8:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 9:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Jewish Services
Content: 

Heading: Hilltop: "Red Desert"
Content: 

Heading: Class of 1972 Coffeehouse
Content: 

Heading: Saturday, February 13
Content: 

Heading: 1:30 p.m. Varsity Swimming vs. Penn State
Content: 1:30

Heading: p.m. Varsity Wrestling vs. Colgate
Content: 

Heading: 8:00 p.m. Class of 1971 Film:
Content: 

Heading: Tustin Gym
Content: 

Heading: Meditation Chapel
Content: 

Heading: Vaughan Lit. Aud.
Content: 

Heading: Larison Lounge
Content: 

Heading: Freas-Rooke Poo'
Content: 

Heading: Davis Gym
Content: 

Heading: 'Confrontation at Kent State"
Content: 

Heading: Vaughan Lit. Aud.
Content: 

Heading: E. T. S.
Content: 

Heading: Dear Editor,
Content: 

Heading: Many of your readers are un
Content: 

Heading: wittingly jeopardizing their further
Content: 

Heading: education. I am referring to those
Content: 

Heading: students who are currently apply
Content: 

Heading: ing, via LSDAS, to law schools, and
Content: 

Heading: in general to anyone required to
Content: 

Heading: register with the Educational Test
Content: 

Heading: ing Services in Princeton, New
Content: 

Heading: Jersey.
Content: 

Heading: For those unfamiliar with the law
Content: 

Heading: 4:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 7:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 8:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sunday, February 14
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 a.m. Chapel: Rev. Mr. James E. Gardner
Content: 

Heading: Rooke Chapel
Content: 

Heading: Catholic Mass
Content: 

Heading: Rooke Chapel
Content: 

Heading: University Chorale and Symphonic Band Concert Davis Gym
Content: 

Heading: English Dept. Films "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" and
Content: 

Heading: "Fellini: The Director as Creator"
Content: 

Heading: Vaughan Lit. Aud.
Content: 

Heading: Monday, February 15
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: 7:00 p.m. Family Swim Night
Content: 

Heading: Freas-Rooke Pool
Content: 

Heading: 7:30 p.m. Japanese Studies Film: "Muddy Waters" Vaughan lit. Aud.
Content: 

Heading: 8 00 pm
Content: 

Heading: Class of 1956 Lecture: Prof. Ernest Keen: "Toward A Psy
Content: 

Heading: chology Of Possibility"
Content: 

Heading: Coleman Hall 102-A
Content: 

Heading: Tuesday, February 16
Content: 

Heading: 12-30 p.m. Contact Lecture-Discussion: Dr. Richard Drinnon:
Content: 

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: Catholic Left: The Berrigans and Others"
Content: 

Heading: New Dorm Pit
Content: 

Heading: the purported " analysis" which
Content: 

Heading: your
Content: 

Heading: transcript
Content: 

Heading: undergoes.
Content: 

Heading: No
Content: 

Heading: where in the information booklet
Content: 

Heading: does it explain this process.
Content: 

Heading: There are other areas open to
Content: 

Heading: criticism.
Content: 

Heading: For one, the student
Content: 

Heading: never knows for sure that his ma
Content: 

Heading: terials have been transmitted cor
Content: 

Heading: rectly. Some system needs to be
Content: 

Heading: implemented whereby the applicant
Content: 

Heading: can verify his records. Considering
Content: 

Heading: the volume of materials handled
Content: 

Heading: by ETS, machine error is quite
Content: 

Heading: possible. Human error is even more
Content: 

Heading: probable.
Content: 

Heading: Virtually ever student of higher
Content: 

Heading: learning in this country is forced
Content: 

Heading: to participate in ETS. The im
Content: 

Heading: mense task facing the admissions
Content: 

Heading: committees of our nation's schools
Content: 

Heading: makes such a monopoly under
Content: 

Heading: standable. Yet it is a monopoly
Content: 

Heading: which must not remain unchecked.
Content: 

Heading: We have every right to demand
Content: 

Heading: explicit information on any and
Content: 

Heading: every aspect of their operation
Content: 

Heading: which affects our pursuit of educa
Content: 

Heading: tional opportunities. I encourage
Content: 

Heading: anyone who is presently registered
Content: 

Heading: with any branch of ETS to seek
Content: 

Heading: verification of any action which
Content: 

Heading: may have been requested. I also
Content: 

Heading: urge anyone who has a complaint
Content: 

Heading: or suggestion to write me, so that
Content: 

Heading: I may collect and present them to
Content: 

Heading: the Educational Testing Services.
Content: 

Heading: Sincerely,
Content: 

Heading: John A. Blazer
Content: 

Heading: Box 1502
Content: 

Heading: Georgetown University
Content: 

Heading: Washington, D.C. 20007
Content: 

Heading: Comments?
Content: 

Heading: The BUCKNELLIAN is interested
Content: 

Heading: in receiving comments from aB
Content: 

Heading: members of the community con
Content: 

Heading: cerning any topics of concern. Ad
Content: 

Heading: dress letters and columns to Edi
Content: 

Heading: torials Editor, BUCKNELLIAN.
Content: 

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson
Content: 

Heading: 622 St. Catherine St.
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Phone: 524-9426
Content: 

Heading: Area Code 717
Content: 

Heading: A small fee is charged
Content: 

Heading: "First it was just
Content: 

Heading: lollipops and candy,
Content: 

Heading: but as the niusic built,
Content: 

Heading: oranges hit the air,
Content: 

Heading: then whole bags of
Content: 

Heading: potato chips.''
Content: 

Heading: -Z y g o te
Content: 

Heading: Poco's music turned the
Content: 

Heading: Shea Stadium Summer
Content: 

Heading: Festival into a carnival.
Content: 

Heading: Zygote
Content: 

Heading: magazine also said,
Content: 

Heading: "People were so refreshed by
Content: 

Heading: their music, so awakened by
Content: 

Heading: their sheer exuberance, that the
Content: 

Heading: stands erupted in freaky joy.
Content: 

Heading: People started throwing things
Content: 

Heading: to each other."
Content: 

Heading: But every time Poco per
Content: 

Heading: forms, there's some special
Content: 

Heading: excitement. They bounce. They
Content: 

Heading: laugh. They pull audiences into
Content: 

Heading: their fun. And part of their fun
Content: 

Heading: is always new songs. That's
Content: 

Heading: what excites them so they can
Content: 

Heading: excite you.
Content: 

Heading: P0C0."DEUVEItlN'."
Content: 

Heading: A UVE, NEW ALBUM.
Content: 

Heading: ON EPIC RECORDS AND TAPES
Content: 

Heading: That's why Poco's new
Content: 

Heading: album is live. And new. While
Content: 

Heading: most live albums have only old
Content: 

Heading: songs, Poco's has five new
Content: 

Heading: songs. Plus two Buffalo Spring-
Content: 

Heading: field tunes that they've never
Content: 

Heading: recorded.
Content: 

Heading: There's also a new acoustic
Content: 

Heading: version of "You'd Better Think
Content: 

Heading: Twice." And then two or three of
Content: 

Heading: the other songs that turned the
Content: 

Heading: summer festival into a picnic.
Content: i SPICI *  -CMC." MARCA REG. I  M. PRINTED IN U 5A

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: FEBRUARY 12, 1971
Content: >> &l-- M&j&i

Heading: M H
Content: 

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Tutors
Content: Project Upward Bound is cur rently forming a tutor-referral ser vice for
    students enrolled in its Upward Bound program. Volunteer tutors are needed
    in all academic areas, especially English, mathe matics, foreign languages
    and scien ces. Students will tutor one or two nights per week at the
    community center in Mount Carmel, Milton, Selinsgrove or Shamokin. Trans
    portation will be provided. Interested students should con tact Lawrence
    Bassett at the Up ward Bound Office, 2nd floor of Taylor Street House, or
    call 524- 0584.

Heading: soessoeoesoeoesoeeseooet
Content: 

Heading: Something Special for
Content: 

Heading: that Special Someone?
Content: 

Heading: Visit
Content: 

Heading: ABS Offices
Content: Any student interested in running for an ABS Office should notify Craig Eby at
    1535 before Feb. 16, in order to have their name placed on the preliminary
    ballot. After the preliminary slate is an nounced, those students still de
    siring to run, must submit a peti tion with 50 names to the nominat ing
    committee by Feb. 22. The final slate will be announced Feb. 23 and the
    final election will be March 1. wmmmmmmmm

Heading: Concert Committee's Problems
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: eoegoesegseeetseeeeeeeso
Content: 

Heading: Funds
Content: Any group in need of funds for any university program, contact Bob Nachshin,
    B-264 before Thurs day morning.

Heading: Psychology
Content: The Psychology Department is holding an open meeting at 11:00 a.m., Saturday, 27
    February, in 102-A CH for the purpose of en couraging staff and students to
    ex change ideas regarding the dis- ! cipline. Any student or faculty I
    member is welcome to attend.

Heading: Concert
Content: The Paul Winter Consort will ap pear in Chapel Auditorium at Sus quehanna
    University tomorrow at 8:30 p.m. Students may purchase $2.00 tickets at the
    Bookstore with their I.D. Tickets at the door will be $3.00.

Heading: Chicago
Content: Those season ticketholders who cannot attend the 7:30 Chicago per formance
    because of legitimate job conflicts should write Andy Meyer, B-561, for
    ticket exchanges.

Heading: Coffee House
Content: The Class of 1972 will sponsor a coffeehouse Friday, February 12, between 9:00
    p.m. and 1:00 a.m. in Larison lounge.

Heading: Ice Skating
Content: The ice rink located in the prac tice field next to the stadium will be lit and
    in good shape for skat ing tonight from 8-12. Everyone is welcome tonight
    and at anytime until the rink thaws.

Heading: Chorale
Content: The University Chorale will give a concert in Davis Gym Sunday, February 14, at
    7:30 p.m. for the benefit of the Evangelical Com munity Hospital. Admission
    will be by donation. (Continued from Page 1) by telephone usually occurs
    some time after the conventions. Most groups' concerts are sche duled
    through agencies in New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, and Los Angeles. Meyer
    has negotiated with most groups from the phone in his room. Although the
    concert committee is offically part of ABS, it has no separate office. Meyer
    notes that negotiations and scheduling of acts usually take five months.
    First semester concerts must be booked in the summer; second semester
    bookings are set tled in the winter. At the final spring concert there will
    be a table at which students may ex press their preferences for next year's
    acts. Economically, the concert com mittee is usually able to "break even."
    Meyer expects to lose money on some concerts and make up the difference on
    the others. Approximately 85% of sales is season tickets. Meyer regards this
    advance volume selling as why the University's concert series has re mained
    so successful. Due to profits last year, the committee was able to stage a
    free concert with Jam Factory. M eyer also mentions that the

Heading: Demonstration at Post Office
Content: 

Heading: What you should know about diamonds
Content: 

Heading: when you know it's for keeps
Content: You've dreamed about your diamond engagement ring a thou sand times. But now
    that you know it's for keeps, it's time to stop dreaming and start learning
    about diamonds and their value. Because no two diamonds are exactly alike,
    jewelers have adopted exacting standards to de termine the relative value of
    each and every diamond in the world. These standards include a dia mond's
    size (carat weight), color, cut and clarity. Although it's important to know
    the facts about diamonds, you certainly don't have to be expert to choose a
    Keepsake Dia mond Ring . . . because Keepsake guarantees a diamond of fine
    white color, correct cut and perfect clar ity or replacement assured. The fa
    mous Keepsake certificate provides permanent registration, trade-in value
    and protection against loss of diamonds from the setting. (Continued from
    Page 1) hour and a half demonstration with mixed feelings as to their own mo
    tives for acting. A perhaps not un typical comment was the one of a marcher
    who said, " I'm not sure its accomplishing what its supposed to."  The
    gentleman next to him returned, "What is it supposed to do." The march had
    been agreed on at a mass meeting held Tuesday night in Vaughan Literature
    Audi torium. Prof. Jerome Rinyus de livered an opening speech outlining the
    intelligence operations of the U.S. in Vietnam. In conclusion, he asked that
    the least anyone could do in response to the Laos invasion was to " convince
    one other person that killing other men is wrong."

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: Rick Beardsley then attempted to guide the open discussion among the
    approximately three hundred attending the meeting. It was hoped that the
    group would develop an ap propriate course of action for the following day.
    For the next hour, various points were raised ranging from sugges tions to
    shovel sidewalks to a chal lenge for the "truly committed" to burn the draft
    files at the local board office. Frustration abounded, and Beard sley was
    led at one point to plead, " Lets just take a vote on some thing."  Karl
    Patten suggested the march which was carried out the next day. The following
    is the protest state ment of the marchers: We, individual members of the
    Buckneil community, protest the mounting inhumanity of our gov ernment. We
    are here today to express our outrage at the American-directed invasion of j
    Laos, which we regard as yet i another immoral and illegal ac-

Heading: I
Content: tion of our government in South east Asia. But we realize that

Heading: I
Content: Laos is essentially a foreign ver-

Heading: I
Content: sion of our domestic disregard for human life and liberty, a disregard which has
    exploded in violence and repression across the land. Standing here we affirm
    that life and liberty and ask that all men join us. COLOR: Fine white
    diamonds are quite rare and valued accordingly. Other shades in relative
    order of their worth are: blue, yellow, brown and black. CUT: The cut of a
    diamond--the facets placed on it by a trained cutter--brings out the gem's
    fire and brilliance. Anything less than correct cut reduces beauty, bril
    liance and value. CLARITY: Determined by the ab sence of small impurities. A
    per fect diamond has no impurities when examined under ten power
    magnification by a trained eye. CARAT: A diamond's size is measured in
    carats. As a diamond increases in size, its price will increase even more if
    the quality remains constant. But larger dia monds of inferior, quality may
    ac tually be worth less than smaller, perfect diamonds.

Heading: Let's Get It Straight
Content: 

Heading: CRINE PATS
Content: 

Heading: PLENTY
Content: Your Keepsake Jeweler has a complete selection of new styles. He's in the Yellow
    Pages under " Jewelers." Or, dial free day or night long distance
    800-243-6000. In Connecticut, call 800-942-0655.

Heading: T C
Content: e e p a a k e - R E G I S T E R E D D I A M O N D  R I N G S

Heading: Q
Content: uestion :

Heading: Y
Content: ou hear it said th a t crim e doesn't  pay, bu t som e people seem to get aw ay
    w ith a lot in this world. H ow com e?

Heading: A
Content: nswer : This question has bothered people for thousands of years. Long ago in
    the day. o f the Prophet Jeremiah we find him asking, "W herefore does the
    way of the wicked prosper?"  W e find the answer in the Bible also: it is be
    cause o f God's mercy that He does not strike the sinner down the moment he
    sins. He gives him every opportunity to change his ways. And He often leaves
    him in the full en joyment of his worldly prosperity, because it is not
    always in His plan to render judgment in this life. leadership of the
    concert commit tee has remained the same in the past few years. " A very
    small group is most effective in negotia tions of this sort,"  he asserts. "
    I look on the concert committee as a 'conelike' organization. Months before
    the concert only one or two work on a show; by concert time, nearly 80
    people may be involved in publicity, ticket sales, and ad vertising."
    Gebauer foresees a " much broad er"  concert committee next year. Director
    of public relations at WVBU, he will work with Steve / Selinger, former
    music director for WVBU, and Keith Coughey, as well as others. Upon
    graduation M eyer will utilize his experience with concert scheduling. As a
    professional " en tertainment specialist,"  he will at tempt to schedule
    acts for various colleges. He claims, " Colleges must realize that concerts
    are not merely activities, they are business."

Heading: Pa. Drops Aid
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) if the money isn't appropriated by May 1. The first one
    is that the school will need the money by then for operating expenses, which
    would seem to indicate the possibility that the University might have to bor
    row. Or, since it is unlikely that anyone in the Business & Finance Office
    would like paying off the in terest on such a loan, with the pre sent
    $300,000-plus deficit from last year still over their heads, the stu dents
    might just have to come up with the money themselves. Another disaster could
    be even more troublesome. What about the seniors who must have their bills
    paid in order to receive their di plomas? At the present time there are
    between 50 to 75 seniors who could be affected by the present dilemma, which
    seems unlikely to be resolved in the near future. Although, for the
    University, the problem has not, as yet, reached any serious proportions,
    the statis tics tell the extent to which the University could be affected:
    num ber of students receiving PHEAA aid--300: total number of awards--
    $116,000/sem . With any kind of real austerity program initiated by the
    legislature of Pennsylvania, a goodly number of students could find
    themselves searching around for an extra $400, or even worse, they might
    find such a task impossible.

Heading: AB S Meeting
Content: (Continued from Page 1) He supported bis motion's sugges tion of dorm autonomy
    because it allows students more say about the rules they live under." ] it
    was noted this ABS act does not necessarily mean President Charles Watts II
    will approve the motion and put it into effect, nor does it automatically
    institute open visitation. It merely provides for the separate dorms to
    determine their own hours. It was decided to extend the dead line for
    applications to the Environ mental and Advisory Committee until Wednesday,
    February 17. This important committee will concern the University as an
    ecological sys tem and all those interested in serving on it may pick up a
    peti tion in the office of the Dean of Student Affairs.

Heading: H OW  T O  PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND W EDDING
Content: Send new 20 pg. booklet, " Planning Your Engagement and Wedding" plus full color
    folder and 44 pg. Bride's Book gift offer all for only 25#. C ity -

Heading: K E E P S A K E ,
Content: 

Heading: BOX 90, SYRACUSE, NEW YORK IS20I
Content: fUngTIrom $100 to $10,000 Trade Mark Reg. A. H. Pond Co.

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEBRUARY 12, 1971 You may have heard of the farm er who plowed his field on
    Sunday, sowed it with seed on Sunday, cultivated and weeded it on Sunday,
    reaped it on Sunday, and even sold the grain on Sunday. He twitted his more
    godly neigh bor with the fact that his ac counting showed that his field had
    yielded more profit than his neighbor's. "Yes," said the neighbor, 'Taut God
    hasn't closed His account book yet." W e are to love God, not for the
    material prosperity He allows us to enjoy, but for Himself alone, for the
    joy that knowing and obeying Him brings to our hearts. When a rich man in
    the Bible died and went to hell, Abraham reminded him from paradise that in
    his lifetim e he had received his good things, yet had not loved God or his
    neighbor. Now he had no cause of complaint against God. When it comes to a
    choice o f laying up treasures in heaven or treasure on e^rth, only the
    short-sighted will choose the latter. The former will last for eternity. For
    free booklet, " T he

Heading: R
Content: iches of

Heading: P
Content: overty ," write to BOX 327. RIDGEFIELD, N. J. 07657. Dept. BU

Heading: ultra-high
Content: 

Heading: frequently
Content: "CHANNEL ONE IS AN OUTRAGEOUS CLOSED CWUtT n csa w n o N that fu lfills a u our
    m eanest EANTASNS A << U I M  TUNE."-JOHN GNUEN. VOGUE
    mmhhmhhhhhhhhhhhhhiihhn

Heading: Improvements Needed
Content: 

Heading: Series of M edical Errors, Including an 'Em ergency'
Content: 

Heading: E xpose Serious Inadequacies at Ziegler Dispensary
Content: - _ .. -- II l 1 Li nlLtnGnn '* InnrftVl nf tima fnr occictnn By DAVID HAMMER
    Investigation suggests that the Ziegler Dispensary may be taking a turn for
    the worse. At least three cases of persons needing medical help from this
    university's dis pensary resulted in what could be termed " less than
    adequate"  as sistance. For example, freshman Ed Hafer experienced relative
    disillusion ment on the Saturday and Sunday of Homecoming Weekend last se m
    ester when he suffered from a broken jaw after being " mugged" in Lewisburg
    by non-university stu dents. Having been informed that Evangelical Community
    Hospital " would not take X-rays,"  Hafer was forced to seek assistance from
    Ziegler dispensary on the after noon following the incident. Hafer asked for
    the doctor and was told that he " would be in later."  Consequently, he
    returned that evening and informed the nurse on duty that he had come again
    to seek the doctor's help. While Hafer was waiting for him to appear, broken
    jaw and all, several people came in and out; unfortunately, one of the ones
    who left the dispensary was the doctor himself. Because Hafer did not know
    the doctor and because, evidently, the physician had not been told of
    Hafer's presence by the nurse, the freshman had to suffer yet another day
    until an appointment could be made with the dispensary, on Mon day.
    'Sprained Fracture' In another incident, Gene Bar tholomew (Hafer's
    roommate) suf fered what was later diagnosed as a " sprained fracture"  from
    playing basketball in mid-December of last year. The doctor on the afternoon
    shift at Ziegler Dispensary, after remarking that he ''really didn't think
    X-rays needed to be taken" (as Hafer recalls his words), sug gested that the
    best thing Bar tholomew could do would be to " walk on it." And, so, he did.
    All would have been fine had his in jury merely behn a sprain (and, without
    X-rays, such seemed the case); however, had X-rays been taken, Bartholomew
    would not have been walking on the fracture and, certainly, treatment would
    have commenced immediately. Dental Dilemma Yet another situation arises from
    a letter submitted to The Bucknell- ian in which Annett Lord recalls her
    experience with Ziegler Dis pensary on January 7 of this year. She had had
    wisdom teeth re moved at home and, although the stitches were still in, she
    was ad vised that she could return to school. At approximately 3 a.m., on
    January 7, she awoke to find her mouth bleeding and, finally, asked her
    friend, (Nadeen Van Tuyle) to call her home; Lord's dentist, from an account
    of the situation, described her condition as warranting " emergency treat
    ment." On these grounds, van Tuyle contacted Evangelical Community Hospital;
    the nurse on duty ex plained that van Tuyle should call the University
    dispensary, instead, despite the " emergency treatment" analysis and the
    fact that only three days earlier the hospital had initiated a program
    whereby an oral surgeon would be on call 24 hours a day. (Evidently, as
    Annette Lord suggests, only those " higher up"  in the hospital echelon knew
    of this action involving the oral surgeon continuously on call.) It happened
    that the Ziegler Dis pensary, in this instance, was less than helpful
    despite Miss Lord's continued bleeding. The nurse on duty would only supply
    names of dentists in the area and, more significantly to Miss Lord, freely
    advised that contacting area den tists " would not be much help" due to the
    fact that it was Sunday. Finally, out of what must be termed sheer
    desperation, Miss Lord was driven to Geisinger Medical Center by friends and
    was eventually taken care of--only after much blood had been lost due to the
    seeming--run around by both Evangelical Com munity Hospital and the Ziegler
    Dispensary early on a Monday morning. Several questions and suggestions
    arise in the minds of those in volved in these isolated, yet re lated,
    incidents. Annette Lord ad mitted that panic was a factor in her situation,
    and that the Ziegler nurse did not help to " instill con fidence" with the
    remark that pro bably no help could be found at such an early hour. Also,
    the nurse at Ziegler did " not,"  in Miss Lord's words, " seem to compre
    hend the emergency situation." Others interviewed, including Barb Jensen,
    John Yee, Betsy Hed rick and Joanne Martin (who were involved in a
    tobogganing accident this January behind Roberts Hall) suggested that, since
    a nurse can not supposedly leave the dispen sary, more personnel might be
    added should medical assistance be needed immediately elsewhere on campus.
    Questions Theoretically, if someone med ically-versed could have come down
    the hill to check them, their in juries could have been speedily diagnosed
    without their having to move around or wait for any great length of time for
    assistance. Ultimately, Annette Lord ques tions where the $150.00 in health
    fees eventually winds up; and, considering her related plight, such a
    question seems quite valid. Sure ly, as Miss Lord feels, she deserved a good
    deal more attention than she received considering the sum. Generally, a lack
    of confidence pervades the minds of these indi viduals concerning Ziegler
    Dispen sary; their experiences have not been good. And, their questions and
    suggestions are not idle ones, nor ones which necessarily must be asked only
    by those recently in volved in these and similar inci dents.

Heading: .rivi a 1
Content: Whitcomb L. Judson of the U.S. invented the zipper in 1893. The University
    played Miami in the Orange Bowl in 1935. BU won, 26 to 0. According to
    Social Security, 1,678,815 people have the surname " Smith." According to
    the ancient Chinese lunar calendar, 1971 is the " year of the pig."

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: SIS
Content: 

Heading: S T U D E N T  O P E R A T E D
Content: 

Heading: CLINIC
Content: 

Heading: LOW COST PREGNANCY TESTS
Content: 

Heading: $ information on:--
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: BIRTH CONTROL
Content: 

Heading: ADOPTION
Content: 

Heading: 9:00 - 10:00 P.M. Tuesday and Thursday
Content: 

Heading: 22 South Fifth Street - - - 524-9784
Content: 

Heading: NOTE:--All other agencies which have advertised charge
Content: 

Heading: S fees and refer to more expensive clinics.
Content: A ls o  a v a ila b le  o n  ta p e . > COtUMBIA. H  MARCAS WG <<UNICO IN US A.

Heading: Produced by Paul A. Rothchild
Content: ##M M << << * * " "*"

Heading: !!!!SSllSSi
Content: 

Heading: uiilMi
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: 'Groove Tube'
Content: 

Heading: 'Catch-22' Flick Fails in Attempt
Content: 

Heading: Satirizes
Content: 

Heading: tv
Content: 

Heading: j>>0
Content: 

Heading: Recreate Heller's War Novel
Content: By KARL BLAKE " Groove Tube," a new theatre form in which the only actor is a
    television set, will be here Wednes day, February 17, sponsored by the
    Bucknell Concert Committee. There will be continuous show ings at 3, 5, 7,
    9, and 11 p.m. Ad mission is $1.50. Created by Kenny Shapiro, a former
    television performer, " Gro ove Tube"  is a two-hour collection of satirical
    sketches, musical num bers and take-offs on television commercials, which
    the theatre audience views on three television monitors on the stage.
    Shapiro, with the help of friend Lane Sarasohn, wrote and directed the
    sketches and operated the cameras and recording equipment. He also acted in
    several of the pieces. When the show proved to be a success at the Channel
    One Theater in New York's East Village, he made another copy of the tape for
    circulation on college campuses. Shapiro uses satiric techniques of
    exaggeration and unexpected juxtapositions. Thus, a pornographic film is
    supplied with a running commentary by two television sportcasters, with skin
    flick and sportscasters both being satirized. Shapiro says, somewhat expan
    sively, of his videotape theatre: "This is my definitive comment on
    television, and on life." By LOU BUCCERI About fifteen years ago, Joseph
    Heller wrote a book called Catch-22. It was about life and death and war and
    a million other things which people have been writing about for centuries.
    The beauty of Heller's work was that it forced you to laugh uproariously
    while simultaneously experiencing a sickening feeling in the pit of your
    stomach. This com bination of emotions is the effect of what is known in
    some circles as 'Black Comedy.' In other circles this experience is known as
    'being alive.' Whatever it's called, Heller's effort in Catch-22 was
    outstanding. About a year and a half ago, Mike Nichols began directing a
    film based on Heller's book. Nichols is a well known, much honored director,
    with films such as The Graduate to his credit. He hired a crew of actors;
    among them Orson Welles, Jon Voight, Alan Arkin, Bob Newhart, Art Garfunkle
    and, as they say, a host of others. To give this worthy cast a noble set,
    Nichols rented a valley in one of the most desolate parts of Mexico. Since
    the book centers on a bomber squadron in World War H, Nichols gathered up
    bits and pieces to form a fleet of B-25's. He had the fleet restored to
    flying condition and flew them to his Mexican valley, landing them on the
    full scale air strip he had built there. At the same time, the well known
    writer and actor, Buck Henry, was putting the final touches on the screen
    play adaptation of Heller's book. Nichols' production costs ran into the
    millions of dollars. Pre premier publicity was heavy--everything from a
    cover story in Life magazine to an article in Playboy. All over the country,
    Heller freaks were impatiently waiting to see if Nichols' extravaganza would
    faithfully translate the book experience into a movie experience. Catch-22
    (the novel) had become a kind of Bible for some of us, and to be able to see
    and hear it, instead of just mind-picturing it, would have been fantastic.
    Unfortunately, Nichols didn't make it. Catch-22 is a bad movie. It isn't the
    acting, or the setting, or the photography that is bad; it's the script and
    the direction. Nichols and Henry turned Catch-22 into a scattered series of
    incoherent vignettes. Heller's book was by no means linear, but it was
    definitely coherent. Alan Arkin could have played the lead character,
    Captain Yossarian, credibly, but the script forces him to portray Yossarian
    as two separate people--first completely crazy, then, suddenly, completely
    sane. Heller's Yossarian is crazy, But it's his insanity that saves him. He
    reacts in sanely to an insane environment, since behaving in a way which the
    en vironment would accept, would mean death. In the book, the author's
    belief in the correctness of Yossarian's position is revealed by a gradual
    but forceful exposition of his situation. In the movie, that situation is
    thrown at us all at once, making it Im possible to understand what's going
    on, let alone why it's happening. To allow this compression to occur,
    Nichols eliminates some characters and exaggerates others, creating an
    atmosphere of Good vs. Evil com pletely alien to Heller's book. Nichols
    kills off characters he hasn't even introduced simply because their deaths
    are picturesque. He suddenly abondons characters he has just begun to
    develop, giving the feeling that Yossarian is wandering among cardboard
    figures. The character of Milo Minderbinder is first made central to the
    story line, but is then perverted into the role of a Static-Hitler figure.
    Heller's Milo was clever, enterprising, and sick, but by no means demonic.
    The movie boils Yossarian's battle for life down to an imagin ary fight
    against imaginary demons. Nichols' movie takes a complex book concerning a
    complex situation and crushes it, leaving a worthless cartoon of life. It
    may well be that no movie could faithfully reproduce the atmosphere of
    Heller's book. Certainly no movie that had to end after two and one-half
    hours. Catch-22 is long and involved. Each minute part is important to the
    whole. Un fortunately, minor actions and gestures are often lost amid a
    film's dia logue and camera work. Perhaps film can present the dilemma
    treated in Catcb-22. However, it must first evolve its own story-line, its
    own characters, and make use of its own peculiar methods. Nichols' attempt
    is a choppy, incoherent waste, impossible to understand without having read
    the book, and horribly inadequate after having read it.

Heading: h
Content: 

Heading: -C live Barnes
Content: "ZA N Y  AND HILARIOUS --

Heading: FULFILLS ALL OUR MEANEST
Content: FANTASIES ABOUT THE TUBE!"-John Grucn "THE RAUNCHIER THE APPROACH,THE MORE
    DEMOLISH ING THE SATIRE-OUTRAGEOUSLY FUNNY!" -Marilyn Stasis. Cue Mag.

Heading: Wednesday, February 17, 1971
Content: 

Heading: Coleman Theatre
Content: 

Heading: Continuous Showings-- 3, 5, 7, 9, II P.M.
Content: 

Heading: Adm. $1.50
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell Concert Committee
Content: PINNED: Chris Sonderstrom to Carl Smith, SAE *72. ENGAGED: Debbie Dixon, '71
    (University of Pittsburgh) to Terry Hibbard, '71. Pat Keen, DDD '71 to Mark
    Broady, SAE '71. Steph Laudenbach, DZ '71 to Walt Molawak, KDR '71. Kathie
    Sheetz, DZ '71 to Carl Anthony. '72. Karen Speidel, BG '73 to Greg Olson, DU
    '70. MARRIED: lisa  Carpenter, '72 to Jeff Bush, '71. WANTED: College men
    and women for man agement positions in government. Must meet physical requi
    rements. Financial aid available for in college trainees, or applicants can
    enroll in special training course on graduation. Stateside a n d / o r  o v
    e r s e a s  t r a v e l guaranteed. Here's a government position with a
    real future for both men and women. An officer's job in the Air Force. A
    management level job in anybody's book. Certainly, there's no better way to
    get the experience and train ing needed for executive responsi bility. If
    you have two years of college remaining, you could find yourself earning an
    Air Force commission while you learn, through the Air Force ROTC two-year
    program. Along with college credits and a commission, you'll receive $50
    each month as a student. And upon grad uation, that management position we
    promised will be waiting for you. If an advanced degree is in your plans,
    you'll be happy to learn that the Air Force has a number of out standing
    programs to help you fur ther your education. If you're in your final year
    of col lege, you can get your commission through the Air Force Officer Train
    ing Program. It is open to all college grads, both men and women, who
    qualify. Check it out. You'll find that the Air Force is one career that
    offers something for everyone. Nearly 430 different jobs, ranging from aero
    nautical engineering to zoology, with almost everything else, includ ing
    flying, in between. But whatever your duties, you'll soon discover that the
    Air Force will let you move just as far and as fast as your tal ents can
    take you. So look ahead and let your col lege years pay off for you with a
    managerial position in the U.S. Air Force. Just send in this coupon or write
    to USAF Military Personnel Center, Dept. A, Randolph AFB, Texas 78148, and
    get your postgrad uate career off the ground.

Heading: Bod yourself in the
Content: r SCN271 USAF Military Personnel Center Dept. A Randolph AFB, Texas 78148 Please
    send me more information on: # Officer Training School D  Air Force ROTC
    Program N A M E AD D R ESS K u t (please print) C IT Y S TA TE Z IP P H O N
    E D A TE  O F  G R A D U A TIO N SCH O O L 1 understand there Is no
    obligation.

Heading: United States Air Force
Content: 

Heading: Coeds Choose
Content: 

Heading: Sororities Secure Frosh
Content: By JACKIE STUBBA The following is a list of this year's new sorority pledges:
    ALPHA CHI OMEGA: Andrea Ellis, Susan Gicquelais, Deborah Grant, Holly Hach,
    Kath leen Marinari, Maria Massaglia, Beth Meloy, Carolyn Pem ice, San dra
    Selby, Stephanie Smith', Andrea Van Horn, Jeanne Warner, Ann Wengert. ALPHA
    P m : Katherine Colstron, Janice Cor- bo, Martha Dahlen, Barbara Georg,
    Janice Havey, Jane Heinze, Deb orah Hosea, Michele Lupichuk, Sha ron Marsh,
    Joanne Martin, Eliza beth McKinley, Sharon Smith, Reg ina Stepp, Jacqueline
    Stubba, Mar cia Taylor, Martha Wood, Cynthia Young. BETA GAMMA: Lorraine
    Button, Lynn Carlsten, Johanna Crawford, Susan Frank, Meredythe Gray, Nancy
    Hersh berger, Sally Kingsbury, Jacque line Morris, Susan Opdyke, Donna
    Rebucci, Susan Ross, Barbara Sen- kowski, Susan Siedenburg, Marg aret
    Smalser, Deborah Snyder, Wendy Wenk. DELTA DELTA DELTA: June Cafffey,
    Claudia Gravino, Nora Guhl, Kerry Hunter, Diane Keen, Amy Kingston, Carol Mc
    Donald, Janice Merry, Janice Mur akami, Deborah Rodgers, Deborah Scott, Joan
    Smith, Susan Spiece, Joan Stein, Beth Wynne, Yvonne Zavaglia. DELTA ZETA:
    Elizabeth Hedrik, Elizabeth In- glis, Barbara Jensen, Laura Jones, Susan
    Macintosh, Janet Overholt. KAPPA KAPPA GAMMA: Alexis Alexander, Patricia Ben
    son, Jeanette Cuomo, Diana Dee, Nancy Donahay, Pamela Duffett, Gail
    Flannery, Anne Haigh, Robyn Hartmann, Anne Hungerford, Don na Kreger,
    Christine Olson, Ann Peterson. PI BETA PHI: Ruth Ashby, Margaret Black,
    Caroline Cook, Cynthia Davis, Laurie Graffeo, Susan Helm, Debra LaRue,
    Heather Moberg, Laura Pe- elle, Stacey Sines, Karen Weaver, Linda Weifly. P
    ffl MU: Regina Ambrose, Nancy Buck- waiter, Susan Frey, Janet Gerlach, Ann
    Leiphart, Linda Mariam, Su san Mestier, Jane Pew, Cynthia Pflum, Susan
    Sammarco, Ruth Stubba.

Heading: SENIORS!
Content: 

Heading: IF YOU'RE LOOKING TO YOUR FUTURE,
Content: 

Heading: LOOK TO US.
Content: 

Heading: TALK TO  US about Home Office Positions
Content: 

Heading: in such areas as:
Content: 

Heading: * ACCOUNTING & FINANCIAL ANALYSIS
Content: 

Heading: * ACTUARIAL SCIENCE
Content: 

Heading: * ADMINISTRATION
Content: 

Heading: * INVESTMENT ANALYSIS
Content: 

Heading: * PROGRAMMING & SYSTEMS ANALYSIS
Content: 

Heading: Head right for the Placement Office and pick
Content: 

Heading: up a copy of our booklet, "Your Opportunity
Content: 

Heading: at the Mutual Benefit Life."
Content: 

Heading: AND
Content: 

Heading: Be sure to make an appointment to see our
Content: 

Heading: Representative.
Content: 

Heading: He will be on Campus on
Content: 

Heading: Wednesday, February 17, 1971
Content: 

Heading: THE MUTUAL BENEFIT
Content: 

Heading: LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
Content: 

Heading: 520 Broad St, Newark, New Jersey 07101
Content: An Equal Opportunity Employer

Heading: Sprint!
Content: 

Heading: Bullets Beat Baby Bisons;
Content: 

Heading: Thinclads Place in Relay Events; Engineers Invading Davis
Content: By JEFF QUINZER Improvement is the goal all coaches strive for as a season
    progresses. The progress of the winter track team, and that of the two-mdie
    relay team in particular, would please the most demanding of coaches. In the
    recent Knights of Colum bus Track Meet at Madison Square Garden on Feb. 5,
    the relay team of Paul Hermly (2:02.2), John Lar- ner (1:58.9), Rich Francel
    (1:56.8), and Tom Hagerty (2:01.5), ran a 7:59.4 relay which bettered their
    times of the two previous weeks by 16 and 22 seconds respectively, and was
    their best effort of the year, good enough for a fifth place finish. The
    fine showing eliminated one problem for Coach Arthur Gulden: whether or not
    the team should travel to Baltimore the next morn ing for the All-Eastern
    Invitational. "We were debating whether to go or not,"  explained Gulden. "
    It was The decision to compete on Sat urday was obviously a good one, as the
    team responded with an 8:01.2 time and a second place fin ish in their
    section. They were topped only by the powerful Balti more Olympic Club, an
    AAU team of graduate runners. In the process, they downed Seton Hall,
    Catholic University, and Virginia State. Coach Gulden was obviously pleased
    about the second place fin ish. "We beat a good team in Seton Hall, who has
    run a 7:56, by 15 yards. That's an important com petitive aspect. When you
    run on a slow track like the one in Balti more, times don't mean a thing. It
    depends on who you beat." How did the squad react to run ning in such
    prestigious places as the Garden and Civic Center? " It was a fantastic
    feeling," re plied Francel. " Here we were, on

Heading: Fencing Found Fun
Content: By DAN MILLER It can be used to defend your honor as well as that of your lady.
    The techniques have been handed down since the days of Cyrano de Bergerac
    and the thrill of a deft parry and adroit reoste still courses in every
    noble man's veins. The sport is fencing, and it was initiated at BU the
    opening week in January as a one week workshop under the leadership of
    Professor Ken Kaminski of the Math Depart ment. Professor Kaminski, an
    alumnus of Rutgers University, competed in intercollegiate fencing while an
    undergraduate. He very willingly compiled to a request to instruct
    interested people in the rudiments of fencing as a part of the January
    Program. The turnout was unexpectedly large and enthusiastic and what was
    originally slated to be a one- week program was extended to daily workouts
    for the remainder of the month. With the end of January it was decided to
    attempt to combine the organized practices on a one-per- week basis during
    the semester. In addition efforts are being made to contact other schools to
    investigate the possibility of organ izing intercollegiate matches. While
    the fencers who are cur rently participating in the club are enthusiastic,
    the element of com petitive experience as lacking. Coach Kaminski is the
    only swords man who is familiar with the com petitive aspects of the sport
    Therefore, any fencers on the faculty or in the student body who are
    interested in returning to com petition are invited to attend the Wednesday
    night workouts. They are scheduled for 7:00 in Tustin Gym and the equipment
    is pro vided. decided that if the boys ran well in New York, we would go."
    the same level as the guys you always read about. They came over and talked
    to us and everything." John Lamer was also impressed. " It was a whole
    different atmos phere," he said. " Everything seemed different; just seeing
    those thousands of people in the stands was really scary." " I think it gave
    us more confi dence and a lot of experience," added Hermly. The following is
    a recap of the meets in January. Pittsburgh (Jan. 16): Lamer, Hagerty and
    Hermly finished first, third and fourth respectively in the 1,000. Fred
    Weber took a first in the 600 while Francel ran a 1:55.2 to place second in
    the invitational half-mile. Len Dillinger finished third in the high jump
    and fourth in the long jump. Philadelphia (Jan. 23): "The two- mile relay
    team had a bad day and finished fourth out of six teams," explained Gulden.
    Cornell Invitational (Jan. 30): Hermly (1:17.9) finished third in the jayvee
    600 while Lamer placed fifth in the mile with a 4:35, his best time ever.
    Francel, returning from a two-week injury, took fifth in the 1,000. The
    freshman medely relay of Bill Ledger wood, Rick Bullock, Randy Mattison and
    Bob Lucas finished third. Bullock was also first in the 600 and Mattison
    finish ed fourth in the high jump at 5-8. Coach Gulden is optimistic about
    the future. "We have showed im provement and will continue to im prove, as
    long as we keep work ing,"  he said. " We're now looking forward to the
    Delaware Invitational on the 26th and 27th,"  concluded Gulden. " Reaction
    to the team so far has been very favorable. I've had many compliments from
    opposing coaches and meet directors. We will be in vited to these meets
    again next year." By ALAN GROCHAL A spectacular 25 point perform ance for
    BU's Paul Kerr was off set by Gettysburg's balanced attack as the Bullet
    frosh romped BU 86- 67, Tuesday. Kerr, who fouled out late in the game,
    scored 19 points in the first half to bring the Bisons to within 2 points of
    the Bullets at intermis sion, 46-44. The Herd went ahead 48-47 early in the
    second half, but Gettysburg streaked ahead to a 14 point lead shortly
    afterward. Five Bullet players scored in double figures with Perry Clark
    leading the way with 24. Algin Garrett supported Kerr's offensive show with
    16 points of his own. The defeat dropped the Bisons record to 8-5 and
    shattered a four game winning streak. The Thundering Herd made

Heading: a
Content: spirited comeback in the game after being down early. Gettysburg ran off 12
    straight points to start the game. The Bullets came out in a full court
    press which forced several Bison turnovers. Weekend action should provide a
    stiff test for the freshman cagers. Lehigh invades Davis Gym, Fri day, in
    what points to a revenge match for the Baby Bisons. BU lost earlier in the
    season to the Engineers by 3 points. Frosh Coach Tommy Thompson has an added
    incentive. Thompson has never beaten the Lehigh fresh men in his six years
    at the school. Saturday, the Thundering Herd travels to Lafayette for a
    tough road game. Last week the Bisons defeated the Lafayette frosh 61 - 52 ,
    but on the Leopards' home court

Heading: a
Content: victory will be more difficult.

Heading: CLASS OF 1971
Content: 

Heading: Film Series
Content: 

Heading: "CONFRONTATION
Content: 

Heading: AT KENT STATE"
Content: 

Heading: A Documentary
Content: 

Heading: Saturday, February 13, 1971
Content: 

Heading: 8:00 P. M.
Content: 

Heading: Vaughn Lit. Auditorium
Content: 

Heading: F R E E
Content: 

Heading: A  DYLAN MASTERPIECE.
Content: 

Heading: "It came on the radio in the late
Content: 

Heading: afternoon and from the first note it was right.
Content: 

Heading: Bob Dylan bringing it all back home again.
Content: 

Heading: "Then 'New Morning' [title song] came
Content: 

Heading: on. Like an early mist. So clean, so sweet. 'This
Content: 

Heading: must be the day that all my dreams come true.'
Content: 

Heading: What a love song! What a message to all of us
Content: 

Heading: blinded as we are by paranoia, grimly trying
Content: 

Heading: to see through the murk and the smoke and
Content: 

Heading: the blood. 'So happy just to be alive
Content: 

Heading: underneath the sky of blue . . . '
Content: 

Heading: "God it's beautiful. . .  it is the most
Content: 

Heading: reassuring thing that has happened this year
Content: 

Heading: of the bombings."
Content: 

Heading: -- Ralph J. Gleason,
Content: 

Heading: Rolling Stone
Content: 

Heading: "Put simply, 'New Morning' is a superb
Content: 

Heading: album
Content: 

Heading: ___
Content: 

Heading: If poetry can be a story that must
Content: 

Heading: be sent by telegraph, then this is certainly one
Content: 

Heading: of Dylan's foremost achievements as a poet.
Content: 

Heading: Words, music, singing, piano work, all of the
Content: 

Heading: highest order.
Content: 

Heading: "It seems almost superfluous to say that
Content: 

Heading: this is one of the best albums of the year, one
Content: 

Heading: of Dylan's best albums, perhaps his best. In
Content: 

Heading: good conscience, all I can really say is get it
Content: 

Heading: yourself and prepare to boogie."
Content: 

Heading: -- Ed Ward,
Content: 

Heading: Rolling Stone
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEBRUARY 12, 1971 % IBUIMII>> BM>nrmnrr firniwuin

Heading: Bob DyIan"New Morning
Content: 

Heading: On Columbia Records l
Content: 

Heading: and Tapes
Content: tt

Heading: mm
Content: 

Heading: x
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: tEEtEEEEEEEltEtEEiElEKiEEtEEIm

Heading: Herd Hits Winning Trail;
Content: 

Heading: Cagers Await MAC Foes
Content: 

Heading: Harvey Carter: Promising Center
Content: Harvey Warms Up. (photo by Bob Arnold) Throughout the disappointments and the
    joys of the 1970-1971 Bas ketball season BU fans have been thrilled by the
    outstanding play of Harvey Carter. Presently the team's leading scorer and
    rebound er, Carter is the nucleus of Buck- riell's promising sophomore team.
    Seldom has a quarter passed in Davis Gym when a roar from the crowd has not
    echoed as Harvey blocked an opponents shot. When asked how it feels to block
    such a shot, he said, "It's the best part of the game! You hate to see them
    score when you could have blocked it." This season has been somewhat
    disappointing to the BU center, as he believes the team " should have won
    some of the games they lost.' However, he is confident that the Bisons can
    even their record and attain at least a .500 mark for the year. He also
    feels the Bisons have an outside chance of gaining an MAC berth, but first
    they will have to win their remaining games. Le high is one team Carter
    really wants to beat, especially after Le high's victory in double-overtime
    over the Herd earlier this season. The toughest Bison foe, in Har vey's
    opinion, was Syracuse with their 6-11 center, who gave the team a real tough
    time. However, there is still the promising thought that Syracuse will play
    without their giant next year, while BU will return all but two players.
    Admittedly it was a rough mid dle of the season schedule for the Bluet but
    even though it got tougher to get up for the games as the losing streak
    lengthened, Carter notes that " No one wanted to quit, all the guys stayed
    with it." While quick to point out that this year's season is far from over,
    Harvey voiced his belief that the Bisons will be a team to reckon with in
    the future. He is really looking forward to playing with the freshmen who
    will be moving up next year"  as well as this year's sophomores. The frosh
    squad seem s to be " working well together and could help us next year."  He
    also remarked that a frosh victory always helped to psych the varsity squad
    for their game to follow. The big center feels that the team is constantly
    learning to play together, and in two years a lot can happen to a team. He
    credits Bucknell's victories to " five guys all playing together,"  rather
    than individual performances and backs this up by noting the evenly dis
    tributed scoring totals for the Bi son attack. Harvey has set high goals for
    himself and the team. He hopes to win MAC titles the next two years and to
    get to the NIT before he graduates from BU. To some, such a prediction is
    improbable, to others, an understatement, but to those who have watched,
    cheered and followed Bison basketball this year, these words must hold a
    promise for the future. Indeed the Big Blue will be a power to reckon with
    in the future led by such talented athletes as Harvey Carter. Harvey Carter
    receives congratulations from his teammates. The super sophomore leads the
    team in both rebounds and scoring. (photo by Bob Arnold)

Heading: A Female Bounce
Content: 

Heading: Basketball in
Content: 

Heading: Gym
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL BU's varsity cagers carry an 8-10 record into tonight's game
    against Lehigh. The Herd will be trying to avenge a 2 point loss in triple
    over time incurred earlier in the sea son. Lehigh features the leading re
    bounder in the MAC Western Sec tion in 6'7"  Greg Falkenbach. The Engineers
    also have guard John Waters who is averaging over 17 points a game. Last
    Tuesday the Bisons whipped Gettysburg 74-63 behind the strong scoring and
    rebounding of sopho more Harvey Carter to break a seven game losing streak.
    Carter, who scored 22 points, was also an intimidating figure on de fense
    with several blocked shots. He is currently averaging 14.1 points per game.
    Despite Carter's heroics, the Herd only led by 3 points at inter mission,
    35-32. They increased their advantage to at least 10 points throughout most
    of the second period. Gettysburg managed a drive however, late in the game,
    to pull to within 5 with a minute left. Switching to a spread-type of fense,
    the Bisons forced the Bullets to gamble and consequently scored 3 layups to
    ice the game. Dave Greenwood and Paul Biko scored 14 and 13 points
    respectively for the Herd. Chris Riley added 11, all in the second half.
    Harvey Carter pulled down 14 re bounds, while Dave Greenwood grabbed 11. The
    Bisons' team re bounding edge over the Bullets was significantly large,
    38-20. Gettysburg is now 2-16 and is win less against MAC opponents. Rick
    Kershaw with 21 and Jay Bucher with 13 led the Bullet scoring. BU has
    another important MAC game Saturday at Lafayette. The Bisons will have a
    difficult chore on the Leopards' home grounds in trying to reverse an
    earlier defeat. Lafayette is 13-6 on the season including a 92-74 win over
    Lehigh last Tuesday. The Leopards own one of the leading scorers in the
    nation in junior Tracy Tripucka. Tripucka is the leading point man in the
    Western Section of the MAC.

Heading: Tennis
Content: Anyone interested in playing on the tennis team, who has not yet contacted Coach
    Craig Reynolds, please do so immediately

Heading: Keen Lecture Presents
Content: 

Heading: 'World of Possibilities'
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXHI -- NO. 29
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16. 1971
Content: !U 1 i p . Dave Greenwood goes up for the basket. This type of driving basket
    ball was typical of the Bison's of fensive last Tuesday as they de feated
    Gettysburg 74-63 to halt a seven game losing streak. (photo by Bob Arnold)

Heading: an evening with
Content: 

Heading: ROBERTA
Content: 

Heading: FLACK
Content: 

Heading: Fill.FEB. 19- 8 10PM
Content: 

Heading: MAYOR CENTER
Content: K M  COLLEGE-LANCASTER^* $ 3 .5 0  F&M students

Heading: $4.50 gm.adm.
Content: Ticket Locations: CAMPUS HOUSE & SW ITCHBOARD STA N 'S RECO RD BAR LANCASTER,
    DISC-W ORLD -  Y O R K M A L L C EN TR A L TIC KET AGENCY, C O LO N IAL
    HOTEL, YORK, PA. For Further Information: (717) 393-3621 By ED MARSTON The
    Class of 1956 Lecture was de livered Monday evening by Dr. J. Ernest Keen,
    professor of psy chology. The lecture was entitled J Toward a Psychology of
    Passi- Dility." The lecture was well-attended, so much so that the overflow
    crowd caused the lecture to be moved from a classroom in -Coleman Hall to
    Olin Science Auditorium. Keen presented a radical new ap proach to
    conciousness, articulated in terms of a world of possibilities as opposed to
    a world of actual ities, and he talked about the im plications of such an
    approach for science and for human relations. He began by saying that
    science, and psychology in particular, is grounded in the belief that
    natural laws can be discovered by the rig orous application of scientific
    method to the question of truth or falsity. Therefore the scientist asks "
    how?"  and believes that gradual elimination of error will yield the essence
    of the system being in vestigated. In believing that there a singular,
    correct answer the scientist searches for " actualities." This approach,
    according to Keen, necessarily excludes another entire ly different way of
    looking at man and the world--as possibilities rather than actualities. He
    suggested that one look at an other person not to see him as he is, but "to
    see him as he could be or should be."  This involves a basic restructuring
    of consciousness a- round a revised theory of truth. The theory of
    possibilities recog nizes that the only thing that is true about the world
    is the ex istence of other possibilities. Form ative judgements become
    irrele vant when it is clear that the es sence of what a person or thing is
    lies in what he or it could become. For example, when the clinical
    psychologist deals with a mentally troubled person he can regard his
    patient's personal world as either a misperceived or insane world, or he can
    treat it instead as a pos sible world in which one might live. In the later
    case the therapist makes no moral judgment about the validity of his
    patient's ex perience and himself makes no claim to normalcy. The question
    then becomes not whether the experience of the pati ent is right or wrong,
    but whether he can live comfortably with his experience. If not, then
    treatment would consist of exploring other possible worlds. In speaking
    about the therapist's relationship to the patient Keen said, " To find him
    incomprehen sible is to confirm his actuality and deny his possibility."
    That is, if the patient is made to believe that he is only what he is seen
    to be, sick or insane, then has no basis on which to choose among different
    possible mental states. Keen went on to say that the goals of a science of
    possibilities would be to explore different ways (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: TCht
Content: 

Heading: JMmdltan
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Top Administrators Assess
Content: 

Heading: Yale Tuition Payment Plan
Content: By ERIC RIESS Several top administrators includ ing the Pijesident expressed
    doubts this week that a plan simi lar to Yale University's Pay-as-you- Earn
    program for deferred tuition payments could be instituted here. In a reply
    to a letter sent out by McGeorge Bundy, president of the Ford Foundation,
    one of the private groups which Yale has selected for funds to finance the
    program Presi dent Charles H. Watts II stated that the University would be
    happy to take part in any study which the foundation institutes but declined
    to openly back the proposal. The Yale PAYE plan approved in principal by the
    board of trustees of Yale University, February 5, calls for $25 to $30
    million to be loaned out to students over the

Heading: Chenoweth Motion Passes
Content: 

Heading: Faculty Institutes Investigation
Content: By PAMELA MAY In its special meeting Monday the Faculty passed a substitute
    motion by Dr. Gene Chenoweth professor in the political science department
    prompting action in connection with the Harrisburg Six developments by a
    vote of 63-32. Adhering to general principles, the essence of the motion
    stated, " Our duty to the pursuit of truth necessitates resistance to any
    form

Heading: Dr. Lyons Denounces
Content: 

Heading: 'Monster Manunkind'
Content: 

Heading: J
Content: There's at least one sport on campus which allows its partici pants to have long
    hair. The sport is girl's basketball which is being tried cn an experimental
    basis this season. Thirty three girls tried out for the team and Margaret
    Peck, the team coach, has just released the roster of the twelve girls who
    will

Heading: Wrestlers Move to Colgate
Content: Donald Danser, 142 pound sophomore, has been called, " our most con- cistent
    wrestler for the year,"  by Coach Schumacher. This Saturday the grapplers
    are out to extend their record as they travel to face the Red Raiders of
    Colgate. (photo by Bob Arnold) compose this year's squad. The girls have
    already taken their first step in intercollegiate competition as they took
    on the Susquehanna cagers at home this afternoon. . Coach Peck would offer
    no evalu ation of the team until after the game as she adopted a " wait and
    see"  philosophy. Girls on this year's squad and their tentative positions
    are: Seniors--Laura Demarest-Center, Ronnie Hilles and Sue Uger-Guards, and
    Nancy Worrall-Center. Junior Kathy Kellogg -is a For ward. Sophomores--Marge
    Deck-Center and Donna McNeal-Forward. Freshmen--Gina Ambrose-Guard, Ann
    Peterson-Guard, Sandy Selby and Barb Senkowski-Forwards, and Yvonne
    Aavaglia-Guard.

Heading: | W HEN HUNGER STRIKES
Content: 

Heading: STRIKE BACK ! ! !
Content: 

Heading: CALL 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: PS A M P U S
Content: ------

Heading: WHATS PLAYTNGT
Content: -----

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: 8 FRIDAY. SATURDAY. SUNDAY
Content: 

Heading: MONDAY. TUESDAY 8
Content: 

Heading: February 12, 13, 14, 15, 16
Content: 

Heading: CHVCH-
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: Z
Content: 

Heading: I /
Content: 

Heading: is.
Content: 

Heading: I #i'vr
Content: 

Heading: QUITE SIMPLY,
Content: 

Heading: BEST AMERICAN FILM
Content: 

Heading: h
Content: 

Heading: th is
Content: 

Heading: YEAB!" -r?;;isr
Content: i ____ _______CUP MID SAVE-----------------

Heading: LOW COST, SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: SCHEDULED IMMEDIATELY
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: (212)490-3600
Content: PROFESSIONAL SCHEDULING SERVICE, lnc.| 545 Fifth Ave., New York City 10017 j
    There is a fee for our jervice^ ____ J

Heading: Leather Fashions
Content: 

Heading: BOOTS &
Content: 

Heading: SADDLE SHOP
Content: 

Heading: PARK Rd. R.D. 1.
Content: 

Heading: SELINSGROVE, PA.
Content: 

Heading: I MILE BEYOND
Content: 

Heading: ROLLING GREEN PARK
Content: 

Heading: DAILY 4:00 - 10:00 --
Content: 

Heading: SAT. 9:00 a.m. - 10:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEBRUARY 12, 1971

Heading: O lM lir
Content: 

Heading: / "The revenge^
Content: 

Heading: of the McLuhan
Content: 

Heading: generation.
Content: 

Heading: Go and see
Content: 

Heading: Groove Tube."
Content: 

Heading: -New York Times,
Content: 

Heading: T U B S
Content: 

Heading: "IT'S ONE HELL OF A FILi/i! A
Content: 

Heading: COLD, SAVAGE AND CHILLING
Content: 

Heading: COMEDY!'
Content: '--Bruce Williamson. PLAYBOY

Heading: "'CATCH-22' says many things
Content: 

Heading: that need to be said again and
Content: 

Heading: again! Alan Arkin's perform
Content: 

Heading: ance as Yossarian is great!"
Content: -- Joseph Morgenstern, NEWSWEEK Il nei 0M s CORPOSAIttS- A ASSOCIAI iOAi H i 11
    MVNU S AC ttUUtfS

Heading: A MIKE NICHOLS FILM
Content: 

Heading: CP
Content: ummmmim JHfNKUB 8 SSiR W iew E um fflM C M iM & w B m m eftroiE ^w w P flm jP w
    w im

Heading: G
Content: Mtiaatu. jw won i ORSON KEUES u bkou w ae w ntiiaiM ni <<W BiJW M im tiw TW iM
    SM << X M CmnW KM U i-- >> -- i BNiinin # #>> u << * << e * a w  _ _ j

Heading: jj
Content: 

Heading: FEATURE TIMES 7:00 AND 9:05
Content: y Q C fa ttiy v in tir r ir ir ir ififiC e By G. PETE BALARIAN Dr. Will Lyons,
    professor of eco nomics at Franklin and Marshall College and a '39 graduate
    of the University, spoke here Thursday night on the topic of our present
    economic revolution; the changes it is inducing now and its possible
    consequences in the future. Professor Lyons began his lecture with the
    implicit claim that there is in our present situation an eco nomic basis for
    a large-scale social change. Lyons emphatically stated, "Anyone who can
    remain calm in the present situation just doesn't understand it." Whereas
    change in the past has always been gradual and often not even noticable in
    one's lifetime, today change is occurring at such a** rapid pace that people
    cannot

Heading: Deadline Approaches
Content: 

Heading: For Spanish Holiday
Content: By JUNE HEIST AND In early December, James Ham- merlee, Director of Student Pro
    grams, attended the National En tertainment Conference in New York. While
    there, Group Travel Associates, Inc., Chicago, Illinois, was recommended as
    a reputable and inexpensive travel service. Be cause of the concern over
    legiti mate charter flights since the lea d er's Digest report to consum era
    (January), Mr. Hammerlee ob tained a second recommendation from the Federal
    Aviation Agency. With their approval, a spring vaca tion to " Costa del Sol"
    is now avail able to the University's students, staff, facility, and their
    immediate families. " Espana Special,"  the first holi day open to the
    University com munity will leave New York on March 19, and return March 27.
    Coinciding with spring break, the | tour costs $213.00 plus $18.00 tax.
    (Continued on Page 3) even keep up with it. "Technology has improved faster
    than its people,"  Lyons stated, " and it is on this basis that people are
    slowly becoming obsolete."  Past history has been marked by a cer tain
    economic stability which based itself upon the reality that the trade or
    occupation learned in one's youth would suffice as a means of economic
    subsistence for one's en tire lifetime. This is not so today, for with our
    rapid technological advance, one man may have to reorient his life style
    several times in the course of his life, and for many people this will be
    difficult, if not im possible. Thus, society finds itself gravitat ing
    toward a two-class system; those who are superfluous, and those who are
    within the system. The class of superfluous people has evolved over the
    course of the twentieth century. The process of typing individuals to
    machinery which they have no control over has become an institution of our
    modern society. There is no pride or workmanship left only the bore dom of
    sitting and watching the job go by. Lyons stated, " If you can point with
    pride to what you have done, it becomes meaningful, but on an assembly line
    this does not exist." Therefore, many people are sinking into a state of
    anonimity and our technology is presently wasting many lives. However, the
    situation is only progressing in a declivous manner in which man stands the
    chance of becoming obsolete by losing his in dividuality to the oncoming on
    slaught of IBM computers. According to Lyons, the most ex ploited class of
    people will be those within the system, especially the business leaders. The
    business ex ecutives' time is becoming so valu able that at $700.00 an hour
    who can afford not to work every moment. In addition, because their time is
    (Continued on Page 3) of pressure, whether stemming from within or without,
    that would diminish or violate our collective dedication to continuing
    inquiry both in teaching and research." " . . . .We reject, as unconscion
    able, any attempts by agents to manipulate University staff or stu dents so
    as to interfere with in quiry and learning." Finally referring to the
    specific issue its third paragraph, the adopted resolution reads: " In con
    nection with the indictment at Har risburg of six persons for alleged
    conspiracy, the University should consider if it may have been used by the
    government in the pending litigation. In any case, suspicion about the
    University, its staff and students, has mounted in our com munity and
    threatens the spirit of open discussion and criticism upon which higher
    education depends for its very being." The final paragraph provides that an
    investigating committee should be made up of 2 administra tors, 3 faculty
    and 2 students, ap pointed by the President, to pre sent a " progress
    statement"  if not a final report by the concluding faculty meeting of this
    academic year. Much debate centered on adopted amendments deleting specific
    re ferences to the U.S. government-- the. faculty feeling that a more
    general rendering was necessary to include condemnation of any un dercover
    agent from any source. In the original motion of Dr. Charles Longley and Mr.
    Jerome Rinkus, assistant professors of po litical science and Russian respec
    tively. Rinkus explained the need for action and concern. He acknow ledged
    that some might consider the motion " too obvious,"  " . . . . We all know
    this type of (inform ing) activity goes on."  However, he continued, "
    Perhaps we've be come too sophisticated about in telligence collecting. A
    little nai vete might do us more good."  His justification proceeded, " We
    really do not live in a free and open society. . . .  It is obsessed with
    security."  The result, be furthered, is that, " We are gradually losing
    those freedoms which distinguish us from totalitarian states." In a written
    statement presented at the meeting, Dr. David Lu, pro fessor of history
    opposed faculty (Continued on Page 3) next five years. Students would have
    up to 35 years to pay back the loan at the rate of .4% of their yearly
    income for every $1,000 borrowed. According to President Watts, there are
    two major problems which must be overcome, or at least studied in great
    detail before any program resembling Yale's can even be attempted on a large
    scale. " The social effects of shifting the burden of payment for the
    college education from the parents to the students themselves must be stud
    ied. Plus the somewhat hidden problem which would arise if this became the
    national pattern and colleges and universities saw this as simply a route to
    greater fi nancial reward." The President continued, " We have no hard
    evidence on the first point and the study of the second problem leads to a
    study of the efficiency of higher education. This calls into question the
    role of the University and what we think we are trying to do." Trustees of
    the Ford Foundation announced February 5 that they have appropriated
    $500,000 for " studies and staff activities"  on experimental PAYE projects
    over the next year. Dr. Watts commented, " I would be happy to be part of
    any study which tiie Ford Foundation under takes and have expressed this
    sent iment to Mr. Bundy. John F. Zeller, vice president of business and
    administration, com menting on the plan at the presi dent's request, noted
    that the prob lem which higher education faces is twofold but that the Yale
    PAYE plan addresses only one part of the problem. He said, " What is needed
    is a twofold attack on a twofold prob lem ," (1) Alleviation of the
    financial (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: ABS Offers Scholarships
Content: 

Heading: Conferences Probe Interaction and Involvement
Content: By TERRY ELLIS " Human Interaction"  and " Stu dent Involvement in the Univers
    ity" are the two national con ferences to be attended by Uni versity
    representatives, under the sponsorship of the ABS Conference Committee.
    Selected in accordance with the goal of " social good"  established by the
    committee, these confer ences will accommodate approxi mately eight
    students. Applications to attend are open to the entire campus, while
    according to com mittee guidelines, the personal se lection of
    representatives will be " in keeping with consideration of the 'social good'
    as potential con ferees are evaluated on the basis of the manner in which
    they will be able to enrich the University with the experience gained by at
    tending the conference." " Human Interaction,"  sponsored by the NTL
    Institute for Applied Behavioral Sciences, convenes on Feb. 26-28 at their
    conference cen ter at Stony Point, New York. This organization has
    established a series of weekend laboratories focusing on one topic ranging
    from " Being a Liberated Woman"  to " Community Development" The purpose of
    the " Human In teraction"  seminar is to aid people in more fully realizing
    their po tential to have productive and sat isfying relationships. Through
    be havioral reactions to their own social system, the conferees ex amine
    their individual contribu tion to relationships. In response to what benefit
    this individualized experience would have for the University, Pete

Heading: ABS Slate
Content: The following is the prelimin ary slate for ABS offices: President Bob Nachshin
    Jim Lackritz Vice President Lou Bucceri Russ Pais Treasurer Chuch Resnick
    Recording Secretary Debbie Wright Corresponding Secretary Sue Conn Sharon
    Gavin Pamela May Janet Russo Anyone interested in being on the final slate
    should pick up a petition at the Dean of Student Affairs' office. Holmes,
    chairman of the commit tee stated, " The committee views this conference as
    a kind of scholar ship. Just by sharing the new know ledge they've gained,
    they will add to the University community. It's the kind of thing an
    individual couldn't afford himself, but with funds from the committee he
    would have the opportunity." Possibly four people could at tend, with the
    committee paying for tuition and conference fees and the individuals paying
    a share for food, lodging, and transportation. The second conference,
    "National Conference on Student Involvement in the University" , is
    sponsored by Northwestern University and Bowl ing Green University on March
    5 and 6. Operating under the theme " In Common Cause,"  the confer ence will
    respond to the increased student participation in the Uni versity structure,
    and will " discuss problems and propose new pro grams and solutions in
    working with the administration, alumni, and other members of the university
    community." This conference has direct bear ing upon student organizations,
    especially ABS, at the University. Again, four students will be chosen to
    attend this conference. n M T O R R H 7 >> #

Heading: Mi
Content: 

Heading: Two Views on Protest
Content: 

Heading: The mass protest
Content: 

Heading: ineffectual gesture as far as
Content: 

Heading: doing somet the march. The follow-
Content: 

Heading: S r ^ e d
Content: 

Heading: S S ^ e n
Content: 

Heading: t  different Points of view concerning the
Content: 

Heading: validity of various forms of protest.
Content: 

Heading: * Effectiveness' of Demonstration
Content: Draft Cards Returned Constructive Action?

Heading: The recent invasion of Laos made
Content: 

Heading: most of us feel that some type of
Content: 

Heading: ac
Content: 

Heading: tion" was necessary to protest this new
Content: 

Heading: est disregard for human life. W e had to
Content: 

Heading: "do something." Some of us acted on
Content: 

Heading: this impulse and demonstrated m  front
Content: 

Heading: of the Federal Office Building m Lewis-
Content: 

Heading: burg Did this demonstration really ac
Content: 

Heading: complish anything constructive?
Content: 

Heading: If we want to end this war in a way
Content: 

Heading: that won't allow a new war to develop
Content: 

Heading: #somewhere else, we must broaden our
Content: 

Heading: i E  Of "action." Thinking and living
Content: 

Heading: purposefully are constructive forms of
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: lu st as much as demonstrating is
Content: 

Heading: although the former may sometimes be
Content: 

Heading: mistaken as apathy.
Content: 

Heading: A concern for effectiveness is shared
Content: 

Heading: by both the demonstrators and the Nixon
Content: 

Heading: Administration The question weshouM
Content: 

Heading: be asking ourselves is : should effective
Content: 

Heading: W - b e a  valid measure for our actions ?
Content: 

Heading: Should we do what is most effective even
Content: 

Heading: if it is de-humanization? In our idealism
Content: 

Heading: we have endeavored to eliminate hypoC'
Content: 

Heading: risy. Are we destined to fall prey to the
Content: 

Heading: greatest of all rationalizations: the ends
Content: 

Heading: justify the means? What we want to see
Content: 

Heading: established are humane ways of dealing
Content: 

Heading: with humanity, and the only way to do
Content: 

Heading: this is to treat people as people, even if
Content: 

Heading: it seems to be "ineffective.
Content: 

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: reasons
Content: 

Heading: for
Content: 

Heading: demonstrating
Content: 

Heading: should be reconsidered. Is the agreement
Content: 

Heading: of many people a sign of ^ortre,?tn^
Content: 

Heading: h
Content: 

Heading: Can a demonstrating crowd talk with
Content: 

Heading: neople or do they tend to shout at im
Content: 

Heading: personal passersby? To what degree is
Content: 

Heading: a demonstration an attempt to vj^en ty
Content: 

Heading: persuade others by wielding
Content: 

Heading: implicit
Content: 

Heading: power over them?
Content: 

Heading: What are the alternatives? That de
Content: 

Heading: pends on what our goals are, since we
Content: 

Heading: are striving to unite the m
Content: 

Heading: ^  and the
Content: 

Heading: ends. And because we are not free of that
Content: 

Heading: which we are still struggling against,
Content: 

Heading: our vision of the goal must alsobecloud-
Content: 

Heading: ed All we can do is head towards it, and
Content: 

Heading: as'we approach it discover more of the
Content: 

Heading: goal.
Content: 

Heading: But how do we head towards it.
Content: 

Heading: Each individual must discover that tor
Content: 

Heading: himself. Any real change in the world is
Content: 

Heading: going to come about through individuals
Content: 

Heading: discovering more and more abdegut them-
Content: 

Heading: selves. Getting lost in a crowd does not
Content: 

Heading: seem to help us achieve this.
Content: 

Heading: We do not support apathy. Rather,
Content: 

Heading: we support working towards a new life.
Content: 

Heading: We do not support inaction. Rath(r)J' dY
Content: 

Heading: support the very painful process of dis
Content: 

Heading: associating ourselves of politics and at
Content: 

Heading: tempting to build something human m
Content: 

Heading: the emptiness that is left.
Content: 

Heading: GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: Chicago Concert Explained
Content: By ANDREW MEYER Draft Cards Returned

Heading: There are some individuals who de
Content: 

Heading: serve the respect and wholehearted en
Content: 

Heading: dorsement of the Buckndl community
Content: 

Heading: for their acts of courage last Wednesday.
Content: 

Heading: These are the seven students who ex
Content: 

Heading: pressed strong individual committment
Content: 

Heading: against the Widening W ar and the mili
Content: 

Heading: tary in general by turning in their draft
Content: 

Heading: cards to the local draft board.
Content: 

Heading: The rest of those participating in
Content: 

Heading: the entire meeting-march-protest debacle
Content: 

Heading: merit nothing less than a verbal repn-
Content: 

Heading: mand for their self-deceiving and ineffec
Content: 

Heading: tive conduct. When one considers that
Content: 

Heading: some of those who merely stood by man
Content: 

Heading: aged to find comfort and satisfaction in
Content: 

Heading: their roles as spectators, the general non
Content: 

Heading: activity of those "participating becomes
Content: 

Heading: even more incredible.
Content: 

Heading: Of course, the preponderance of
Content: 

Heading: heart-rendering, soul-searching rhetoric
Content: 

Heading: made it easy for these nPn' c0^
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: tef
Content: 

Heading: spectators to assuage their feelings of
Content: 

Heading: importance and futility by convincing
Content: 

Heading: themselves that their participation in the
Content: 

Heading: march was actually effective
Content: 

Heading: In some
Content: 

Heading: way this protest will have a direct in
Content: 

Heading: fluence on the Administration and will
Content: 

Heading: speed the end of our spreading military
Content: 

Heading: involvement in Southeast Asia.
Content: 

Heading: After
Content: 

Heading: all,
Content: 

Heading: the Bucknell
Content: 

Heading: Official
Content: 

Heading: March and Protest against the Laotian
Content: 

Heading: Incursion did make the Associated Press
Content: 

Heading: wires, didn't it? Some of the spectatdegrs
Content: 

Heading: did feel sufficiently motivated by all of
Content: 

Heading: the commotion to affix their names to a
Content: 

Heading: complicity statement, didnt they *
Content: 

Heading: the marchers did sing songs and break
Content: 

Heading: bread and pass out literature. didn
Content: 

Heading: they? Now if that isn't good effective
Content: 

Heading: protest, what is?
Content: 

Heading: Before this question can be answer
Content: 

Heading: ed a distinction must be made. If we
Content: 

Heading: allow the "effectiveness
Content: 

Heading: of the action
Content: 

Heading: to become the overriding criterion for
Content: 

Heading: iudging its " goodness," we must then
Content: 

Heading: attempt to face the problem of the justi
Content: 

Heading: fication of means which are designed to
Content: 

Heading: accomplish
Content: 

Heading: admirable
Content: 

Heading: ends;
Content: 

Heading: at wnaf
Content: 

Heading: point does the
Content: 

Heading: concern
Content: 

Heading: for effectiveness
Content: 

Heading: outweigh the nature of the actions. If
Content: 

Heading: the bombing at Wisconsin University
Content: 

Heading: that took one student's life could have
Content: 

Heading: guaranteed an end to U.S. j ^ ^ ^ H o n
Content: 

Heading: volvement in Vietnam, would that action
Content: 

Heading: then be justified?
Content: 

Heading: Unfortunately (or fortunately, de
Content: 

Heading: pending upon one's point of view) those
Content: 

Heading: participating in the march ch osen otto
Content: 

Heading: face such a problem. Perhaps apathy
Content: 

Heading: (coupled with guilty consciences) or in
Content: 

Heading: dividual committments by those deeply
Content: 

Heading: concerned would be preferable to the
Content: 

Heading: political masturbation effected by mass
Content: 

Heading: protest.
Content: Since I h .v . been asked s - n .  7 " many different tones of voice, I suppose
    I should attempt we do the things we do. . . er First, why two shows for ^
    presented two shows in toePastijB ut what 3<<<< ? m a n ce That is a by Feb.
    2 we had completely soW out the _ pe ^  ^  attempt to most interesting
    statement, (r) n ^ e n t s ,  we hadn't put save as many tickets as^possible
    for ^ the foflow- any tickets on sale until Feb. 1- W . hundreds of
    complaints

Heading: S
Content: dilemma. W . * * * M e " * 'i

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: Com m ittm ent
Content: To the Editor: The meeting on Tuesday night, concerning the Laotian invasion,
    disturbed m e because it made clear, through all its chaos, that no or>>
    knew what was going on or had been going on previous to the meeting.
    Professor Rinkus seemed to make a plea for the individual to ed ucate
    himself about the issues and then make a moral commitment, but he bored
    people. There was strong desire on the part of some to make some kind of
    symbolic protest. My own belief is that sym bolic protests are too visceral
    to mean much, especially if they are to become the basic expression of the
    protest. It should also be ap- . .. ,i \T:.,nn o/wmni QrTA- peace and this
    must be an articu late one. The suggestions to can vass and to write letters
    to legisla tors made little impression, winch was not too suprising. The
    form letters were rather slow movers at the Strike last May, and I doubt
    that many original letters were sent earlier. Articulating the peace
    movement is the responsibility of every member in it. It is too bad that
    more can't or don't do it. The claim that canvassing and writing do not work
    is founded on the shaky ground that we ve tried it before. We did not try it
    more than twice in real earnest last year and that cannot be expected to be
    enough,

Heading: even
Content: under ideal conditions. Even skilled lobbyists accept the fact that it takes a
    great deal of time and a great deal of the protest. It should also be ap-
    deal oi ume - <<  governmental

Heading: s E A i s s - . i - i -
Content: tion is very adept at using these symbolic protests to create them own symbols
    about the peace m ove ment. What we need, as some suggest ed, is a sustained
    commitment to policies. But we must take the time and build up the pressure
    until it is overwhelming. The war goes on, in part, because Congressmen,
    receiving blizzards of letters from hard-hat super

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEBRUARY 16, 1971 patriots, from my-country-right-or- wrong types, from
    religious zealots who want to kill a commie for Christ, and from the
    uninformed and the misinformed, think they are listening to the voice of the
    ma jority. We must convince them that the real voice of this country is
    demanding peace. And this means letters, pressure, visits, not only from
    students but from all sectors of our society. We have an enorm ous job to
    convince people that this must be done. And we will not convince them if,
    instead of making the effort ourselves, we en gage in visceral responses and
    sym bolic protests. Attitudes change very slowly. Anyone can feel outraged
    and shocked by this war, but the need for peace is too immediate for us to
    function at the thalamic level. Our feelings and beliefs must be articulated
    in such a way that we can communicate them to other people, particularly
    those who do not already share them. Sincerely, Eric D. Jones ing dilemma.
    We would either have to ^ had friends com- which we were receiving from
    Bucknell expiore  the pos-V ing and were unable to g e t tic^ ' deg r T L
    Bucknell community to see sibilities of allowing more members of the Bucxneu

Heading: cra"r,,w
Content: 

Heading: r*J
Content: reason should be evident by lootang! u { concerts because schools. Penn State I
    t o v e r s i^ k *  ca n ceU ^ a U te^ te to cancel its concerts for the
    rest ot vne yc tickets for its concerts. At morale problem because of toe ^
    h *falth y PSconcert organizations left in the moment, we are one ct lne
    presented approximately one

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: in an excellent con" j " " h ^ ^ a y  to preserve our concert Our feeling was,
    therefore, that th eb e y _ ? ble i^ id e  the gym, system would be to allow
    as many peop the gym . Ergo, two instead of having

Heading: ^ . contend
Content: w t t h t ^ o u t o l d e  << J B J  ^ shows. We felt that dissatisfac i CHICAGO
    instead of creating -

Heading: ,,  ' r
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: K
Content: 

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: a >> , --
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: v, -
Content: question is a bit more ^ ^ L ^ ^ S T T i c k e t  system three years ago When we
    first organized the beascm n cx ei >> twQ ^ ows we never had any idea that
    we wou , jdea we would be* Davis Gym. In fact, until Feb. 2 we <^ ^ ^ ^ a s
    i z e that toe presenting two shows in Davis G y m ^ . entirely due to toe
    volume- success of toe concert s e n e s ra* ^ ^ d i s c o u n t  store
    which buys more buying, volume-selling (similar t System which we have been
    for less, and can sell for less) show, however,

Heading: S
Content: t ^0 everyone concerned. Legal Matters . Once << have s.ld  . ^ show, we are
    forced to have certain financial committ- same show. This is because we ha
    certain ticket structure

Heading: in e n te ^
Content: C r a ^ G O to a ^ y b g a te g that structure is by ac tor a certain show. The
    only way we the_ m effect, selling a cepting refunds for a ticket at o n e .
    previoUsly agreed upon new ticket ($5 50 the late show>> at_ ^ / ^ e we are
    legally unable

Heading: K
Content: m S  reshufflPSthe season ticket to S c m refund, and then purchase an other
    regular ticket like know how many p e o S r

Heading: gS
Content: 

Heading: sm
Content: 

Heading: it
Content: concert 7000 ticket holf , d^ ld(r)d,, ^ould b e ^  a position where 70M p ^ l e
    g i m a S  h ate tickets to see CHICAGO but we would h a v e ^ turn most of
    them away. Thp first Beyond all of this confuswn l wM tffqutte honestly,
    never is that it seems we h*ve_ " ^ (r) we tr;ed to puU this whole occurred
    to us in early Feb(tm) r^, nrf , We reauy had no idea that operation into
    action within a parlv show However, I have been the late show would be
    preferred

Heading: to toe
Content: early show, m w o

Heading: ^
Content: ^

Heading: or
Content: assured by CHICAGO that tbe^ ^ t d Tears sly and others)

Heading: irsrSsvawr.
Content: - a certain hour but would be through l mQregt0 gQ t0 the second show These
    students are now fo^ to p y (r) ^ begins. So, any since they have to work
    until after the ^ . ^ " X r  performance time student who has t e e n . ^
    co"y. ti which restricts toem from going to because of legitimate job
    obllSSftion originally the 7:30 show, (while they wouidhave been able t o m
    a ^ late scheduled 8:30 show), !^ X th ^ d d fe r e n c e  in price. Please
    enclose your

Heading: S
Content: n

Heading: S
Content: t s ^ o f C x ^ r

Heading: K
Content: e letter, and enclose a brief explanation of the conflict. mattprc please try to
    remember that I hope this ^

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: V
Content: i i e n t  S a

Heading: S
Content: working for you, and the Concert Committee is a stud {irmly ^  mind j  ^ every
    decision we make p ridavP night wiU answer all remainJfe CHICAGO'S
    performance on Friday nigni questions.

Heading: Comments?
Content: The BUCKNELLIAN is interested in receiving comments from an members of the
    community con cerning any topics of concern. Ad dress letters and columns to
    Em- torials Editor, BUCKNELLIAN.
    MEtEEEEEEEEtEtEEKEtiEEimEEEEEEEtlKEmtEEEEEEEtEtEEEElIEEEElEEIiEEElESEEt #B H

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: .......
Content: 

Heading: Psychology Lecture
Content: 

Heading: Editorial Board
Content: The Editorial Board meets at 6:36 on Monday and 4:00 on

Heading: Friday in
Content: Hunt Formal Living Room. AH in terested members of the academic community are
    welcome.

Heading: %\tt
Content: 

Heading: fftttikneUian
Content: O m C IA L ST U D K N T N E W SPA P E H of of MaAh 3, 1879. *

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON
Content: 

Heading: Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: rrrtrv BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM t. To review any an^ integrity-. tory when
    appropriate, and to prrntjn consensuJ opinion of the S X r T ^ J S 'c o lu m
    n a  present the views only of the authors. O ffice: F och iCons: P ristin e
    Co.. 229 M arket Street, insultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221 523-4221

Heading: Funds
Content: Any group in need of funds for any university program, contact Bob Nachshin,
    B-264 before Thurs day morning.

Heading: Environment
Content: Five students are needed to serve on the Environmental Co ordinating and
    Advisory Commit tee. This committee is responsible for the preparation of an
    analysis of the University as a functioning eco-system. Any interested
    student should pick up an interest sheet from the Dean of Student Affairs
    office, Marts Hall. For further in formation call Pete Holmes at 1993.

Heading: Suggestions
Content: Anyone with suggestions of plays for possible Cap and Dagger major productions
    during the 1971-72 aca- denmic year, please send them to Box B-772 by March
    1. All sugges tions will be considered.

Heading: Swim Team
Content: The women's swim team meet with Elizabethtown State College has been re-
    scheduled for 7:30 p.m . Thurs., Feb. 18 in Freas-Rooke pool.

Heading: Discussion
Content: Professor Douglas Heath of the classics department will present a discussion on
    "The Classic In fluence in Western Tradition"  Feb. 16 at 7:0 p.m . in Carey
    House Lounge. Interested students are welcome.

Heading: Apology
Content: In an article on Ziegler Dispen sary appearing in The Bucknellian last Friday,
    February 12, the author implied that the general fee of $150.00 is used
    solely for medical purposes. Such an implication was not intended, and the
    author apolo gizes for the statement. In fact, only part of the general fee
    covers student medical expenses.

Heading: R. A. Application
Content: Applications for residence in Carey House, i. e ., International House, are
    available in Carey House lounge Feb. 15 to Mar. 15. Applicants may be men or
    women and, although language majors must be considered first, all in
    terested students are urged to ap ply. H there are further questions, please
    contact Professor Fouche (1120) or Chellie Colio (1318).

Heading: Photo Club
Content: The Photography Club will meet tonight at 7:00 p.m . in Roberts Hall in the dark
    room across from the post office.

Heading: Seminar
Content: On Saturday, C.A. is sponsoring a seminar with the warden and other officials
    from Lewisburg Penitentiary. Sign up at the C.A. office.

Heading: Pay-As- You-Earn
Content: ( 2 ) (Continued from Page 1) burden born by students and parents. Controlling
    if not reducing the cost of higher education nationally" Zeller went on to
    say, " PAYE proposals present an interesting possibility for assisting the
    student and family to manage their budget but they speak only to toe first
    part of toe problem. We are closer than we realize to toe point at which the
    public may revolt against continued increase in cost and PAYE pro posals
    will be most unapropriate and seen only as a device to wring additional
    dollars out of toe al ready harlpressed budgets without accompanying
    justification on a hard dollar and cents basis." Zeller went on to ask major
    ques tions such as, toe relationship of this program to already existing
    scholarship and loan programs, not ing that now, the student with toe best
    chance of making a large in come after he graduates is given a scholarship
    but under toe PAYE plan this person would be toe best risk for a loan. The
    Vice President also question ed the source of the money, whether it be on an
    institutional basis donated by independent or ganizations such as Ford or
    The Sloan Foundation, or through a na tional lending agency which could
    perhaps do the job more efficiently. In connection with this Zeller raised
    the possibility of using toe federal income tax system to guar- entee
    repayment of loans and per haps providing incentives through the tax
    structure for repayment. Dr. Wendel I. Smith, Provost ad ded his comments to
    those of Zel ler's raising the point that rela tively prestigeous colleges
    like Yale can afford a system of deferred payments, because of their large
    endowment fund, but that unless toe program is done on a national basis it
    will be of little use to colleges of Bucknell's caliber. (Continued from
    Page 1) of looking at phenomena instead of trying to distill objective
    facts. Hypotheses, which appear to be offered as possibilities, Keen called
    " tentative actualities"  since they presume toe existence of a final
    answer. Speaking of the reordering of society around the theory of pos
    sibility, Keen placed much of the blame for present violence on toe belief
    that two different views of the truth must ultimately be re duced to one. He
    said, " We im pinge on others' possible worlds only because we forget that
    they are possible worlds." This does not mean that toe stands we take are
    groundless, but rather that toe adjudication of the truth must be liberation
    and not a closing off of possibilities.

Heading: Faculty
Content: (Continued from Page 1) action by stating basically: 1) 2 ) 3) 4) 'The alleged
    conspiracy case has not been proven." There are practical difficul ties in
    controlling the pres ence of informers. The study-release program for toe
    inmates of the federal penitentiary in Lewisburg is being jeopardized.
    Paradoxically, the motion" in- sulates the academy"  by " iso lating" it
    from toe "  'con tamination' by the ills of toe government or of toe world."

Heading: Lyons Lecture
Content: 

Heading: Spain
Content: (Continued from Page 1) This cost includes toe flight to and from Malaga, Spain,
    and ground transportation to and from Tor- remolinos-Fuengirola. Also
    included are seven nights lodging in modem condominium apartments in Tor-
    remolinos-Fuengirola and toe use of a rental car for each group of four
    participants. Those persons interested in the Spanish vacation should
    contact Mr. Hammerlee. A deposit of $50.00 is required by February 19.
    Following this, Group Travel Associates will send each prospective traveler
    in formation on visas, passports, health regulations, etc. Approximately
    twenty people have already registered for toe tour, which is also open to
    people from the State University of New York at Oneonta. (Continued from
    Page 1) so, they will never have toe time to enjoy their money. Thus, the
    magical workings of our " Protes tant Ethic,"  combined with a new strain of
    technology, leave us with a wasted life devoid of personal human
    relationships, toe time to think, or read a book. Lyons posed the questions
    simply, " Are we liv ing to work or are we working to live?" Lyons captured
    toe essence of the situation with these words, " The fight is between toe
    indi vidual and his ability to cope with a society which he has no control
    over."  Indeed, this whole mechan ism is out of control, and even a complete
    awareness of it is often not enough to evade its gravata- tional force. Any
    social revolution that does take place will be in response to the
    realization of a technological society that is wasting human po tential and
    ultimately human life.

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    Area Code 717 A small fee is charged _____ __ ____ CLIP ANO SAVE.

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: LOW COST, SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: SCHEDULED IMMEDIATELY
Content: (212) 490-3600

Heading: I
Content: I PROFESSIONAL SCHE0ULIN6 SERVICE, Inc. |

Heading: I
Content: 545 Fifth Ave., New York City 10017 j There is a fe^for our service1_ _ _  J

Heading: Leather Fashions
Content: 

Heading: BOOTS &
Content: 

Heading: SADDLE SHOP
Content: 

Heading: PARK Rd. R.D. 1.
Content: 

Heading: SELINSGROYE, PA.
Content: 

Heading: 1 MILE BEYOND
Content: 

Heading: ROLLING GREEN PARK
Content: 

Heading: DAILY 4:00 - T0:00 --
Content: 

Heading: SAT. 9:00 a.m. - 10:00 p.m.
Content: =i)

Heading: The Bucknell Concert Committee
Content: 

Heading: Preaenta:-
Content: 

Heading: An Uncensored, Adult TV Satire
Content: 

Heading: GROOVE TUBE
Content: 

Heading: One Day Only! TOMORROW, IWed.l Feb. 17,
Content: 

Heading: Continuous Showings 3, 5, 7, 9, II. Maximum
Content: 

Heading: 250 people per show. Early shows suggested
Content: 

Heading: for guaranteed seats.
Content: 

Heading: Admission $1.50
Content: 

Heading: COLEMAN HALL THEATRE
Content: % i l i n m a iS \ gHBnWiHHHiMH KMI m MIMMMIMMMBIIIIIMHHMMIMMMMMHMI

Heading: 28
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: 6
Content: 

Heading: !
Content: 

Heading: W restling Squad Shows Strength;
Content: 

Heading: Matmen Overwhelm  Red Raiders
Content: 

Heading: Cagers Conquer Lehigh,
Content: 

Heading: Falter Against Leopards
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE The Thundering Herd trampled the Colgate Red Raiders into the
    mat 28-6 over the weekend. The Bison grapplers were aided in their
    overwhelming victory by the fact that Colgate's varsity 126 pounder and
    heavyweight did not wrestle. For the first time this year, the Bison matmen
    were able to sweep the first three bouts. Tom Wason started the Herd off
    right as he pinned his 118 pound opponent in six minutes. Jim Northridge
    brushed past his opponent with an easy 8-1 decision while junior Mark Ramage
    tidied up with a 10-4 win at 134. The Red Raiders then won their initial
    match as Don Danser drop ped a 6-2 decision. The Bison's top two wrestlers
    ex tended their records as Tom Riv- oire (9-2) won an easy 6-3 victory while
    A1 Loesch (10-1) squeaked by his 158 pound foe 6-5. Sophomore Jim Schutz
    found it hard going at 167 when he encount ered Colgate's captain Rich
    Koenig, and lost by a 5-1 tally. Koenig was one of the top wrestlers in the
    East last year as a junior. The BU grapplers cinched the victory in the
    final three weight classes as the " Masked Marvel," George Ballentine, upped
    his sea son's record to 7-3 by taking a well earned 7-4 decision. Ballentine
    wears a mask on his headgear be cause his nose is fractured but he hopes he
    will be able to wrestle without it in the near future. John Skinner, a
    fourth place finisher in the MAC'S last year at 190, wrestled his first
    varsity match of the year for the Bisons and re sponded with a fall 13
    seconds into the final period after building a comfortable 10 point lead.
    Freshman heavyweight Mark Currie closed things up for the day as he edged
    his way past Ed Natte for a 2-1 win.

Heading: Tankers Tame Lions
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: Prepare for M A C 's
Content: By MARK KNODERER The swimming team captured their eight victory of the year last
    Saturday as they buried Penn State, 78-34. This was Penn State's best team
    in the last several years but after the Bisons swept the first four events
    to move into a 31-3 lead the Lions offered only token opposition. The medely
    relay team of Dute Otto, Matt Slick, Skip Arlen, and Doug Storey opened die
    meet with an effort, with Alltn and Storey having their best times of the
    sea son. In the 1000 free Gary Norton overhauled co-captain Mike Huff-

Heading: Bisonettes Trounce Crusaders
Content: By GINA SMITH Aided by a height advantage and a fine overall team effort, the
    women's basketball team crushed the Susquehanna girls 57-28 on Fri day
    afternoon. High scorers were freshmen Barb Senkowski, with 14 points, atod
    Sandy Selby, with 12 points. This win marks the first game of the season for
    the newly-formed women's team. It also was the first time that many
    upperclass women played under the newly-adopted, full-court, five-player
    rules. Coach Margaret Peck was gen erally pleased with her team's work. "
    The girls played well indi vidually and in different combina tions. For many
    girls this first game involved picking up men's moves and adjusting to full
    court action,"  she explained. She noted, however, that with their superior
    height, the women should have controlled the rebounds off both bankboards
    and succeeded in blocking more of Susquehanna's shots. Some of the girl's
    weak nesses. she felt, could be attributed to the nervousness of a first
    game. The women's team was selected after tryouts last December. After
    several hours practice last semes ter, formal practices began Jan. 31. The
    girls practice approximately eight hours a week. Although the team does not
    be long to a league, it has scheduled matches with Penn State J.V. away on
    Thurs. Feb. 18, with Messiah College home on Feb. 23, and with Bloomsburg
    College away on March 4. Coach Peck is optimistic for her team. She cites
    that the team is a generally tall one, with heights ranging from 5'5% "  to
    5'11" . All of her players have had high school basketball experience. Aside
    from team play, a basket ball interest group, open to all wo men, meets on
    Thursday nights. Also, an intergroup basketball tour nament, involving
    sororities and in dependents, will begin at the end of March. The old six-
    player format will be used in these contests. man after 800 yards and won
    the event in 11:04.1. Peter O'Keeffe then came within one-tenth of a second
    of breaking the pool record of 2:04.3 in the 200

Heading: IM .
Content: In the 1 meter diving Bob Rich ards and Ron Farr regained their diving prowess
    and won easily. Skip Allen and Dute Otto sprinted to an easy sweep of the
    500, with Allen sprinting the last lap to win by two-tenth of a second. Matt
    Slick won the breastroke with his best time ever, 2:23.4. There are now
    three weeks left in the regular season. In that tune span, the team faces
    two very dif ficult opponents Rutgers and Le high. They then travel to
    Philadel phia for the MAC championships. The team has had only one goal for
    the season, and that is to reclaim the title they lost to the Lehigh
    Engineers last year. By ALAN GROCHAL By splitting two games over the
    weekend, the Bisons have moved up to third place in the MAC Western Section.
    A win over Lehigh, 60-50 last Fri day, pulled the Thundering Herd ahead of
    Delaware in the stand ings. Despite a loss to Lafayette, Saturday, the
    Bisons are 4-4 in the league and are now tied with Dela ware, who is 3-3.
    The Blue Hens were one of the most highly rated MAC teams in preseason
    polls, but the team has been hampered by injuries. For many of their recent
    games, Dela ware has been down to six players. The victory over Lehigh was
    one of the Bisons' most impressive performances of the year. Showing a new
    fastbreaking offense, the Herd was able to score many easy baskets. Harvey
    Carter played another fantastic game. He garnered eight een rebounds, scored
    twenty-three points, and blocked several shots. Carter hit on 75% of his
    shots from the field. Coach Don Smith gave fans a preview of next year's
    team when he played five sophomores through out a large part of the second
    half. Chris Riley, the only senior starter, first got into foul trouble and
    later injured his knee, to press sophomore Jack Darn all into ac tion.
    Damall responded with a solid performance. Riley still man aged eleven
    points despite his limited action. Outside shooting apparently spel led the
    difference in the game. BU was outrebounded and outshot from thet foul line
    by the Engi neers, but hit 50% of their shots to Lehigh's 37%. The win was
    certainly sweet re venge for the triple overtime loss which Lehigh inflicted
    on the Bi sons earlier in the season. Against Lafayette the Herd was n't
    quite as fortunate. Tracy Tn- pucka, one of the leading scorers in the
    nation, scored twenty-seven points to lead the Leopards to a 73-57 victory.
    For BU, Jim Donovan and Paul Biko scored twelve points each, but Harvey
    Carter, in foul trouble, was held to five.

Heading: Tennis
Content: There will be a tennis meeting tonight, Tuesday, February 16, at 7:00 p.m. in
    the Davis Gym class- room.

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: 

Heading: an evening with
Content: 

Heading: ROBERTA
Content: 

Heading: FLACK
Content: 

Heading: FRI.FEB.I9>> 8 30PM
Content: 

Heading: MAYSER CENTER
Content: 

Heading: FftM COLLEGELAHCASTER^ft
Content: 

Heading: $3.50 F&M students
Content: 

Heading: %k
Content: 

Heading: JO
Content: 

Heading: gciLadm.
Content: Ticket Locations: CAMPUS HOUSE 81 SWITCHBOARD STAN'S RECORD BAR LANCASTER DISC-
    WORLD -  YORK MALL CENTRAL TICKET AGENCY, COLONIAL HOTEL, YORK, PA. For
    Further Information: (717) 393 3621

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: FEB. 16, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..... iiiiiiiliiilillllllllHllllllllll1Hll>
    >HIIIIIUlllMllllllllUUllllUlWllUlllllllllllllllUUIllllllllllllifllllUmill|l|
    llllllllllllllllllllluullUUHUllllllllllillUllUUUlllllllllllnB@

Heading: 1 CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE 1
Content: 

Heading: I  . HOW OFFERS -  "FOOD FOR THOUGHT"
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Seven (7) Varieties ol Pizza
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: Eight (8) Choices oi Hoagies
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Three (3) Types of Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Four (4) Kinds oi Soil Drinks
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: CAUL GARY'S AT 523-9251 TO ORDER
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: All orders delivered C.O.D.-- To Your Door--
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: No Tax - No Take-out
Content: 

Heading: 1 Deliveries Sun. thru Thurs. 10t30 p.m. - Midnight j
Content: ^ i n . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
    iiiiiiiiiiiiim iiiiiiiiH m im H iiiiiiii<<iH H
    iinininiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinjiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiim im iM B
    iiiiniiiuiiiiiiiiuunnm iiiiiiiiiiiiiniiui=i g jo ix jo ijcsa a isisa e

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: SIS
Content: 

Heading: S T U D E N T  O P E R A T E D
Content: 

Heading: CLINIC
Content: 

Heading: LOW COST PREGNANCY TESTS
Content: 

Heading: ^ Information on:--
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: BIRTH CONTROL
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: ADOPTION
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: 9:00 # 10:00 P.M. Tuesday and Thursday
Content: 

Heading: 22 South Fifth Street - - - 524-9784
Content: 

Heading: NOTE:-- All other agencies which have advertised charge
Content: 

Heading: fees and refer to more expensive clinics.
Content: 

Heading: CHAMPION
Content: 

Heading: SHOE REPAIR
Content: 

Heading: YOUR COMPLETE SHOE SERVICE CENTER
Content: 

Heading: Shaw Boots
Content: 

Heading: Work Shoes
Content: 

Heading: Moccasins
Content: 

Heading: Sandals
Content: 

Heading: for boots w ith a
Content: 

Heading: western flavor!
Content: 

Heading: Purses
Content: 

Heading: Shoe Care Supplies
Content: 

Heading: Deck Sneakers
Content: 

Heading: Rubber Footwear
Content: 

Heading: n ,
Content: 

Heading: TEX
Content: 

Heading: North of Weis Maricet -  Downtown Lewisburg
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS
Content: -----

Heading: WHATS PLAYINGT-
Content: 

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: Wednesday & Thursday
Content: 

Heading: Feb. 17 & 18
Content: 

Heading: "ONE OF THE BEST AND, CURIOUSLY, MOST
Content: 

Heading: BEAUTIFUL AMERICAN MOVIES IN RECENT
Content: 

Heading: YEARS!"
Content: 

Heading: T h e
Content: 

Heading: Honeymoon Killers
Content: 

Heading: Starring
Content: 

Heading: SHIRLEY STOLER - TONY LO BIANCO &
Content: 

Heading: MARY JANE HIGBY
Content: 

Heading: Starting Friday
Content: 

Heading: WALT DISNEY'S
Content: 

Heading: 'TH E ARISTOCATS"
Content: 

Heading: Chenoweth Discusses Relationship with Boyd Douglas
Content: i f 3 n Editor's Note: (Boyd Douglas is an alleged government in former in the
    Harrisburg 6 case in which Jesuit Priest Philip Berrigan and five others
    were indicted for conspiring to kidnap Presidential adviser Henry Kissinger
    and to blow up heating systems in the White House. Douglas's where- j abouts
    are currently unknown.) " I'm sure he wasn't always honest with me, but I
    didn't know any other way to relate to him except as a university professor
    who could help him and as a friend,"  said Gene Chenoweth, pro fessor of
    political science, in an interview about his relations with Boyd Douglas,
    the probable princi ple prosecution witness in the Har risburg 6 case.
    Douglas was a convict in the Lewisburg Federal Penitentiary but took day
    classes here in 1970 as part of a study-release program organized between
    the prison and the university. Chenoweth came to know Douglas as part of
    this pro gram. Chenoweth first met Douglas in about February 1970, near the
    be ginning of last year's second se mester. " He came to me looking for a
    department to go to. His in terest seemed to be in penology," said
    Chenoweth. "He eventually wound up here," he continued, stating that Douglas
    " looked as though he would pursue political science"  had he stayed on as a
    day student. Chenoweth acted " sort of as an adviser"  to Douglas. " I kept
    some kind of contact with the prison on his program. I wrote in his behalf
    when asking for his probation,"  he explained. " His coming to me initially
    had more to do with the discussion of penology, but I wanted to know about
    him and prison life,"  said Chenoweth. " He also wanted to discuss with me
    political questions related to the war in Vietnam and the trial in Chicago
    (last year's Chicago 7 trial)." Chenoweth continued, " He talk ed movement
    stuff with m e.

Heading: I
Content: don't think he had a very deep understandinlg of the war in Viet nam. He had a
    kind of romance with Catholic activism. " I felt that there were potentially
    better students than Boyd Douglas in the prison, but he had the money to
    come out."  Chenoweth did say that Douglas seemed " very conscientious"
    about keeping his record straight early. Chenoweth stressed that Douglas had
    applied for summer grant money last year (" a small a- mount" ) which would
    lead to a survey of the University's re sources on penology for a January
    plan this past January. " This was to include visiting prisons with
    students,"  said Chenoweth. Douglas had backing on the pro ject, but since
    the Berrigan case broke, Douglas has not been heard from and consequently,
    the project fell through. Chenoweth said that he had last spoken with
    Douglas in " very early December." Douglas's political involvement seemed to
    begin when he met Philip Berrigan, whom Chenoweth said Douglas was very
    impressed by, in prison last year. Allegedly, Douglas eventually began to
    carry letters for the peace movement in and out of prison while he was a day
    student. At one point, Chenoweth specifi cally asked Douglas if he was
    transporting messages. " I told him he would've jeopardized the study-
    release program and himself, but he said, 'No, I did not.' It now ap pears
    that he lied to me,"  Cheno weth related. " I know he was talk ing to people
    on the telephone." Asked if he felt that Douglas was a government informer,
    Chen oweth said, " It would appear that he worked with the government but
    not as a plan." Chenoweth also said that he had his own " hypothesis"  on
    Douglas's role in the case. " All it can be is a hypothesis," Chenoweth ex
    plained, " but (he) wanted to avoid (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: VOLUME LXXm  -- NO. 30
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19. 1971
Content: 

Heading: 'Che JBuckneIlian
Content: 

Heading: EUCKNELL UNIVERSITY, LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Expresses Concern About Usage
Content: 

Heading: Risch States Drug Policy
Content: Professor Richard Drinnon discussed the Berrigan Brothers and the Radical
    Catholic Left at Tuesday's Contact lecture discussion.

Heading: Drinnon Discusses Berrigans,
Content: 

Heading: Radical Underground Catholics
Content: By BILL WHITNEY Dan and Phil Berrigan and the other Radical Catholics have be
    come " the cutting edge of the Peace Movement." " They stand for a moral
    revolu tion which, I think, is desperately needed." This was the general
    theme of the Contact lecture-discussion " The Catholic Left: The Berrigans
    and Others" , presented by Dr. Richard Drinnon, professor of history, last
    Tuesday at 12:30 in New Dorm Pit. ^ In his lecture, Dr. Drinnon ob served
    that by the summer of 1970 the Peace Movement was slowing down, that "
    dispair had set in,"  In spite of letters, demonstrations, even a march on
    the Pentagon it self, " the slaughter went on." However, when Daniel
    Berrigan, a Roman Catholic priest, became a fugitive for his anti-war
    actions (destroying Draft Board files) and eluded authorities for several
    months, Drinnon personally experi enced " great glee"  and " great ad-
    miration for what he had done." Through their actions, the Berri gans "
    brought drive to the Move ment" and made people believe that " this is a
    living thing." Because of their great impact. Dr. Drinnon then posed the
    ques tion of where these underground priests came from. The Radical
    Catholics " come from 'Hardhat' country," which shows that the Peace
    Movement " isn't so Waspish as it seemed." The " Super-Americanism"  of
    Hard- hats turned into " super-radicalism" when the Catholic left felt they
    saw (Continued on Page 4) By ERIC RIESS Thomas J. Risch, Dean of Men,
    indicated that University under cover agents investigating the use of drugs
    on campus or for any other purpose, do not exist. Risch stated the
    University would not employ or in any way sponsor undercover agents on
    campus. Risch said however that no one could rule out the possibilities of
    action by local authorities at any time. He commented, " We have no way of
    knowing what the local authorities might do in this area. They are under no
    obligaion to in form us of their intentions and pro bably would not. The
    Dean noted that it was pos sible that state and local officials are
    interested in our campus as an area of drug usage and supply. Risch went on
    to say, " Of course we are concerned with the fre quence of drugs on campus
    and do realize they exist. We are concerned that students know what the
    situa tion is and that they realize the pos sible consequences of their
    actions. We also want students to realize that the University can not be a
    haven for illegal activities." At the beginning of this academic year in
    September the University released guidelines for the campus which stated, "
    a person who vio lates a state or federal law on Uni versity property, when
    such a vio lation has a detrimental effect on the University and/or it's
    members, will subject that person to Uni versity action. An individual is di
    rectly responsible for obeying state and federal laws." Risch went on to
    say, " We have discussed present conditions with members of our staff and
    will meet with resident assistants and other students to explain more fully
    the University's position. Risch concluded, " We want stu dents to be aware
    of all the possible effects drug ussage may have for them as well as their
    influence on the atmosphere of the campus." In connection with the Univers
    ity's drive to make students aware of what these possibilities might be,
    Risch has offered to lead a Contact discussion next Tuesday on " Drugs and
    the University Campus" at 12:30 in the New Dorm Pit.

Heading: Symposium Features
Content: 

Heading: Distinguished Blacks
Content: By LINDA DIETRICK An Afro - American symposium will take place next weekend,
    spon sored by the sub-committee on black studies. As part of a con tinuing
    project which is seeking to increase the University's consci ousness of the
    black experience, the symposium will bring three prominent black
    intellectuals to the campus for lectures and discussion. Veda Butcher, an
    Afro-American musicologist who heads the African Music Institute at Howard
    Uni versity, will speak about African Music, Sunday at 2:30 p.m. in Vaughan
    Literature Auditorium. Saunders Redding, a literary critic who specializes
    in Afro- American works, has also been in vited. He will deliver the keynote

Heading: Satire on Television and Culture
Content: 

Heading: 'Groove Tube' Reflects American Life
Content: 

Heading: Spain
Content: 1971

Heading: & Hazleton
Content: 

Heading: Attract Professors
Content: By TOM NQVINGER Two faculty members will be absent from the University by the
    beginning of the 1971-72 academic year, according to an announce ment by
    Wendell I. Smith, Uni- varsity provost. Leaving the Uni versity are Dr.
    Mills F. Edgerton, professor of Spanish, and Dr. Michael A. Santulli,
    assistant pro fessor of philosophy. A leave of absence has been granted to
    Dr. Edgerton for a full year. He will spend this summer at (Continued on
    Page 4) By DEAN LANDEW As I was about to enter Coleman Hall to see the 11
    o'clock showing of " Groove Tube"  Wednesday, I heard someone who was just
    leav ing say, "Don't waste your money! It's terrible!" After seeing " Groove
    Tube,"  I am trying to decide whether he meant the actual production was
    terrible or that the reflection of what he saw was terrible. " Groove Tube"
    is a cogent state ment reflecting life in America' on two levels.
    Superficially, it is a satire on television: and as a satire, it reflects
    the real influence of television and consequently, it re flects our culture.
    The satire itself is funny enough; but what really can be seen is profound.
    As comedy, it is easy to laugh at Robert Elgin, the automated news
    commentator, when the camera fails to pan out at the end of the broadcast:
    it is vicarious everyday failure. It is just as easy to laugh at love-
    making when it is treated as if it were an Olympic contest. So how come
    these things make you laugh more when you rehash them after wards with your
    friends then when you actually saw them? Because it is more than satire. To
    make one basic statement about what " Groove Tube"  is saying: sexual
    acceptance and attainment is foremost in the minds of many Americans today.
    Sex, of course, has been impressed upon everyone in some way as being the
    supreme social accomplishment, and much of this impression comes from tele
    vision. (Koko the clown wasn't too far off the mark.) As a corollary to this
    rule, " Gro ove Tube"  makes it apparent that Americans generally seem to
    have sexually symbolic fetish for PUTT

Heading: ING
Content: 

Heading: THINGS
Content: 

Heading: INTO
Content: 

Heading: OTHER
Content: THINGS for pleasure, security or status. Olive pits into pitted Cher ries into
    pitted olives; marijuana into heads; bodies into prestigious cars; Brown 25
    between bathroom tiles; penises into vaginas. For various reasons America
    seems obsessively motivated to fill up the cracks. It all makes sense. If
    the Lave Games from Tijuana sequence brought as tense and anxious an
    atmosphere to the show you went to as the one I saw, you'll under stand. It
    was very funny when the satellite broke down and the audi ence was asked to
    " please stand by."  But you really wanted to see what was so outrageously
    described. The list goes on and on, but it is worth it to mention the final
    flaunting. That jocular penis nodd ing, telling you what to watch out for in
    venereal disease. " A bird in the hand is better than one in the bush."  In
    reality, not really. Of only slightly less significance is America's
    acceptance of vio lence, physical and mental, in- (Continued on Page 4)
    address Sunday at 8 p.m. in Cole man theatre. His subject will be black
    literature. Earlier in the day at 4 p.m. he will take part in a dialogue
    with Miss Butcher on " Black Art and Literature."  The location of the
    dialogue will be announced later on in the week. On Saturday black poetess,
    Sonya Sanchez will give a poetry reading See New Feature - Literary Page
    Page 5 in Vaughan Literature library at 1:30 p.m. Other speakers sponsored
    by the Association of Blacks for Progress may also attend the weekend. Dr.
    Harvey Powers, chairman of the sub-committee hopes that pro grams such as
    this " by bringing in black artists and intellectuals from the outside world
    will continue to expose students to black culture and help to keep the idea
    of black studies alive here."

Heading: ABS Slate
Content: The following is the prelimin ary slate for ABS offices: President Bob Nachshin
    Jim Lackritz Vice President Lou Bucceri Russ Pais Treasurer Chuck Resnick
    Recording Secretary Debbie Wright Corresponding Secretary Sue Conn Sharon
    Gavin Pamela May Janet Russo Anyone interested in being on the final slate
    should pick up a petition at the Dean of Student Affairs' office. *

Heading: Scope o f Education
Content: 

Heading: "Intellectual freedom is essential to human so
Content: 

Heading: ciety." Not merely a political statement by a renowned
Content: 

Heading: Russian dissident, these words written by Andrei Sak-
Content: 

Heading: arov, a Soviet physicist are of universal application.
Content: 

Heading: Within the framework of intellectual freedom
Content: 

Heading: comes the airing of opinions of all sides, including the
Content: 

Heading: radical left and right. Indeed, the views of the radical
Content: 

Heading: left and right are often dismissed in favor of the es
Content: 

Heading: tablishment views which arise and too frequently stag
Content: 

Heading: nate in liberal/conservative debate. This situation ob
Content: 

Heading: viously has occurred here many times.
Content: 

Heading: With the aim of widening the intellectual scope of
Content: 

Heading: our community, a discussion series, entitled "Radical
Content: 

Heading: Views of Society" begins next Friday at 10 p.m. in the
Content: 

Heading: University Lounge. Nine more weekly discussions will
Content: 

Heading: follow on topics such as education, economics, violence
Content: 

Heading: and women's liberation.
Content: 

Heading: The organizers of this series will present the views
Content: 

Heading: of the radical left. We applaud their effort to further
Content: 

Heading: intellectual freedom here, and we hope that other groups
Content: 

Heading: of individuals might organize similar series on other,
Content: 

Heading: nontraditional attitudes toward society.
Content: 

Heading: Of course, such a program will only be as success
Content: 

Heading: ful as the response of its audience. We urge support of
Content: 

Heading: these efforts to expand the flow of ideas in the Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity.
Content: - .. . ..............

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: FACULTY FORUM
Content: 

Heading: Politics for th( University?
Content: Ry DAVID LU By JOHN TILTON

Heading: January Plan
Content: A preliminary report on the 1971 January Program will help me ex plain why I
    greet with approval the suggestion made by Charles Muss- man in the Guest
    Column of February 12. Official registration for 1971 shows a considerable
    increase over that of 1970, an increase sufficient to support the belief
    that an already strong voluntary Jan Plan is generatnig further strength out
    of its own momen tum. About thirty-five more projects were carried out and
    about twenty more faculty members acted as sponsors in 1971 than in 1970.
    And most significantly, the percentage of the entire student body that was
    regis tered rose from 1970's 23.6 percent to 30.2 precent, a 6.6 percent
    increase. The number of students registered rose from 672 to 886. But as
    gratify ing as these statistics may be, they do not truly reflect actual
    participa tion because these statistics do not embrace those students who,
    as Mr. Mussman points out, may have " spent their time profitably" in
    activities not offically registered. Using the 1970 statistics as an
    example, let's see what happens if we momentarily adopt Mr. Mussman's
    premise that in some way these profitable but unregistered activities ought
    to be recorded. If we were to add to the 1970 registration figure the 228 "
    unofficial projects" and " ex periences of significant educational value"
    that I culled from the 1970 questionnaire, we get a total of 900 students
    who took good educational advantage of the 1970 Jan Plan. No count has yet
    been made of " unof ficial projects"  for 1971, yet if we assume a similar
    proportion of register ed to unregistered projects in 1971, the true measure
    of participation in 1971 might well be 41 percent rather than 30.2 percent.
    But enough of statistics. The problem that Mussman has pinpointed is the
    need to end speculation about how many students have executed unregistered
    projects, and that means that we need to provide a system whereby all
    students who put the Jan Plan to bonafde uses can get proper transcript
    credit. Considering the near impossibility for some students of planning,
    arranging, and registering a project before the end of a tight and hectic
    first semester, we seem to need further flexibility. My recommendation--the
    one that I intend to take before the Faculty for approval unless I hear of a
    better--is to allow students to register projects up to the end of the
    second week of January. Those students who have no choice but to leave herb
    in December without a Professors Longley and Rinkus have asked the The
    explanatory note avers that the four Bucknell- faculty to reaffirm its
    belief in academic freedom by ians were "subjected to the inconvenience an
    anxiety disallowing any informer of the U.S. Government on accompanying a
    grand jury subpoena." Conspicuously campus. On the face of it, the motion is
    based on two absent from the note is an assertion that their aca-
    unassailable grounds. Academic freedom is something demic freedom had been
    impinged upon. Yet by a by which we live and none of us will ever speak
    against curious application of ill defined syllogism the note it. From the
    time we were first graders, we were comes to the illogical conclusion. A.
    Four Bucknellians taught by our teacher, let's call her Miss Emma, that were
    subpoenaed and inconvenienced. B. There might one should not be a " tattle-
    tale." And since all of us have been an informer who was the cause of all
    the adored Miss Emma, and she was by definition always trouble. C. Therefore
    the U.S. Government should not right, we have developed the habit of hating
    informers, b(r) permitted to have any informer on the Buckne Thus to vote
    against the current motion seems to the camPus- casual observer that one
    does not care about academic Illogical aside, what is disturbing in this
    note is freedom, and is out right disrespectful of the cherished the
    presumption that academic freedom can extend its memory of Miss Emma.
    protection over civil and criminal matters. A Socrates i * .. .. , ___ .
    calmly taking the hemlock casts a far nobler figure * degn Cldeg f r
    ?.xaminatl.deg?' 11 than a Berrigan burning draft files of others. We should
    vmus that the current motion is neither well-conceived, ^ e of ^ law to * to
    ^ nor beneficial to academic freedom. ^ t0

Heading: V
Content: subpoena no matter how inconvenient it might The alleged conspiracy case has not
    been proven, be. Instead of prejudging the proceedings which have nor the
    fact of the presence of an informer. As the two barely begun, we must give
    our judiciary a chance to sponsors of the motion remarked: "It should be
    readily show us that it works, and works rather well. We conceded that as
    yet there is no 'formal' evidence that should not liken the pending
    Harrisburg trials to there was indeed an informer on our campus." Yet
    Chicago. Yale was in ugly turmoil because someone the prospect of having an
    an informer was so odious claimed that Black Panthers could not be tried
    fairly, to them that they found it necessary to take a pre- yet the trials
    that followed suprised most of those ventive measure to " condemn without
    reservation the demonstrators by their fairness. Why must we prejudge use of
    any member of the University community as by approving this motion? That in
    itself is non-aca- an undercover agent for any branch of the United demic
    and closed-minded. States Government."  We are asked to vote on a of ^
    explanatory note probtem which ^ y  not actoally exist. and without furthel,
    wePmust at the conclusion that members the benefit of full and impartial
    inquuy. of an academic community could engage in activities Assuming that
    there indeed was an informer, the which might be injurious to the state but
    should not motion cannot attain a goal which it is intended, be
    inconvenienced by it. It does not take note of the Undercover agents, by
    nature, cannot be easily de- distinction between the professor as a private
    citizen tected, and the University has no enforcement power and as a member
    of the academic community. It on these matters. The only way it could
    prevent the simply insists on an all-comprehensive immunity for presence of
    such undercover agents would be to those who belong to the academy. This, in
    effect, is eliminate the conditions which necessitated the pres- to make the
    academic community a state within a of such agents in the first place. In
    fact oup state, enjoying privileges analogous to diplomatic im- ence

Heading: __
Content: g _ ^ # attention should be directed to this area. If we insist munity and
    extra-territoriality. In the case of diplo- on making pronouncements on
    matters over which we matic immunity--which -incidentally does not extend
    have no control, we are no different from those meta- to consular officials
    --the state granting it has certain physicians who were castigated by
    Bertrand Russell, remedies, e.g., by declaring the offending diplomat a who
    " like savages are apt to imagine a magical con- persona non grata. The
    power asserted by the ex- nection between words and things." planatory note
    is far more extensive and unattainable. The only matter over which Bucknell
    has control In the past one of the strengths of the American is the study-
    release program for the Lewisburg peai- academic community has been the ease
    with which its tentiary. For humanitarian and social reasons, I would own
    personnel could work with the government and the like to see its
    continuation. Yet if the present motion business community or vice versa,
    and there has been goes into effect, the only possible victims might be
    constant interchange of ideas between these institut- those inmates who
    could otherwise benefit from this ions. In this country there has been less
    divorce be- program. The explanatory note to the motion states tween theory
    and practice to the benefit of all insti- that the intent of such a program
    might have been tutions concerned. The motion would not hesitate hav-
    subverted, and one could draw a conclusion that to ing the academy become
    divorced from the reality of avoid the recurrence of the possibility of
    having an- life. It would prefer its own splendid isolation to the1 other
    informer, students coming from the penitentiary " contamination"  by the
    ills of the government or of should be further scrutinized. This could lead
    to the the world. Thus, the motion before us, brought by denial of admission
    to otherwise qualified students, those who are presently more actively
    concerned with And once admitted, those poor souls might be subjected
    politics, would on its passage have the curious effect to probing and
    hostile eyes from those of us who are of insulating the academy from the
    world. That could presumed to adhere to the principle of a " free and
    presage a return to the ivory tower that is the anomaly (Continued on Page
    3) open university."

Heading: Comments?
Content: The BUCKNELLIAN is interested in receiving comments from all members of the
    community con cerning any topics of concern. Ad dress letters and columns to
    Edi torials Editor, BUCKNELLIAN. of this motion. 8 um

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: Used Books
Content: 

Heading: GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: Loading the Guns
Content: By RICK VANCE f f r sam has overheard many things recently and some of you have
    been ex pressing puzzlement as to how a mouse can write. well let me tell
    you that my paws are better suited towards this noble Art than those
    enormous feet on that stupid pink bison in front of davis gym. and
    furthermore this particular mouse is not is such blatent need of a jock
    strap, besides bet on the mice the bison are becoming extinct the tuition is
    too high for them. sam (formerly a human poet whose soul transmigrated into
    a cockroach

Heading: who
Content: was killed by the foot of a pregnant lady bison in the bronx zoo, and is now a
    buck u. mouse how's that for a mystique?) Man, lemme tell ya somethin'. Them
    three cats is messed up. I mean, the other day I'm sittin' in this food
    joint in D.C. and who should walk in but the big Three: hardhat hero Spiro,
    Hoove the Groove, and King Pecker himself. Well, the next thing I know they
    flash me toothpaste smiles and sit two booths away. Now I'm really uptight.
    I mean, I'm one of them-there freaky pinkos, so why the hell do they make
    with the grins all of a sudden? Anyway, pretty soon they start shootin' the
    breeze, so I listen, man, because I'm cool. First off, the Greek orders
    lasagne and Hoove tells him no. He says the Wops shouldn't patronize till
    they go legit. Then Prez orders every body to get hotdogs and apple pie for
    dindin. Ok, so I'm thinkin' these cats are really weird, man. Like, they
    gotta be messed up to order crap like that in a Frenchy coffeehouse. Pretty
    soon Hoove coughs up some phlegm and starts talkin' in a low whisper. "Yoy
    wouldn't believe what those angels are planning now." he says. I'm thinking,
    " What angels?" " Those student activists are peachy,"  he continues. "They
    parade around courthouses, lay in front of buses. . ." " I think public
    displays of affection are disgusting,"  The Greek interrupts. " Shut up, ya
    jerk,"  big Dick says. " He's not talking about sex." " Oh," Agnew says.
    Then Hoove the groove continues. "The other day we bugged this room at B.U.,
    and you wouldn't be lieve what those little darlings were planning. The one
    guy suggests with a straight face that all students should boycott the '74'
    Presidential elec tions. That way, this guy says, when Nixon wins a shallow
    landslide victory, his psyche will be destroyed. Because he realizes the
    kids didn't vote." Now, I go to B.U., and that idea happened to be a good
    one. I mean, I pledged all my support, so I'm wondering why Dick and company
    are laughing so hard and flashin' me smiles all the time. They even offered
    to pay my bill, and buy m e some extra live beads. I mean, ain't that the
    cat's pajamas. I'm their arch enemy, bent on destroying the piss out of 'em,
    and they're flashing me smiles. I'tellya, they hafta be masoch istic or nuts
    or somethin'. I mean, sometimes I just can't figure them cats out. To the
    Editor: As a freshman, I have just gone through the first biannual hassle of
    trying to sell some of last se mester's books and at the same time buy this
    semester's books at half price from other students. It seems to me that much
    time and effort could be saved if the Uni versity Bookstore made facilities
    easily available for the buying and selling of used books. In the long run,
    the savings to students in book costs (which are high) would be
    considerable. Many colleges and universities presently do operate such
    facilities. When the Bookstore is moved into University Center next fall,
    there

Heading: t g H ;* J & u c k n e l l i a n
Content: 

Heading: Need More Help
Content: 

Heading: Volunteer Services Staffs Agencies
Content: By JON DeBENEDICTIS Three hundred Bucknell students assisted the C.A.'s
    Volunteer Ser vices program last semester. They need about three thousand.
    New programs are being initiated and the old ones still need more help. What
    can you do? Volunteers are attempting to es tablish a child guidance center
    in Sunbury but many more are need ed to plan the task and staff the center
    once in operation. The time given would be up to the volunteer. Students are
    needed at a new center in Milton to work on a one- to-one basis with
    handicapped, mentally retarded, and emotionally disturbed children of pre-
    school age. Volunteers are needed from 1:00 1 p.m. - 3:30 p.m. one day a
    week. Up to eight are needed every day. Headstart needs additional volun
    teers this semester to work ap proximately 2-3 hours once a week (time to be
    decided by teacher and Bucknell student). The juvenile probation officer in
    Sunbury, who is staffing his ser vices alone, needs students to as sist in
    afternoon group rap sessions, and others to work on a one-to-one basis with
    those trying to find jobs, etc. The facilities are available, | J  s, but
    volunteers are needed to staff

Heading: if
Content: 

Heading: Organizations Offer
Content: 

Heading: 11 Women Scholarships
Content: Each year, the Associated Women Students, Delta Delta Delta Soror ity, and the
    Panhellemc Association offer individual scholarships for which all women
    students are eli gible. Applicants are considered on the basis of need,
    service, and ac ademic standing and the recipients are selected by a point
    committee composed of representatives from each of the participating
    organiza tions. Application for these scholarships is not application to the
    University but to the woman's organization and in no way alters one's
    financial status with the University. Applications are now available in the
    Dean of Women's office Room 209, Marts Hall. They must be completed and
    returned to the Dean of Women by March 1. them. The Youth Services Bureau in
    Sunbury needs volunteers to help them establish and staff a "hot line." The
    Evangelical Home for the Aged would like additional students to befriend its
    residents whose families are not here to help them. The Selins grove and
    Laurelton State Schools need more volunteers to assist patients with
    occupational therapy, speech therapy, recrea tional planning and friendship
    ser vice. This would require only an hour a week and as many volun teers as
    patients are needed. Possibly having greatest priority is a specific program
    for the pat terning of a mentally retarded child. This child has not been
    making pro gress because of lack of assistance. The child needs 4 persons a
    day, 7 days a week. This would mean 28 people would be needed to train the
    child twice a day for an hour. Such a project might be taken on by a hall
    group, fraternity, or sorority. Similar actions were taken by two sororities
    last semester when they worked together for three weeks with orally
    handicapped. A speech therapist set up guidelines, and the twenty volunteers
    worked an hour per week. The patients showed remarkable progress, and some
    were even able to leave the class. The C.A. would like to integrate the
    community into their services and some members of the com munity have
    already volunteered their services for transportation. As those that have
    joined have discovered, it's the initial decision to sacrifice some time for
    some one else that is hard to make. But once they have volunteered, near ly
    100% of the students remain in the program. What's in it for m e??? This is
    the question every person confronts himself with when he reads a plea for
    volunteer services. No monetary or other material gratification is given for
    the few short hours required of a volunteer. The only satisfaction from
    these endeavors might be the smile of a child who just pronounced the word,
    "horse,"  correctly for the first time, seeing new hope in the eyes of an
    aged citizen, seeing a puzzle completed by a mentally retarded child without
    your help, or finding out that a former juvenile delin quent you'd been
    working with found a steady job for himself. There will be results, and
    those you work with will progress, but they need your help. If you can find
    some time for someone else, call 3486 or drop by Room 6 on the ground floor
    of the Botany building. Someone needs you!

Heading: FEEDBACK
Content: (Continued from Page 2) plan but find themselves " spending their time
    profitably," or who con scientiously set about designing and executing a
    project once they get home, would have ample time to fulfill the simple
    requirements needed to qualify them for official registration and transcript
    credit. The Di rector could easily provide each student with a list of
    faculty members available to sponsor a project at the last minute, and the
    student could phone or write to a sponsor to gain approval and thus official
    registra tion of his belatedly conceived project. This recommendation alters
    Mr. Mussman's suggestion somewhat so as to bring it within the spirit and
    almost within the letter of the Jan uary Program policy. The adoption of
    this recommended change in registration procedure requires Faculty approval
    of a change in a regulation that has already in effect been changed the
    regulation that " Registration will take place in October or November" has
    been bent considerably because of faculty pressure to get late projects
    registered. And herein lies a vital distinction between Mr. Mussman's
    suggestion and my recommendation. If by his phrase " after the fact" Mr.
    Mussman means that a stu dent should have the privilege of approaching a
    potential sponsor in February--for the first time--to gain approval of a
    project already completed, I must demur. Aside from the problems the faculty
    would face in attempting to deal with previously unknown projects, I am con
    cerned about the student's depriving himself of the value of registration. "
    Registration"  is, after all, only university jargon for " commitment," and
    the value I refer to derives from committing oneself to a consciously
    conceived and seriously intended endeavor. Alertness, concentration,
    methodical application, even provision of adequate time are made possible by
    early committment. Since we have but four brief weeks in the Jan Plan,
    should a student who does not realize his commitment by the aid of two weeks
    be given credit for having utilized the Jan Plan in a signifi cant way? I
    have my doubts. Surely commitment can come late; it can even be the product
    of a gradually evolving interest. But at the moment it seems to me unwise to
    foster or to invite what may well be dilatori ness and vacillation by
    allowing " after the fact"  registration. What do you think? I'd be glad to
    hear your opinions.

Heading: Will it fit you?
Content: -* Spend an unforgettable

Heading: SEMESTER AT SEA
Content: on the form er

Heading: QUEEN ELIZABETH
Content: should be plenty of room for the store to provide a used book service. The
    Bookstore could buy used books, according to their condition, at a price
    slightly below half price. They then could be sold at a price slightly above
    the buying price -- the difference going towards sal aries of employees. In
    the long run, students would benefit because 1) they would be more likely to
    aelL all the books they desired to and 2/ at the beginning of the semester
    students would be better able to see what used books are available. Besides,
    it would be a heck of a lot easier to find a ride home when the bulletin
    boards aren't cluttered with book ads. A hassled freshman

Heading: I f
Content: 1 1

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: * .
Content: * New lower rates; full credit for courses. Write today for details from World
    Campus Afloat, Chap man College, Box CC16, Orange, CA 92666 ->

Heading: Leather Fashions
Content: 

Heading: BOOTS &
Content: 

Heading: SADDLE SHOP
Content: 

Heading: PARK Rd. R.D. 1,
Content: 

Heading: SELINSGROVE, PA.
Content: 

Heading: I MILE BEYOND
Content: 

Heading: ROLLING GREEN PARK
Content: 

Heading: DAILY 4:00 - 10:00 --
Content: 

Heading: SAT. 9:00 a.m. - 10:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Stone & Webster interviewers
Content: 

Heading: will be on campus
Content: 

Heading: March 4,1971
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the coUege year. Member of
    Associated CoUegiate Press. Annual subscription, $7.00, payable in advance.
    Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the post office at
    Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON
Content: 

Heading: Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: STEVE BECKER
Content: 

Heading: DOUG BROWN
Content: 

Heading: EDITORIAL BOARD
Content: 

Heading: DEAN LANDEW
Content: 

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: DAVID WEINBERGS>>

Heading: STEVE WYATT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELUAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any issue and take a stand we deem in the best interest of the
    University, to treat every issue with the responsibility that is accorded us
    in a free society, to be constructively critical when necessary as weU as
    lauda tory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and
    Integrity. Office: Fochi Printing Co., 229 Market Street, $29-4221
    Consultant: Bred Toils. $24-1221 _ ____________ CLIP >>MO SAW---------------
    #

Heading: !
Content: 

Heading: LOW COST, SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: ! ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: >>
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: SCHEDULED IMMEDIATELY
Content: ! (212) 490-3600 I PROFESSIONAL SCHE0UUM SEWICE. I>>C

Heading: |
Content: 545

Heading: fifth >>
Content: 99

Heading: ,
Content: Mew York Clt>> 10017 , I There is s f M f w w f , _ J

Heading: Find out
Content: 

Heading: if the Stone & Webster
Content: 

Heading: corporate hard hat is for you -  and vice versa.
Content: 

Heading: As a Stone & Webster construction engi
Content: 

Heading: neer, you'll become directly involved with
Content: 

Heading: nuclear, steam and hydroelectric power gen
Content: 

Heading: eration, power transmission systems and de
Content: 

Heading: sign and construction of process plants for
Content: 

Heading: chemicals, petrochemicals and petroleum.
Content: 

Heading: As part of your engineer-in-training ac
Content: 

Heading: tivities, you'll spend
Content: 

Heading: 2Vz
Content: 

Heading: years in the field
Content: 

Heading: alongside experienced, senior construction
Content: 

Heading: engineers. Then you'll devote six months to
Content: 

Heading: developing firsthand knowledge of design,
Content: 

Heading: scheduling, purchasing and other manage
Content: 

Heading: ment skills in our Boston offices. Stone &
Content: 

Heading: Webster offers an excellent employee benefit
Content: 

Heading: program including a generous Tuition Assist
Content: 

Heading: ance Plan.
Content: 

Heading: See how the hat will fit. Register with
Content: 

Heading: your Placement Office for a Stone & Webster
Content: 

Heading: interview when our representatives visit your
Content: 

Heading: campus.
Content: 

Heading: IF you are more interested in design en
Content: 

Heading: gineering, we have a comprehensive training
Content: 

Heading: program for you, too.
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: stone
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: webster
Content: 

Heading: Engineering Corporation
Content: i-

Heading: ____
Content: l . l ! _ D n c ln n  M a M .

Heading: 02107
Content: 

Heading: 225 Franklin Street, Boston, Mass. 02107
Content: An Equal Opportunity Employer

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEBRUARY 19, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEB. 19, 1971

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: i MMMCHMHMMH

Heading: Chenoweth
Content: (Continued from Page 1) another time in (the prison), the FBI and the prison
    caught him with contraband (the letters) be fore the errigans were arrested
    and sort of gave him the choice-- cooperate with information or pay the
    price. "As I understand it, Boyd is an alleged informer," continued Chen
    oweth. "I find it conceivable that Boyd may have been lied to by the
    government (about the case), al though it doesn't seem to make much sense
    like that." Chenoweth feels that the govern ment has "violated the
    University program." He also said, "I think they manipulated him." Chenoweth
    then mentioned the motion he brought up at a recent faculty meeting. The
    motion would reject the manipulation of the Uni versity staff or students by
    govern ment agents. This motion was pas- sed. . He added that the political
    science honorary here wrot J. Eld- gar Hoover to ask him to come here to
    speak, but that Hoover turned the invitation down on the basis of having too
    many commit ments already. Chenoweth currently teaches at the penitentiary
    once a week, but has not discussed the case with any of the inmates. "I felt
    that woud be unwise at this time," he said. "The prisoners don't talk about
    it, although they might like to." As for the study-release program,
    Chenoweth feels "it has been cal led into question, but it shouldn t be
    jeopardized. The men behind the walls would suffer and so would the campus."
    He also said that "the warden and the college will be more circumspect in
    the future." Regarding the actual Harrisburg 6 case, Chenoweth stated, "I
    don't think they've (the govern ment) got a case. I believe the Berrigan
    (denial of guilt) state ment." He feels that the defend ants are "innocent
    until proven guilty and the burden of proof is on the government." "I could
    conceive that there will be no trial," Chenoweth re marked. If it believed
    it had lost its case, Chenoweth said, the gov ernment should claim that a
    public trial could impair our national se curity by releasing certain in
    formation. "We can wait for the trial," Chenoweth said. "This is all
    speculation."

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Suggestions
Content: Anyone with suggestions of plays for possible Cap and Dagger major productions
    during the 1971-72 aca- denmic year, please send them to Box B-772 by March
    1. All sugges tions will be considered.

Heading: Major
Content: Students interested in apply ing during the present semester for an
    interdepartmental major must do so by March 1, 1971. Information and
    application forms are available in the of fice of the Dean of the CoUege of
    Arts and Sciences.

Heading: Chicago
Content: A limited amount of tickets will be available for the Chicago con cert at the
    door. The box office will open at 6:45 p.m. Tickets cost $5.50.

Heading: Spain
Content: The deadline for the holiday to Spain down payment has been ex tended until
    Monday. Interested stu dents may pick up a flyer at the Botany Building.
    Send the deposit to the C.A.

Heading: Overnight
Content: The C.A. is sponsoring an over night and informal discussion with the Lewisburg
    Penitentary warden and chaplain this weekend. If you wish to attend sign the
    list on the C.A. door before noon on Saturday.

Heading: Conference
Content: Any student wishing to attend the "National Conference on Student In volvement
    in the University" should obtain an interest sheet from the Dean of Student
    Affairs office and return it no later than 3 p.m. Tues day. For further
    information call Pete Holmes at 1993.

Heading: Hilltop
Content: Any student wishing to serve on the Hilltop Committee for Film Se lection should
    pick up an interest sheet in the Dean of Student Affairs Office and return
    it by 3 p.m. Wed nesday. For further Information call Pete Holmes at 1993.

Heading: Groove Tube
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: (Continued from Page 1) ternal and external. An acid freak- out, seemingly meant
    as a scare commercial; a singing fool getting his insides mangled by a
    television camera which gets "too close;" an amateur hour act ending in a
    mighty slap in the face. All very funny, these days. But this is all
    interpretation of what happened on the screen. Reg ular television is
    masturbation, ob viously enough. A satire of tele-

Heading: WHEN HUNGER STRIKES
Content: 

Heading: STRIKE BACK ! ! !
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY'S 523-9251
Content: vision, pointing out the fantastic in fluence of commercials, reducing our daily
    rituals into absurdities, is entertainment, in one way. That is, sex is the
    best entertainment going; violence, whether as the Vietnam war, campus
    riots, or drug taking, is a close second. But real entertainment was con-
    suited by the audience. The audi ence entertained itself with the stimulus
    of watching what we do, what we are. Ken Shapiro brought his equipment here
    and probably made some money. But the show was only a vehicle in the form of
    a satire. No more. And it was ex cellent as that. If you saw "Groove Tube,"
    you did the rest. So for those who say they wasted their money, think about
    what you actually wasted it on. Meditation Chapel Davis Gymnasium Vaughan
    lit. Aud. Vaughan Lit. Aud. Friday, February 19 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services
    7:30 and 10:00 p.m. A.B.S. Concert: Chicago 8:00 p.m. Hilltop: "Eclipse"
    Saturday, February 20 - .. 2 30 pm  Senior Recital: Kathleen Sheetz, Violin
    Dr. C a r .*  H. Wa<<fc, .. PJ" ' X: s i S ^ e e d << >> , ; ' The Time "
    and "Messenger From Violet Drive. Vaughan Lit. Aud. 4:00 p.m. Catholic Mass
    Chapel Monday, February 22 uveas-Rooke Pool 7-00 Dm Family Swim Night Frea
    8:00 pm . English Dept. Film: "Vampyr" Vaughan Lit. Aud.
    ^l^SO3p.'nxe*Contact Lecture-Discussion: Dean Thomas Risch and the
    University Campus" ^ Ddeg S J 2 4:45 p.m. Catholic Mass G?S 6:30 p.m.
    Women's Basketball vs. Messiah Tustin Gym

Heading: Sailing Club
Content: There will be a Sailing Club meet ing on Tuesday in 101-A Coleman at 7:30 p.m.
    All interested students are invited to attend.

Heading: Berrigans
Content: (Continued from Page 1) the truth about American involve-^ ment abroad. * Using
    their personal observations about American involvement in Latin America, Dan
    and Phil Ber rigan and others "put together their assessments of what
    America was doing" and saw that it was not for the greatness of man but "for
    the dispair of mankind." Dan Berrigan, before his involve ments in anti-war
    activities, was an extremely successful individual in the Roman Catholic
    Church. His superiors told him that to continue to succeed he must "cool it
    on peace, cool it on civil rights." But for some reason he didn't 'cool it'
    Finally that "sedate October 1967" came when he and others poured blood on
    Baltimore Draft Board files. Then the next May they destroyed the
    Cantonsville Draft Board records.

Heading: Professors
Content: f (Continued from Page 1) Middlebury College, Vermont, as a director of a
    specialized Spanish program. During the regular school year, Middlebury
    operates four European campuses. After conducting the summer program,
    Professor Edger- ton will move to the Madrid, Spain, campus. There he will
    direct the graduate study program for a full academic year, returning to the
    University in June, 1972. Upon com pletion of this program, a student would
    be granted a Master's De gree Dr. Santulli will be moving to the Hazleton
    Campus of Pennsylvania State University. His position there will be
    Assistant Professor of Phil osophy.

Heading: The first time they performed,
Content: 

Heading: the act they had to follow was God.
Content: 

Heading: Back in church in Mississippi The Chambers
Content: 

Heading: Brothers were just little kids singing after a sermon.
Content: 

Heading: But the Baptists who watched them danced and
Content: 

Heading: swayed. And got the message even though it was
Content: 

Heading: little fellas doing the preaching.
Content: 

Heading: Then later on
Content: T h e

Heading: Chambers Brothers added a
Content: 

Heading: drummer. Who played like he must haveclapped
Content: 

Heading: in church himself.
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: :
Content: 

Heading: And it wasn't long before the group that gigged
Content: 

Heading: at backwoods revivals put their gospel frenzy into
Content: 

Heading: blues and rock, and brought it to places like the
Content: 

Heading: Fillmore and Carnegie Hall.
Content: 

Heading: And with the same feeling that made church-
Content: 

Heading: folks twitch 20 years ago, The Chambers Brothers
Content: 

Heading: have made their latest album, N
Content: 

Heading: e
Content: 

Heading: w
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: With the addition of a 22-piece o rch e stra l^  flays ^
Content: \  . . - o ....

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: ; Of course* back in Mis&isstDDi. thev s
Content: 

Heading: fSS put a
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: i s
Content: tm

Heading: FOOTNOTES
Content: 

Heading: --------------------------------
Content: 

Heading: Those Old Menus
Content: 

Heading: -By PAUL J. J. PAYACK;
Content: 

Heading: DAVID AND THE PHOENIX
Content: By Edward Ormondroyd. 173 pages. New York: FoUett. 1957.

Heading: THE GNU AND THE GURU GO BEHIND THE BEYOND
Content: (A CAUTIONARY TALE) By Peggy Clifford. Drawings by Eric von Scnunidt. 95 pages.
    Boston: Houghton Mifflin. 1970. $3.95. Stephen Dedalus once said that if you
    think about something you understand it; and undoubtedly in our times there
    are many people and things which need to be understood. So borne by Stevie's
    premise I ventured into the Behind-the-Beyond and observed a <I>>(r)t
    Midwestern town where the minds of our younger brothers and sisters are
    being shaped and twisted (as ours were a decade or so ago). I have heard
    that we are what we have once eaten, yet how often do we go back and
    reconstruce those old menus. Last Spring I attempted just that and began by
    reading a handful of those fantasies woven by Anderson. What I found was
    abhoring: the gross and m^i^riminatP butcherings in the likes of Big Claus
    and Little Claus and the associated violence which permeates his works. On
    these readings I also noted his arbtirary assign ment of moral values. In
    the real world the ugly are not necessarily evil conversely the beautiful
    are not surrogates for the good. The principle itself that the world is
    divided into the two great camps of Good and Evil certainly needs to be
    reconsidered. . . And so Ander son catalyzed my recent venture and
    observations. David and the Phoenix is the story of a young boy's friendship
    with that strange and mythical bird which can be found in the folklore of so
    many Peoples. Together they travel the world in order to supplement David's
    traditionally stunted education. In tins they are aided by griffins,
    banshees and a host of other imaginary beings. Throughout the tale they
    successfully evade a sinster scientist who attempts to slay or capture the
    bird for the good aPS science only. In the end the phoenix rises from his
    pyre, as tradition calls for every five hundred years. He, the Phoenix,
    escapes and David though sad at his loss is a much wiser young man. So there
    you are. An innoucuous child's tale? Not quite, for masquerading under the
    guise of innocence is a tacitly expressed ideology which is swallowed whole
    by the miknow- jjjg whiM For example, in David the author manipulates the
    traditional Good-Evil dualism and pits our lovable old bird against that
    sinster man-of-knowledge. At a time in Instory when insanity runs rampant it
    seems at best unwise to summon the forces of righteous wrath against a
    symbol which should represent clear and distinct thought. To burn this brand
    of anti-intellectualism into the mind of the naive child seems but another
    extension of the theory that the world is mad. And then there's the question
    Of David's test tube surroundings. If a Caucasian child is never introduced
    to his Negroid, Mongoloid or Australoid brothers how can he be ex pected to
    think about them and according to Stevie's premise without thought,
    understand ing is impossible. The last of this sample of questionables
    concerns not the story but the manner in which it's sold One would hope that
    the purpose of a young people's book service would be to aid in the
    education of children, however, with The Children's Book Club you get more
    than you bargain for. On the dust jacket, expertly placed, is a statement
    concerned not with the child's education, but his acculturation. It simply
    urges him to join the proud consumenst tradition of his parents by gently
    nudging him into proselytizing the wonders of David and the club, and to
    spread the truth among his teachers and friends. I became aware of The Gnu
    and the Guru Go Behind the Beyond by means of the annual pre-Christmas
    offensive launched by the publications industry. The story line is too
    absurd to be worth explication, so let us suffice to say that the unlikely
    combination of a gnu and a guru meet the inhabitants oPS ^ blind alley the
    ugga-wuggas. The latter rule the Behind-the-Beyond, a totally functional
    SSte w k e  s S a l T T r e  rolled up after dark to keep them clean;
    furniture exists only in the form of frescoes to inhibit the accumulation of
    dust; and the flag has a regimented geometrical design (and is raised upon a
    square flag pole) to attest to the of the state. Our heroes are captured and
    escape and what happens in between is better to be left unsung. The weakness
    found in Behind the Beyond so outweigh any educational benefits that one is
    forced to conclude that it's merely another in the series of modern
    techniques which are devised to smother independent young minds. The main
    conceptual idea woven into the tale is that of the evils of centralization
    Given: individualism is a Good Thing, however, if we are ever to attain this
    elusive ideal then we must rid ourselves of those preconceived notions which
    pervade one-dimensional thought. The centralization of power, coupled with
    the phenomenal advances in science and tech nology ought to be able to free
    whatever remains of the individual provided his existence becomes grounded
    in rationality; which brings us to our second cusp of controversy.
    Rationality cannot be mastered by programming our young with cliches. These
    thought abridgements are levelling influences which tend to fell any
    original idea which dares to t burst forth. Any automaton well versed in
    their usage can get through a day, a year or a lifetime simply by conjuring
    up the correct truism whenever his security seems threatened. It's a simple
    recall situation which unfortunately results in the many who are simple. How
    ever, if you're not well versed in the art of the cliche Behind-the-Beyond
    will provide some fascination reading. Nevertheless, an educational system
    cannot be constructed upon inanities, and until education becomes an ex
    ducere (which will solely occur through a revolution to thought) the fable's
    conclusion is all but inevitable: only by falling into our violent heritage
    were the Gnu and Guru able to escape.

Heading: noise
Content: by peter eggers It is questionable whether musical criti cism has validity of
    any kind. After all, it is merely an attempt at interpolating what one has
    heard into a liner, verbal form; transposition from ear to eye. Musical
    criticism doesn't actually tell one anything at all about music. It is
    merely giving one set of words which may have some kind of parallel
    correspondence to the music, but never does the written word ever come close
    to expressing/ex- plaining/interpreting the music itself. Verbal metaphors,
    used in the cause of music criticism, seem to me to be so frustratingly
    inexact. How I can tell you about husic by the use of the verbal /print
    medium which can never actually reach the heart of the matter. "If I could
    turn you on, if I could drive you out of your wretched mind, if I could tell
    you I would let you know." (R. D. Laing), I would. Roberta Flack-First Take
    (Atlantic SD 8230) This is Roberta Flack's first albumn. The instrumentation
    is Miss Flack on piano and vocals, John Pizzarelli on guitar, the impeccable
    Ron Carter on base, and Ray Lucas on drums. William Fischer, one of the
    composers whose words were pre sented at Bucknell during the Black Arts-
    Festival Weekend last semester, did the !string and horn anrangements on the
    album. The album is characterized by the in tense singing of Miss Flack, her
    very sparse piano style, and Ron Carter's very lyrical bass lines; all this
    serves to create a quiet, expressive atmosphere which makes the album a very
    intimate listen ing experience. Miss Flack touches upon a number of related
    musical styles in this album. There are folkish tunes by Leonard Cohen and
    Ewan MacColl, the rock number "Com pared to What' written by Gene McDaniels,
    a ballad, a moving Spanish-flavored song called "Angelitos Negros (Black
    Angels), and the gospel tune "I Told Jesus" ar ranged by Miss Flack. There
    are also two really fine songs written by Donny Hath away and Leroy Hutson.
    If you like blues and jazz singing, I think you'll like this album very
    much. "Tryin' Times," a Hathaway/Hutson com position, is an especially good
    flowing blues, and "I Told Jesus" is a gospel num ber that slowly builds up
    to an exciting climax. I much prefer this album over Mill Flack's second
    effort, Chapter Two, which has mostly interpretations of "standard" tunes
    like "Let It Be Me," Just Like A Woman," and "The Impossible Dream."(?) If
    you'd rather hear songs you know, she does sing them better than most
    singers do. For my taste, though, I'd much rather listen to original
    material which doesn't yet have the dulling effect which I find a lot of
    interpretations of standards have if For a brief commentary on the
    indoctrination of children through fantasy, see 'Those Old Menus.' their
    arrangements are not substantially different from the original. But I like
    the way she sings almost enough to go out and buy the second al bum anyway.
    Dreams (Columbia C 30225) It's like a dream come true: Randy Becker
    trumpet/flugelhom; brother Mich ael tenor sax/flute; Barry Rogers trom-
    bone/tuba; Bill Cobham drums/percussion; Doug Lubhan bass/vocals; and Jeff
    Kent keyboards/guitar/vocals; (John Abercrom bie added on lead guitar).
    That's what Dreams are made of. This band can really rock and it can really
    swing too. The members of the band are all excellent musicians and this
    album sure shows how well they can play to gether. The album is tight,
    clean, and has a tremendous amount of energy. Everyone sounds like they put
    a lot into making it and are having loads of fun blowing their heads off.
    The horn section has fantastic dynamic control and plays some of the most
    origin al ensemble figures heard in big band rock to date. The songs
    themselves are not fantastic nor are the vocals exceptional either, but both
    are indeed good and solid. The real melodies of the songs seem to be the
    horn lines; I find myself singing along like crazy to them. (Listen to the
    horn part on "New York" particularly: it'll just knock you on your ass.) The
    first time you listen to this album you probably won't think it is as good
    as I've made it out to be. But think with re peated listenings you'll find
    that most of the music will begin to get to you, if not overwhelm you. And
    this is one alblum I'm pretty sure will last.

Heading: [raja^iijaraifeiaraizfziiraiBranHgrararziEraraiaiHniiagjgjara
Content: 

Heading: %\)t
Content: 

Heading: PucfeneUtan
Content: 

Heading: aiaiajafBjHjaiaiziBiaigjzraiziaiafEJaiziBigraraiziaiBJiiHiEnaiHfarararaiHrararaj'aiBife
Content: 

Heading: Comments on 'the Dead', Kerouac, Kesey & Cassady
Content: By JONATHAN BAILEY DRAEGER i never enjoyed feedback-reminds me of a confused
    acid trip, acid is only good if it removes confusion. The Grateful Dead were
    just one orgasmic scree<<* after an other. their only purpose, it seemed,
    was to heighten one's trip, in my case they never came close. Workingman's
    Dead came out last year and the Dead had gone country, they played like
    musicians, they were still into acid, cocaine, etc. but they didn't let the
    dope bring them down musically, their newest albumn is Ameri can Beauty,
    this albumn is even better, honest, funky, and musically sound. the Dead is
    very closely linked to Ken Kesey (author of One Flew Over the Cuc koo's Nest
    and Sometimes a Great Notion). in the early sixties Kesey and his Merry
    Pranksters were the trip masters of the west coast. Kesey and his group
    conducted well attended acid tests in L. A. and Frisco. These consisted of
    large halls with no decoration except for psychadelic lighting and two large
    barrels of Kool-Aid labled strong and weak, (meaning intense quan tities of
    acid and lesser quantities). Kesey had heard the Dead play in clubs around
    Frisco and hired them to play at his Add Tests. The Dead started through
    Kesey. where did Kesey get his initial inspi ration (as explained in Tom
    Wolfe's Eleo tric Kool-Aid Acid Test)? Where did his Pranksters and his urge
    to rage across the country come from? they came from one member of the
    Pranksters community, Neal Cassady (alias Dean Moriarity-hero of Jack
    Kerouac's On the Road, where Kerou- ac spoke firsthand about their
    adventures together). In the 1940's Cassady had un- chemically speeded-dug
    (<iig-it)-yessed his way across the continent an urcredible (yet uncounted)
    number of times, he was the hero of the "beat" generation, smoking tea,
    balling and speeding his way around the country in Drive-a-way cars. Cassady
    and his cars were one, in synch. It was as if Cassady's brain had entered
    the cars' engines, he could pass on curves, going 120 mph, and just miss
    oncoming cars by driving on the lefthand shoulder, he couldn't # stop
    moving, the police in Frisco claim that he stole 46 cars in one day. he
    could out-run, out-jump, out-talk, any man he ever met. (he met quite a
    few), (he once talked continually from Frisco to Chicago). he infected Kesey
    with the desire to cap ture each moment by moving as fast as time itself, he
    was the official Prankster driver and could trip faster than anyone in the
    group. Cassady died trying to run the length of an inter-state railroad
    track, his body just burnt out. Cassady remains as close to Kerouac as he
    remains to the Dead and Kesey. he is one of the links that makes the Dead's
    music even more interesting. "Oh what a long strange trip it's been." - from
    the Dead's American Beauty - the song, "truckin' "

Heading: FEB.
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 19, 1971

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: V

Heading: I0j$
Content: ##########H

Heading: The Inside Story on the New University Center
Content: 

Heading: d
Content: This is the main entrance and corridor of the center, as seen from the entrance
    facing Seventh St. It is seen as the mam artery of traffic up and down the
    hill, to and from the lower campus. Students will on them way up the hill
    pass down the corridor and up a flight of stairs to exit Tn the other side.
    On either side, on this level will be the post office, snack bar, bookstore,
    and main student activity areas. Photographs and story By ERIC RIESS Since
    the outer brick work of the new University Center was com pleted last year,
    members of the University community have been unable to 'monitor' the
    progress which workmen are making on the 5.5 million dollar project. In an
    effort to get the 'real in side story' John F. Zeller, vice president of
    administration and fi nance, offered to give this reporter a tour of the
    partially completed structure. Before beginning Zeller com mented that work
    was progressing on schedule in most parts, and ahead of schedule at som e
    points. He went on to note that the Center will probably be ready for use by
    fall of this year. The fourth floor of the University Center will not be
    finished by this fall because of the lack of funds. Zeller said that
    approximately $500,000 is needed to finish the top floor and provide office
    space for WVRU, 'L'Agenda,' 'The Bucknell- ian' and the Placement Service.

Heading: B
Content: The second floor is designed as general activities and lounge areas. To the left
    of the entrance will be a general listening area. This area will be divided
    into a series of smaller rooms with lounge furniture where students will be
    able to listen in groups to one tape recording which they can request, or a
    student can individually ask the attendant to put a tape on a special
    channel for his own listening pleasure. Students will also have the
    opportunity to listen to records which they bring or check out of the Uni
    versity's record library. This is the view from the major second floor
    lounge. Students, faculty, and administrators will be able to relax to piped
    in music and do whatever they please. The view is one of Idle nicest from
    the building and the atmosphere of relaxation will be further enhanced by
    the real stone wall at the back, (picture 2) These girders will support
    stairs on either side of the main entrance. When completed the staircase
    will resemble a spiral with a large light ing fixture hung from the ceiling
    of the fourth floor. Students not wishing to make the staircase journey will
    have the option of taking the elevator.

Heading: i jg
Content: 

Heading: V i i /
Content: 

Heading: S 7
Content: 

Heading: Ml
Content: 

Heading: ! I
Content: 

Heading: g /
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: 5>>aii
Content: * p < ' i n

Heading: W
Content: i  ft \ | * | !ll 1

Heading: h
Content: g|| ' ' w  ^ ll These first two pictures show the area which will be the snack
    bar, designed to replace the Bison. The first view is of the area which will
    contain booths and tables for casual 'dining' as well as an area for a dance
    floor. The pipes at the top of the picture are temporary heat ing pipes.

Heading: lift m u n i
Content: 

Heading: m  inn>>
Content: 

Heading: y
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: * >>
Content: 

Heading: mimmi
Content: 

Heading: m w m
Content: 

Heading: mimmi
Content: 

Heading: unHj!
Content: i<<*

Heading: KL
Content: 11

Heading: m
Content: The actual snack bar will be located behind the wall in the leaf of the full
    view of the room. Students will enter through an opening near the entrance
    from the main corridor and exit through this opening. The snack bar will
    probably only serve until midnight but the room will re main open and will
    have a full range of vending machines. Every student in the University will
    have a post office box in this room of the center. The combination boxes
    will all rest on top of these base units. The room faces down the hill to
    Seventh Street. This is the view from the front of the second floor. The
    setting is perfect for 'a Presi- dent's address to the masses assembled
    below' according to some. And indeed it can be equipped for that type of
    function. A major address could be heard all over the lower CaIIBehind this
    will be the central communications area for the campus, the switchboard.
    These two views of the area set aside for the bookstore attempt to show some
    of the 12,000 square feet of space which the store will utilize. Students
    will enter and exit through one large door off the mam cor ridor The 10 foot
    aisles will divide sections which will be arranged ac cording to the type of
    book sold. Paperbacks will be in one section with hard cover books in
    another and supplies in another. Warren Elze, director of the bookstore,
    will have a private office with a picture window providing him with a full
    panorama of the store. Also on the bottom floor off the main corridor will
    be three television sets, two for viewing network programming and one closed
    circuit to provide students with an up to date schedule of events every day.
    The final portion of the ground floor will be a student activities area with
    space set aside for darkroom, a game room with pool tables and Ping pong
    tables, plus what is termed an 'arts and crafts room' with facilities for
    just about any interest from sewing to large mural painting.

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: << L
Content: This is one of the dining areas designed for small groups who wish to be

Heading: SS
Content: dinner and S t  mind paying a little extra. <<  ds cmrenUy billed as a sort of
    'BuckneU Waldorf.' Faculty members coiddl meet teen wives for lunch or
    students could impress a date with the line of imra red cooking specialties.
    The restaurant can also be divided into smaller rooms for more private
    dinners. This is the view from the V.I.P. private dining room. In order to
    avoid the congestion of local restaurants, the President can entertain from
    one to 15 visiting guests. Adjoining this room will be a senes of smaller
    rooms which can be reserved by any group on campus for meet ings over a
    meal. Students or faculty can move through the scramble downstairs and then
    conduct their business in a private room upstairs. Up one full flight from
    the lower level and one half a flight from the door facing up the hill is
    the cafeteria. Designed to accommodate the entire student body, the
    cafeteria is larger than any on campus now but will be divided by a series
    of supports to try and avoid looking like a huge open room. Hopefully these
    supports will give a feeling of privacy. There will not be any of the
    traditional lines which students now experience as students will enter this
    room or scramble area to get food. Students will find main dishes at one
    place, deserts at another and drinks at still another. Students will be free
    to go from station to station picking what they want from the expanded m om
    , mid then exit and possibly pay *by the plate' for the food which they
    took. In this way experts say approximately two to three times the number of
    students that are currently served can then be accommodated. The offices of
    the food service (picture 2) staff a c cording to Zeller, will be 'the
    nicest cm campus' in term << of their view from the second floor. The
    kitchen facilities will include a bakery and short order area, along with
    the most m odem  cooking equip ment available. The cooks will find 4 walk-in
    freezers (picture 3) one each for frozen foods, vegetables, meats and
    leftovers. The final feature of the floor is the 254 seat audi torium.
    Located in the middle of the floor, it is equipped with a giant screen
    (picture 3) with rear projection fa cilities. The auditorium is designed for
    events like faculty meetings, ABS meetings, or for use during Colloquy dr
    Convocation weekends. Blackboards are available for use as well as the full
    range of visual aids If toe auditorium is not being used for a specific
    function, toe screen can be used for television viewing for events like the
    super bowl where large numbers of people want to see the same thing. . _  .
    .. ,, Behind the front of the auditorium will be the offices of the director
    of toe center, James Hammerlee. It will have a meeting room as well as
    office space. Adjoining that will be toe 'play area' of the center.

Heading: A
Content: large roan with cork walls where students can do what ever suits their creative
    fancy.

Heading: II #
Content: l i m m m m t m M m " 1

Heading: Notes &
Content: 

Heading: Comment
Content: 

Heading: leers Beat West Chester State;
Content: 

Heading: Generate High-Powered Offense
Content: s~.t . . ___ __________ << k U M A t i n By DAN MILLER Although the sports pages
    of The Bucknellian are full of the exploits of the elite of BU's corps of
    athletes, the second and third stringers rarely have the pleasure of seeing
    their names in print. Nevertheless they work just as hard and sweat just as
    much as the regulars do in practice and their contributions to the team are
    not m- What team can operate without some sort of strong bench; a reserve
    the coach can call on in tight situations? That's what relief pitchers are
    for. The other benefit of bench strength is the potential for added scoring
    punch. A swimming team can rarely afford to concede two outof three places
    in a dual meet even if first place points are assured. The same argument
    holds for track. In cross country depth has its own peculiar effect.
    Although only the first five finishers count in the scoring, it can be vital
    to have men high up in the field in order to raise an opponent s score.
    Another practical aspect of the situation is the competition a strong bench
    insures. The best times are turned in when a runner or swimmer is being
    pushed, either by a strong opponent or a second stringer looking for a
    starting slot. A wrestler will improve his timing and his execution if his
    starting role is threatened or he feels a starting berth within his Of
    course from another viewpoint a bench is essential: how can you have a
    basketball scrimmage with eight guys on the squad? A lacrosse team or hockey
    team would be vulnerable without second middies or an other scoring line. ,
    ... Ti Less tangible benefits are the considerations of morale and spirit,
    it all the guys on a team don't have the will or desire to win it becomes
    difficult to motivate the starting players with a winning attitude One
    further aspect of this question is peculiar to intercollegiate ath letics
    and only at those schools that offer a low-key athletic program. In these
    institutions there is room on a team for athletes who wish to participate
    but one not blessed with the native ability necessary to play high-powered
    college sports, thus enabling them to derive the pleasure of laboring in a
    sport he finds rewarding. _ This is a principle function of a University: to
    provide the opportunity for each student to express himself to the limit of
    the racilities available. In the athletic department this means encouraging
    specialty clubs, for example archery or a gymnastic troupe, by opening the
    appropnate facilities.

Heading: Loesch Leads Grapplers
Content: 

Heading: BY GEORGE LANE
Content: Success finally smiled on the Bi son Hockey Club last week as they picked up
    three of a possible four points in the league standings by tying Villanova
    4-4 and beating West Chester State 3-0. The Bisons led four times in the
    Villanova game, but had to settle for the tie on a disputed goal scored by
    Villanova late in the third period. The first period was almost over before
    Bison defenseman Floyd Wallace put the Blue in front 1-0 on a great
    individual effort. The teams traded two goals in the second period and one
    more in the first half of the third to put the game at 4-3 for the Bisons.
    As the final buzzer neared, a Blue victory looked imminent. But Villanova
    bounced back, as they had done all evening, and scored one last time,
    sending the Bisons home with a D. Simpkins fights for the puck. He has been
    doing an excellent job on defense as police man for the BU hockey club.
    well-deserved, but somewhat dis appointing, tie. Things looked much better
    on Sunday, however, as the Bisons faced West Chester. They combined a
    powerful offense with a tight, close-checking defense and goalie George Lane
    kicked out all 17 West Chester shots as the Bisons re corded their first
    shutout victory ever in league competition. The Bisons scored before West
    Chester had even had a shot on goal as Jim Davenport took a shot from the
    point that Dave 'Dump' Simpkins, standing in front of the net, appeared to
    tip in. Although the referee awarded the goal to Davenport, the result was
    the same; Bisons 1, West Chester 0. They added one more in the first on a
    low shot by center Paul Jewell from about 20 feet out, which seemed to be
    screened from the goalie's vision. By ALAN GROCHAL "One year's experience
    makes all the difference." This was the appraisal of sophomore A1 Loesch,
    the most successful Bison grappler with a 10-1 record. Loesch is currently
    on a seven match win streak and has pinned three opponents so far this
    season. His only loss was against Franklin and Marshall College. Al, who is
    in the 158 pound weight class, is also looking to post-season tournaments.
    He will be entering the MAC tourney and regionals. A fifth place or better
    finish in the regionals will earn him a spot in the nationals. "Coach
    Schumacher has played a large role in my development. He has stressed
    fundamentals and overall conditioning and I feel that I'm in better overall
    shape this year due to his methods." Varied strengths characterize Al's
    wrestling game. Whereas he used to be strong at riding, now his best moves
    depend on the particular match. As a freshman, Loesch compiled an 8-1
    record. He feels that he learned much under Frosh Coach Trent Smith. "Coach
    Smith was a slick wrestler and I learned much about fancy moves from him,"
    Al noted. The Bison grapplers need one more win to notch their first win
    ning season in ten years and Loe sch was equally optimistic about the
    future. "With no seniors on the squad, we should be very tough if every one
    comes out next year. The fact that several freshmen are wrestl ing varsity
    this year will give them valuable experience." Oddly, Loesch prefers to know
    nothing of his opponent before the ing of his opponent before the match. He
    can't get up for an op ponent who is "subpar," as well as for an outstanding
    wrestler. Also he doesn't always trust scouting re ports; some of his
    toughest matches have come against lightly regarded opponents. On the
    academic side, Al, an engineer, finds that wrestling it taxing his studying.
    "Approximately 3% hours total in the afternoon and evening are spent at
    wrestling practice. I really miss this time when I could be studying." When
    asked about his pre-match thoughts, Al responded, "I'm just scared that's
    all!" (Photo by Dan Boston)

Heading: IM BASKETBALL STANDINGS
Content: (through Tuesday) West Chester was a bit more sparked in the middle session as
    they held the Bisons scoreless, but constant Bison pressure finally tagged
    them for a third one in

Heading: the
Content: third period on a 15-footer by Gerry Stevick. West Chester twice came within
    inches of scoring in the third period, once on a shot that de flected off
    Lane's glove and bounc ed behind him, the other on a re bound shot placed
    between his leg and the post. Both times, however, Lane was just able to
    turn around in time to bat the puck away or cover it with his glove before
    it rolled into the net. The 41 shots on goal are the most shots taken by the
    Bisons this season and only the spectacular play of West Chester goalie Pete
    Reuter kept the game from being a rout. The Bisons hope to make a habit of
    this kind of performance as they look to make it two in a row against the
    Academy of the New Church on Monday.

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: FOR SALE: 1956 Cadillac Hearse. Excellent cond. Great for camp ing. Sleeps 4.
    Call 524-1532 or 524- 2892. League 5

Heading: IS ANYONE
Content: 

Heading: INTERESTED
Content: in teaching me to play tenor banjo? Please call 523-3493.

Heading: IND
Content: 

Heading: TKE
Content: 

Heading: SX
Content: 

Heading: SAE
Content: 

Heading: TX
Content: League 1

Heading: W
Content: 4

Heading: L
Content: 0 1 2 3 5

Heading: PKP
Content: 

Heading: KS
Content: 

Heading: PGD
Content: 

Heading: DU
Content: 

Heading: RAM
Content: League 2

Heading: W
Content: 5 3 3 1 0 League 3

Heading: LCA
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 5

Heading: L
Content: 0

Heading: C
Content: 

Heading: SPE
Content: 4 1

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: KDR
Content: 1 3

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: SAM
Content: 0 4

Heading: E
Content: 

Heading: TDX
Content: 0 4

Heading: B
Content: League 4

Heading: W
Content: 3 3 2 1 1

Heading: L
Content: 0 1 2 4 5

Heading: L
Content: 1 1 3 3 4 Edwards House Bombers Nooners Fenner Doormats Losers

Heading: W
Content: 5 4 4 3 1 0

Heading: L
Content: 1 1 2 2 5 6 Leading Scorers 1 Price 2 McGrath 3 Libby

Heading: LCA
Content: 

Heading: PGD
Content: 

Heading: PKP
Content: Avg. 15.0 14.0 13.8

Heading: VOLUM E L X X m  -- NO. 31
Content: 

Heading: TU ESDAY. FEBRUARY 23, 1971
Content: "<#*

Heading: A
Content: FOR SALE--Stereo Package. Con cord AM/FM, receiver-amplifier, Garrard table, AR
    4-X speakers, head phones; 40 albums throw-in; dirt cheap: Call 524-2898.
    STUDENT TRAVEL--Trips, Char ters. Europe, Orient, Around The World. Write
    S.T.O.P. 2150c Shat- tuck Berkley CA 94704 - or See Travel Agent.

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D
Content: 

Heading: H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: <<

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: EUROPE for $199.00
Content: 

Heading: 8 June 2 to August 28--New York to Amsterdam
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: (Round Trip) CALL SALLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: (Open only to Bucknell Students and Educational S ta ff- Price Based on 60
    Seats)

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: AAon.-Thur.
Content: 

Heading: - 9:00 -
Content: 

Heading: 11
Content: 

Heading: :30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri.-Sat.
Content: 

Heading: - - - 9:00 - 1:00
Content: 

Heading: p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sunday - - - - 7:00 - 11:30
Content: 

Heading: p.m.
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O PEN
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: 

Heading: Tue. - Thur. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. - Sat. - 11 am. - 1:30 am.
Content: 

Heading: Sun. - Mon. - 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: f A M
Content: 

Heading: P U
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: ___ WHATS PLAYING? -----

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN
Content: 

Heading: BOARD
Content: 

Heading: FRI.-SAT.-SUN.-MON.-TUES.
Content: 

Heading: FEB. 19-20-21-22-23
Content: 

Heading: Walt Disney's
Content: 

Heading: In Technicolor
Content: 

Heading: rrrrrrrrrrr
Content: ---------

Heading: -
Content: ~ * * >> << << * w * * w w * w w # w w * '

Heading: STARTING WEDNESDAY. FEB. 24
Content: 

Heading: "BORSAUNO"
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: FEB. 19, 1971

Heading: Let's Get It Straight
Content: 

Heading: WHAT PRICE PEACE?
Content: QuwmoNi

Heading: What about the U.N. and other peace-making
Content: 

Heading: organizations? Do you think they will ever succeed in
Content: 

Heading: bringing peace to the world?
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: nswer :

Heading: In this matter of peace-making, let's not fool our
Content: 

Heading: selves. The peace the world wants to promote and the
Content: 

Heading: peace that God speaks about in the Bible are two different
Content: 

Heading: things. The world thinks of peace as the absence of war,
Content: 

Heading: a state of non-aggression in which nations are free to pur
Content: 

Heading: sue their own internal policies without fear of attack.
Content: 

Heading: But
Content: 

Heading: __
Content: _

Heading: Christ's peace has
Content: 

Heading: nothing to do
Content: with

Heading: freedom
Content: 

Heading: from suffering. He says so
Content: 

Heading: Himself, in John 16:33. "In
Content: 

Heading: the world you shall have trib
Content: 

Heading: ulation: but he of good cheer;
Content: 

Heading: I have overcome the world."
Content: 

Heading: Hia peace comes to us, not be
Content: 

Heading: cause of favorable circum
Content: 

Heading: stances but in spite of unfav
Content: 

Heading: orable ones.
Content: 

Heading: Even in war,
Content: 

Heading: H is follow ers m ay have
Content: 

Heading: peace.
Content: 

Heading: Christians must always be
Content: 

Heading: peacemakers in this sense of
Content: 

Heading: the word, bringing Christ's
Content: 

Heading: m essage'of reconciliation
Content: 

Heading: with God to a troubled world.
Content: 

Heading: This does not mean they
Content: 

Heading: should not engage in efforts
Content: 

Heading: to prom ote international
Content: 

Heading: peace even in the limited
Content: 

Heading: sense described above, but
Content: 

Heading: that they should realize that
Content: 

Heading: the real difficulty lies still
Content: 

Heading: deeper.
Content: 

Heading: To be a peacemaker is to
Content: 

Heading: bring the peace of God to the
Content: 

Heading: hearts of men.
Content: 

Heading: But Chris
Content: 

Heading: tians need to be on their
Content: 

Heading: guard, both w ithin the
Content: 

Heading: Church and in the world, that
Content: 

Heading: peacemaking is not compro
Content: 

Heading: mising with evil at the ex
Content: 

Heading: pense of righteousness. Peace
Content: 

Heading: is not a state of being re
Content: 

Heading: signed to evil for the sake of
Content: 

Heading: avoiding open conflict Peace
Content: 

Heading: may actually necessitate war,
Content: 

Heading: for peace apart from truth
Content: 

Heading: and justice is a farce. The
Content: 

Heading: evil that corrupts the world
Content: 

Heading: is not fostered mainly by bad
Content: 

Heading: men but by those who will
Content: 

Heading: never take their stand upon
Content: 

Heading: principle and dare the conse
Content: 

Heading: quences.
Content: 

Heading: For free booklet,
Content: 

Heading: "W
Content: ho

Heading: A
Content: re the

Heading: R
Content: eal

Heading: P
Content: eacemakers

Heading: f"
Content: 

Heading: write to
Content: 

Heading: __
Content: BOX 327, RIDGEFIELD. N. J. 07657. Dept. BU S! m I"

Heading: U
Content: Cffij ! * j The performance of Chicago was highlighted by its being the first
    double concert in University history. (photo by Doug Abdelnour)

Heading: Concert Atmosphere
Content: 

Heading: Detracts from Show
Content: 

Heading: W \t
Content: 

Heading: Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL U N IV ER SITY . LEW ISBURG . PEN N SY LV A N IA
Content: 

Heading: Panel Discussion Slated
Content: 

Heading: Two 'Harrisburg 6' Defendants Speak
Content: By DAVID LOGAN The atmosphere on campus was *not conducive to an enjoyable con
    cert. Things around here border a little on the paranoid. Plus all the short
    changing season ticket holders were getting because of the early and
    shortened show. But all that aside, the concert barely missed leaving a bad
    taste in my mouth. Kathy Smith entertained for the first half hour of the
    Chicago show. She brought a pleasant folk delivery with very good flute
    accompani ment. This was all but drowned out by the loud drone of
    conversation from the rightfully impatient crowd. However, being rightfully
    impatient doesn't give license for talking, shouting suggestions to the per
    former and obviously sarcastic ap plause. But Bucknell audiences seem to
    think they have that license. Kathy Smith must have felt like someone dft
    the seashore trying to sing ac companied by the roar of the ocean. , The
    ocean just isn't going to stop, so she either sings with it or leaves. She
    had enough composure to let the children have their own way. Then, after
    what seemed like an

Heading: I
Content: eternity of frustration, Chicago finally appeared. Having seen Chi cago late
    this summer I knew es sentially what to expect. A smooth, professional,
    adequate show. The first show's music was good, al though they relied
    heavily on old material. The second set had more music from the new Chicago
    in album. The music was performed well, and the group did their hour and a
    half bit, including encore, and split. The only solo of note, beside the
    standard piano intro to "Does Any body Really Know What Time It Is?" and the
    tremendous flute part in "It Better End Soon," was lead guitarist Terry Kath
    trying to come off as some sort of Top 40 Alvin (Continued on Page 3) By
    JUNE CAFFREY Two of the six alleged conspira tors in the Harrisburg Six case
    will speak to the University community Sunday, February 28. Reverends Joseph
    Wenderoth and Neil McLaughlin will take part in a panel discussion in
    Vaughan Lit erature Auditorium at 8:30 p.m. with Professors Gene Chenoweth
    and Philip Withim and Mrs. Zoia Horn. Mrs. Horn is a reference librarian who
    was subpoenaed as a witness in the case before the Grand Jury in Harrisburg.
    William C. Davidon, named as one of the seven co-con spirators in the case
    and chairman of the physics department of Haver- ford College, might also
    speak. Reverend Neil McLaughlin, 30, is a graduate of St. Charles College
    and St. Mary's Seminary, both in Baltimore. Being a priest of the
    Archdiocese of Baltimore, he lived and worked in the inner city. As a member
    of the New York 8, he took public responsibility for a raid on a selective
    service office in New York City. A recent article in TIME mag azine states
    that "McLaughlin came under the Phil Berrigan influence in 1964 while doing
    summer work at St. Peter Claver Church; he has worked in the Baltimore black
    ghet to ever since. He turned increas ingly to anti-war activities after the

Heading: Adaptation of Greek Tragedy
Content: 

Heading: 'Trojan Women' Depicts Anti-War Attitude
Content: By LINDA ANNE CAPUTO The members of Cap and Dagger will present Jean Paul
    Sartre's ad aptation of Euripides' Trojan Wo men Thursday, March 11, Friday,
    March 12, and Saturday, March 13 at 8:30 p.m. in Coleman Theatre. In
    addition to these evening per formances, a matinee show will be held on
    Saturday, March 13, at 2:00 p.m. Trojan Women, subtitled "A Tragedy of What
    It Means to Win a War," relates the plight of the Trojans after the fall of
    Troy and depicts Euripides' anti-war attitude. According to Harvey Powers,
    di rector of the play, Sartre's recent adaptation of this Greek tragedy will
    be used since it gives a con temporary tone to the original text, allowing
    it to become immediately meaningful and relevant to the twentieth century
    audience. The cast for this anti-war play consists of the following: the Tro
    jans - Hecuba, Terry Ellis; Cas sandra, Joan Billig; Andromache, Sally
    Gudbrandsen; Astynax, Ni cholas Pinter; and Helen, Nancy Henry; the Greeks -
    Menelaus, Charles Pollock; Talthybios, Robert Colgan; the Soldiers - Skip
    Dorsey, Ron Hombeck, Leslie Moonves, Marc Powers, and Greg Prowant. The
    Greek Chorus includes Sue Dickler, Libby Dodd, Nancy Dona- hay, Nancy
    Kedersha, Nancy Milli-

Heading: ABS Forum
Content: The editors of the BUCKNEL- LIAX will interview the candidates for the offices
    of ABS president, vice president, and treasurer to night at 7:30 p.m. in
    Hunt Formal Living Room. All members of the University community are invited
    to attend. chap, Dianne Powers, Susan Styer, and Wendy Wenk. James Lyons,
    technical director of the University Theatre, is in charge of setting,
    lights, and cos tumes. Chris Francello is the stage manager and Sue Suhr is
    the pro duction manager. Besides the cast and managers, students selected as
    crew heads are: Construction, Jeff Hickman; systems design, Mark Lipschutz;
    costumes, Ellie Heine; lights, Jack Blyskal and Gary Koutnik; paint ing,
    Carol Bethards; props, Millard Nachtwey; sound, Ed Feibel; stage crew, Chuck
    Landau; make-up, Sno- ozy White; publicity, Trevor Lewis; posters, Richard
    Goodman; and pro grams, Doug Grove. Tickets for this production are still
    available at student discount and will be on sale in the bookstore the week
    of March 1.

Heading: Ballet, Chorale Combine Talents
Content: 

Heading: To Perform 'Carmina Burana'
Content: riots following the death of Martin Luther King, Jr., and was relieved of his
    pastoral duties (St. Martin's Parish) a year ago." As a member of the East
    Coast Conspiracy to Save Lives, Reverend Joseph Wenderoth, 35, and ten
    others, took responsibility for the destruction of draft files in Phil
    adelphia and records from the Gen eral Electric lobby offices in Wash ington
    last February. TIME magazine states, "His jour ney into radicalism began as
    a priest serving Baltimore blacks; he was relieved of his pastoral duties
    (St. Vincent De Paul Church) after taking part in a 1970 Philadelphia draft
    record burning." William C. Davidon, the third pos sible speaker, has been
    arrested twice in anti-war demonstrations. In 1966 , he was one of the six
    Ameri can pacifists expelled from South Vietnam for demonstrating against
    the war in Saigon. He is a member of the National Steering Committee of

Heading: RESIST
Content: (a nonmembership agency on the anti-war and anti draft movements and related pro
    jects) and, the National Board of SANE (a Citizens' Organization For a Sane
    World which was founded in 1957 in opposition to nuclear war fare and
    testing). Davidon is the former President of the Society for Social Responsi
    bility in Science and is also a mem ber of the peace education execu tive
    committee of AFSC (American Friends Service Committee, a Quak er action
    group). This panel discussion is being sponsored by the Bucknell Students
    for Peace, a newly created organi zation which has just gained the
    recognition of the ABS. No admis sion will be charged; however, do nations
    will be accepted with all funds going to the Harrisburg Six Defense Fund. m
    The University Chorale--under the direction of Allen W. Flock will combine
    with the Pennsylvania Bal let to perform the Carl Orff cantata "Carmina
    Burana", staged by choreographer John Butler, in Dav is Gymnasium at 8:15
    p.m. Mon day, March 1. This dramatic cantata by Carl Orff, involving both
    sacred and earthy scenes from medieval mon astic life, was first
    choregraphed by John Butler fifteen years ago for the New York City Opera.
    First danced by the Pennsylvania Ballet in 1966, it has become a favorite &
    natural sell-out for the Company in its own season at the Academy of Music
    and Temple University Music Festival, now being performed for the first time
    on its tours. Chore- fgraphically, Carmina is a mix ture of the modem dance
    idiom and classic-dance imagery. It should be noted, then perhaps forgotten,
    that John Butler is classified as a "modem-dance choreographer". He is a
    product of the Martha Graham Company, first and foremost of modernists, but
    he created Car olina Burana for classically trained and classically-oriented
    dancers, which demonstrates the versatility of these keen young artists. The
    company's roster is interna tional; it's dancers come from Yugoslavia,
    France, Australia, Jap an .Brazil, and more than a dozen states in the
    United States. The repertoire highlights the most sig nificant choreography
    of George Balanchine, Anthony Tudor, Ivan ov, Petipa, modernists John Butler
    and Anna Kokolow, and the com pany's own ballet master, Robert Rodham. In
    addition to "Carmina Burana" the dancers will perform "Les

Heading: International
Content: 

Heading: Explores '
Content: By LISSA BLOCK This spring International dub is sponsoring a weekend devoted to
    the "Third World," similar to Col loquy in its approach. On April 1 through
    April 4, guests from many universities, foreign countries, the Peace Corps,
    and religiously affiliated groups will in form the University community of
    the conditions in the Third World, a political term referring to those
    countries which are not allied with major powers of either the free or the
    Communist worlds. These areas, including Latin America, India and parts of
    Asia, Africa, and the Mid dle East, are underdeveloped as a Sylphides",
    Michel Fokine's dream like ballet and a highlight of mod em repertoires of
    ballet companies around the world. Maurice Kaplow is musical di rector of
    the Ballet and will lead the company's symphony orchestra and direct the
    University Chorale in their part of "Carmina." Mr. Kaplow is a former
    violinist of the Philadelphia Orchestra.

Heading: Weekend
Content: 

Heading: Third World'
Content: result of their status. The economic, sociological, and political development of
    these coun tries will be the theme of the Third Worl<l. Thursday and Friday
    will be dedicated to lectures and panel discussions, while movies and var
    ious representative cultural events and exhibitions will be shown on
    Saturday and Sunday. The speakers come from various backgrounds. Irving
    Horowitz, a sociologist and author from Rutgers University, will discuss the
    Three Worlds of Development, the topic of his recent work. Edisson

Heading: H.
Content: Osorio wil express his concern, as (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: #
Content: The Pennsylvania Ballet Company will perform the work CARMINA BURANA, with the
    accompaniment of the University Chorale, Monday, at 8:15 p.m., in Davis
    Gymnasium.

Heading: U
Content: -- 1-- -- r Iht Jr

Heading: A 'Pass' System
Content: 

Heading: -  -
Content: 

Heading: Why Not?
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: ** . . . ___ Vaughan I a H R M I --

Heading: ...
Content: 

Heading: Happenings
Content: 

Heading: of Note
Content: 

Heading: ......
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: It really doesn't matter who you
Content: 

Heading: ask--whether it be faculty, students,
Content: 

Heading: or administrators--one of the biggest
Content: 

Heading: problems at any university is the grad-
Content: 

Heading: ing system. So why have grades at all.
Content: 

Heading: A convincing argument for an arbitrary,
Content: 

Heading: ill-defined grading system simply does
Content: 

Heading: not exist.
Content: 

Heading: We are presently experimenting
Content: 

Heading: with pass-fail courses. The reasons be
Content: 

Heading: hind our experimentation seem, at first
Content: 

Heading: glance, to be sound. In order to evaluate
Content: 

Heading: the feasibility of pass-fail, a controlled
Content: 

Heading: study of this system should be made--
Content: 

Heading: or so the reasoning goes. However, when
Content: 

Heading: viewed from the point of view of the stu
Content: 

Heading: dent who has three graded courses and
Content: 

Heading: one pass - fail course, this
Content: 

Heading: situation
Content: 

Heading: changes. When academic pressure in
Content: 

Heading: creases past a certain degree, certain
Content: 

Heading: courses are going to have to suffer.
Content: 

Heading: Which courses? The answer is obvious.
Content: 

Heading: This may be the reason that the
Content: 

Heading: year-old experiment in pass-fail is yield
Content: 

Heading: ing discouraging results. The solution to
Content: 

Heading: this dilemma is simple: the grading^sys
Content: 

Heading: tem should be abolished and pass-fail in-
Content: 

Heading: stituted for all courses at the University.
Content: 

Heading: In this manner, students would not ne
Content: 

Heading: glect any one sourse because grade moti
Content: 

Heading: vation kept them working on three other
Content: 

Heading: courses, or two others, or one other.
Content: 

Heading: Students would again be working hard,
Content: 

Heading: but without all of the problems, restric
Content: 

Heading: tions, an worry that grades cause pre
Content: 

Heading: sently.
Content: 

Heading: Any student who takes a continu
Content: 

Heading: ous-progress course must
Content: 

Heading: achieve a
Content: 

Heading: "level of mastery" of the subject in order
Content: 

Heading: to pass the course. The differences
Content: 

Heading: among students are manifested in the
Content: 

Heading: amount of time it takes for students to
Content: 

Heading: complete the course. In regular courses
Content: 

Heading: all students complete the course in the
Content: 

Heading: same time span, but the achievement
Content: 

Heading: differs. In the latter case, all students
Content: 

Heading: must proceed at the same rate. Superior
Content: 

Heading: students are slowed down to the point
Content: 

Heading: of boredom, while slow students are
Content: 

Heading: pushed to the point of despair. Some of
Content: 

Heading: these "slow" students are able to attain
Content: 

Heading: a level of proficiency in most subjects--
Content: 

Heading: if they are given sufficient time to un
Content: 

Heading: derstand the material. Too often they
Content: 

Heading: give up all hope and fail a course, not
Content: 

Heading: because they cannot understand the ma
Content: 

Heading: terial, but because they cannot proceed
Content: 

Heading: at the same rate as the rest of the class.
Content: 

Heading: Several universities in this country,
Content: 

Heading: among them Reed College and Wesleyan
Content: 

Heading: ^University, presently operate on a total
Content: 

Heading: pass-fail type system. We propose that
Content: 

Heading: this University go a step further and in
Content: 

Heading: stitute a completely continuous-progress,
Content: 

Heading: pass-fail system. In fact, why not just a
Content: 

Heading: "pass' system ? When any student attains
Content: 

Heading: sufficient mastery of the subject to pass
Content: 

Heading: the course he should be given a " com
Content: 

Heading: pleted" on his record. If a student can
Content: 

Heading: not complete the course within a certain
Content: 

Heading: time he doesn't get penalized for it, he
Content: 

Heading: jst doesn't get credit for it.
Content: 

Heading: Why should the University have
Content: 

Heading: grades ? A stuent needs thirty-two "C's"
Content: 

Heading: (a cum GPA of 2.0) to graduate. Why
Content: 

Heading: not make it just thirty-two "passes" or
Content: 

Heading: "completed's ?" We would like to see the
Content: 

Heading: Committee on Academic Regulations re
Content: 

Heading: evaluate the reasons for the present
Content: 

Heading: grading system and the reasons for
Content: 

Heading: changing it.
Content: 00 p.m. 15 p.m. 9:00 p.m. 00 p.m. Debate Society Vaughan lit. 203 oo n m

Heading: I E E E
Content: Dana Engineering 122 00 p.m.

Heading: AA.U.P.
Content: UnS

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: PS
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: Bucknell Christian Fellowship Harris Faculty Piano Trio: Mrs. Boeringer, Mrs.
    Jenks ana Miss Tuhy Vaughan Lit. Aud. Yoga Class sponsored by Indigo Hunt
    Hall Living Room Wednesday, February 24 ,  _ _ ___ r%at rial 12:00 Noon
    Psychology Seminar: Dr. Alan I. Leshner. The Regulates"  Part 2. Coieman HaU
    2B 4:00 p.m. Visiting Physics Lecturer: Prof. F. Woodbridge Constant. "
    Mathematical Games and Physical Theories. Olin Science Aud. 45 p.m. Catholic
    Mass Rooke Chapei * 00 p.m. Freshman & Varsity Basketball vs. Delaware Davis
    Gym 00 p.m. Scholar's Club: Prof. John Peeler: " Games Senators Play
    University Lounge Visiting Physics Lecturer: Prof. F. Woodbridge Constant: "
    Some Applications of Physical Principles In The Study of The Environment"
    Coleman Hall 102A 8 00 p.m. German Program Film: " Der Hauptmann von
    Koepenick (In English) Vaughan Lit. Aud. Central Pennsylvania Psychology
    Association Lecture. DT. Jack L Daniel: " Black Rhetoric and The Power To
    Define OHn Science Aud. Thursday, February 25 , 4:45 p.m. Catholic Mass
    Rodeg* e " g * 7-30 p m. Freshman & Varsity Basketball vs. Delaware Davis
    Gym 7-30 p.m. Russian Series Film: " Revolutionaries" Visual Aids Aud. 7-30
    p m. Classes of 1972 and 1973 Film: " A Man and A Woman Vaughan Lit. Aud.
    Friday, February 26 __ ... .. , 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services Meditation_ Chapel
    8 00 p.m. Hilltop: " Rocco and His Brothers" Vaughan Lit Aud. 8:00 p.m. 8:00
    p.m.

Heading: Editorial Origins
Content: _By CHARLES MUSSMAN.

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: Courtesy
Content: To the Bucknell Student Body: Once again the Bucknell student body as a whole
    has shown its super-sophistication by being the worst act of the three which
    per formed at Friday's concert. For those of you who don't know by now, we
    are referring to the gross impoliteness shown Kathy Smith, the intro act for
    Chicago. Admit tedly, her act was anything but in spiring, but when you
    consider the noise level and the open hostility which greeted her and
    persisted throughout her act, it is almost im possible to make a really
    valid judgement as to her true ability. But worse yet, the poor job the
    sound people did concerning her guitar mike was inexcusable, especially when
    they replaced her first mike with another one which also didn't function
    properly. However, probably the biggest problem was that the Concert Com
    mittee very conveniently forgot to tell anybody that there in fact was an
    intro act--a minor oversight!? We can only say, " Bucknell, a job well done;
    keep up the good work'" Sincerely, Robert Wendel Charles Mussman Don
    Thompson Gary M. Raynor Debbie Jacobs Carl Hershner Bill Frisch Dan Nourse
    J. M. Lynch George W. Lane III John Dickerson David Hammer Laurie Butcher Ed
    Marston Nancy Schiller George Mazarakis Jane Howe Rick Gardner Dave Smereski
    participation in the January Pro gram. It should be taken into ac count,
    when evaluating the results, that many students did not bother to fill out
    this questionnaire, there by giving an inaccurate picture of what actually
    was accomplished during January. In addition, a large number of students did
    not sign up for official projects, yet studied on their own. There is no way
    of know ing about these activities if the students did not fill out the ques
    tionnaire. The possibility of changing the January Program (for example, by
    making it mandatory or by initiat ing a grading system) is perhaps being
    considered. This course of action might have detrimental effect by stifling
    the system and destroy ing the objectives intrinsic in its make-up. i.e.
    that of creating an environment in which free time may be used by the
    student for re search and independent study. This time has, in addition,
    afforded many students an opportunity for self-evaluation and has allowed
    them to develop in areas in which they had little or no previous ex
    perience. Sincerely, Officers of the Class of 1971 Jeff Sengstack Dave
    Parker Sandy Quid

Heading: Jan Plan
Content: An open letter to: Professor John W. Tilton Director, January Program Dear Sir:
    Bucknell's January Program as it now stands is unique in the United States.
    For this reason, the Class of 1971 thought it imperative that cer tain
    considerations be kept in mind during any re-evaluations that may occur
    concerning the aforemention ed program. A poll was taken at registration
    this summer in an attempt to di scern the extent of interest and

Heading: Volunteers
Content: Are you committed to helping someone else? The Selinsgrove Hospital and School
    for the mental ly retarded is drastically in need of volunteers to Work in.
    their school, psychology department, job training section, and individually
    with patients. Free transportation provided! CALL ANDREW KRAFT 3144 or WRITE
    BOX B-373.

Heading: Concert
Content: On Saturday, February 27, there will be a Folk Concert in Vaughan Lit.
    Auditorium from 8:30 to 11:00 p.m. Admission will be fifty cents. All
    profits will go to the Harrisburg Defense Fund.

Heading: W VBU News
Content: The WVBU news staff has a num ber of openings in both on-the-air and writing
    positions. If you are in terested in working with the News, please contact
    WVBU News Di rector, Keith Coughey at 1326 or 1993.

Heading: Ski Club
Content: The Bucknell Ski Club will spon sor a trip to Oregon Hill Ski Area on Friday,
    March 5. A men's and women's giant slalom race will be included. For all
    those Interested there will be a meeting at Kappa Sigma, Thursday, Feb. 25
    at 7:00 p.m., group rates are available.

Heading: Elections
Content: To the Editor: I would like to call the Univers ity's attention to the recent
    repre hensible actions of John Dunlop, dean of student affairs. Last week,
    as the deadline for fil ing as a candidate for student gov ernment elections
    (Mon., Feb. 22), several students were approached by Dunlop and were asked
    to run for President of the ABS Congress. Dunlop's motives seem to have
    stemmed from his concern that one of those who had already declared their
    candidacy was likely to win and that individual was " too radical."  Dunlop
    realizes, and prob ably rightly so, that his job as dean would be much
    easier were an " ad ministrative nigger"  to assume the Presidency. He was
    unsuccessful in finding someone who would play the role his way, but the
    idea of his even attempting to install a puppet gov ernment deserves close
    attention by all. If he is to be considered repre sentative of the
    University adminis tration, it would seem that they no longer can retain the
    confidence of the students. Sincerely, Paul Osher

Heading: Scholarship
Content: To the Editor: It is suprising that the ABS has $7000 that, in a sense, it "
    doesn't know how to spend."  It is well- known that this University does not
    have much money for financial aid. While $7000 is not that much, may I
    suggest that this amount would ful ly support three or four students for the
    Fall semester? I sandwich my idea in among the others ABS is probably
    receiving from organiza tions requesting funds for their pet expansion
    plans. Unfortunately, it is also well-known that this cam pus is hung-up
    somewhere between sorority rush and outer space. Kevin Kubista By CHARLES
    MUSSMAN Since most students really don't realize where editorials appearing
    on this page originate, the other editors on the staff have asked that this
    be clarified. . , ____ The Bucknellian Editorial Board is a group consisting
    of interested members of the academic community. The word " interested"  was
    men tioned. By this it is meant that the members of the Board take the time
    to become familiar with the issues, events, and happenings on campus and
    also in the nation and the world. . .. At the meetings we discuss some of
    these issues, express our indi vidual opinions, and try to come to some
    group consensus of opinion. After that has been decided, one member of the
    Board is assigned to write the editorial. When he composes the editorial, he
    is not expressing his own opinion, he must express the consensus opinion toe
    Board has reached P The editorials in no way necessairly reflect the views
    of t o e rest of the staff of toe Bucknellian, toe administration, or the
    student body as a WhdegEditorial Board meetings are open to the entire
    community. If you have Complaints about the editorials, or if you would like
    t o f e e  your views represented on this page, we urge you t o ^ f S ^ J r
    i a l S d 5 2 t pant in these meetings. The times and places of all
    Editorial Board meet the editorials and stop being apathetic long enough to
    form some opinions about those topics which affect all of us everyday.

Heading: Editorial Board
Content: The Editorial Board meets at 6:30 on Monday and 4:00 on Friday in Hunt Formal
    Living Room. All in terested members of the academic community are welcome.

Heading: Comments?
Content: The BUCKNELLIAN is interested in receiving comments from Ml members of the
    community con cerning any topics of concern. Ad dress letters and columns to
    Edi torials Editor, BUCKNELLIAN.

Heading: %\ye J&ttfknellian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly dm in<< the coUege year. Manber at
    Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: Chicago Concert
Content: m

Heading: mmmsmsmsmmmmmmm
Content: 

Heading: Tickets
Content: Concert Committee second se mester season tickets will be avail able until March
    5 only. The price is $10 and they are available at the Bookstore.

Heading: Discussion
Content: Friday night at 10 p.m. (after Hilltop) in the University Lounge Steve Becker
    will lead a discussion on 'A Radical View of American Liberals.'

Heading: Lecture
Content: Dr. Jack L. Daniel, Chairman of the Department of Black Com munity Education
    Research and De velopment of the University of Pit tsburgh will speak on the
    topic: "Black Rhetoric and the Power to Define" in the lin Sciences Audi
    torium on Wednesday, February 24, at 8:00 p.m. He is here as a speaker in
    the Central Pennsylvania Psy chology Lecture Series.

Heading: Journalism
Content: Peter Diamandis '53, publisher of MADEMOISELLE magazine, will bald a seminar on
    journalism in | m m

Heading: S
Content: Freas Hall, Conference Hall B, at

Heading: Ip:
Content: 

Heading: 'S3?
Content: i $ 3 p.m. Wednesday.

Heading: K
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: *

Heading: Lenten Services
Content: i

Heading: I
Content: a

Heading: Begin Wednesday
Content: By JUNE HEIST AND A series of weekly Lenten ser vices will be held in Rooke
    Chapel - beginning this Wednesday. February 24. at 10:00 p.m. On a basic
    theme of repentance, each half-hour ser * 1 vice will include informal
    singing ' '<<vf * pajil 1 and be keynoted by a different member of the
    University com

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: I I
Content: munity

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: Mrs. Jackson Hill and Rev. << u  1 >> James Gardner will present " con trition"
    as a reference point for the service this week, and Dean Leon

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: i Pacala will discuss " Christ's Pray er in Gethsemane"  on March 3.

Heading: Financial Aid
Content: Students enrolled in college this year who ARE NOT currently re ceiving
    Pennsylvania state scholar ship assistance and who believe they might
    qualify should obtain application forms at the Financial Aid Office. Ask for
    a PHEAA Group III 1971-72 application. This fonn should also be used by
    entering freshmen who graduated from high school in 1970 or later. The dead
    line for filing these forms is May 31, 1971. Students who are currently
    receiv ing Pennsylvania state scholarship grants will be mailed a renewal ap
    plication at their home address dur ing February. These should be com pleted
    and filed before April 30, 1971.

Heading: Photo Club
Content: The Photography Club will hold a meeting for all members Thursday night at 7:00
    pan. in Coleman hall 101-A. All present members and any student who would
    like to join are asked to attend.

Heading: Executive Seminar
Content: 

Heading: Features Alumnus
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: Literary Editor

Heading: TOM NOVINGER
Content: News Assistant

Heading: JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: DAVE STEIN
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: CHARLES
Content: 

Heading: MUSSMAN
Content: Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: SCOTT GEBHARDT
Content: National Adv. Manager th e b u c k n e l l ia n p l a t f o r m ,, vl. w any
    lssue and take a stand we deem in toe best interest of toe _ Y= !?.1 everv
    issue with toe responsibility that is accorded us construed velycritical
    when necessary as well aslauda- tory *vtoenappropriater>md to print the news
    with accuracy and integrity. only of the authors. _____________ , ; M
    ovirtniri >>dressed to the Editor, and must be received no late^thln s"u?day
    n o ^  tolrobU catlon in toe Tuesday edition and Wednes- for publication in
    toe Friday edition. All letters must be signed and typed double-spaced:
    however, names m a y be withheld upon request. The Editor reserves toe right
    to choose all letters for publication, and to e S  aify tetter chosen for
    reasons of space restrictions, grammatical change and offensive language.

Heading: EDITORIAL BOARD
Content: 

Heading: DAVID WEINBERGER
Content: 

Heading: STEVE WYATT
Content: 

Heading: DEAN LANDEW
Content: 

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: 

Heading: STEVE BECKER
Content: 

Heading: DOUG BROWN
Content: Focht Printing Co.. 229 M arket Street. 923-4221 O ffice. Brmd Tufts. 524-1221
    Doug Sturm on March 10, and by Dr. William McRae on March 17. A tenebrae
    (candle) service has been planned for the Wednesday fol lowing spring
    vacation. On March 8, Holy Thursday, also at 10:00 p.m. the community is
    invited to cele brate the last supper. Good Friday's service, with a ten
    sentence intro duction by a student, will be a quiet meditation on the
    crucifixion.

Heading: ' Third World
Content: ' (Continued from Page 1) a minister, for Christianity's lib eration struggle in
    Latin America. Other guests are members of the State Department, such as C.
    Ken neth Snyder, who worked with the Peace Corps in Africa, and D. W.
    Wainhouse, who was formerly De puty Assistant Secretary of State and is
    presently an international lawyer in the Foreign Service. These men and
    others will discuss the critical needs and problems of the Third World.

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 524-0744
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: 36X3<xxx3ex3<3oex3<3oooeoooo<<

Heading: Leather Fashions
Content: 

Heading: BOOTS &
Content: 

Heading: SADDLE SHOP
Content: 

Heading: PARK Rd. R.D. 1.
Content: 

Heading: SELINSGROVE, PA.
Content: 

Heading: | MILE BEYOND
Content: 

Heading: ROLLING GREEN PARK
Content: 

Heading: DAILY 4:00 - 10:00 --
Content: 

Heading: SAT. 9:00
Content: a.m. - 10:00 p.m Peter G. Diamandis '53, publisher of Mademoiselle magazine,
    will come to the campus on Wednesday, to lead the second series of Business
    Executive Seminars directed by Dr. Neil F. Shiffler, professor of busi ness
    administration. Diamandis has worked extensive ly in the advertising and
    publishing business, particularly in the area of fashion. He was associated
    with both Charm and Glamour mag azines. Only the second publisher in
    Mademoiselle's history Diamandis is also a partner and senior vice president
    of the Lampert Agency, Inc. He will lead discussions in busi- ! ness
    administration classroom 1-A Coleman Hall from 9 to 10 a.m., and will talk
    informally with engineer ing students from 10 to 11 a.m. in 2-A Coleman
    Hall. Between 1 and 2:30 p.m. an ecology film and dis cussion of
    environmental problems, sponsored by Mademoiselle, is sche duled in Swartz
    Hall Lounge. Diamandis will lead a seminar on Journalism in Conference Room
    B, Freas Hall, at 3 p.m. From 3 to 4:30 p.m., Mademoiselle's campus mar ket
    editor will head a seminar in the New Dorm Pit on careers in the fashion
    world.

Heading: Table Tennis
Content: If you are interested in joining the table tennis club being formed, please
    leave your name with Mr. James Hammerlee at the Student Programs Office, 1
    Botany, or with Jim Ludwig at Delta Upsilon.

Heading: Volunteers
Content: Laurelton State School and Hos pital for mentally retarded ado lescents and
    adults needs volun teers in all areas: speech therapy, arts and crafts,
    sewing, recrea tion, Vocational adjustment, and others. Satisfaction and
    learning can be gained through helping these students who appreciate any
    contact with people outside the in stitution. Your commitment?--Two hours a
    week. Transportation will be provided. If interested, please contact Dawn
    Maurer at 3046 or Box B-262.

Heading: Bowling
Content: The second annual Bucknell Bowl ing Tournament will be held on Saturday (9 a.m.
    to 6 p.m.) and Sunday (1-6 p.m.) of this week, at the Campus Lanes.
    Substantial cash prizes will be awarded to the top 23 finishers in each
    event. Entry fees are $3.25 for singles, $6.50 for each doubles team, and an
    addi tional $1.25 for all events competi tion (optional). AB prize money
    will be returned 100%. Trophies will also be awarded. All entries should con
    tain name(s), telephone numbers and all entry fees, and should be sent to
    Box B-327. Make checks payable to Campus Lanes. Entries close February 26.
    (Continued from Page 1) Lee. His riffs seemed mechanical, being done only to
    give people who think good music is good solo work something to be happy
    about. Kath is a good lead, but not great. The vocals were all good backed
    by the strong brass section, that, although they cracked a few times, did an
    overall good job. What was really unfortunate, though, was the crummy sound
    sys tem that sacrificed much clarity for much volume. The highlight of the
    evening came pretty early. Between numbers some of Buck nell's crew of vocal
    groupies chirp ed up with shouts of " I'm a Man." I was very pleased to see
    Terry Kath tell them that that song was no longer part of their repertoire.
    It was quite a surprise considering Chicago's emergence as one of the top
    commercial groups in the coun try (judging from new album prices, singles
    cut from old albums, etc.). A final comment has to be made concerning style.
    Chicago seemed to really enjoy performing, and ex cept for a few peace
    symbols flashed and several interjections of " Out of Sights" , they
    refrained from prostituting themselves too much. They had polish and style
    that a nice conventional school like Bucknell would (and did) eat up.
    However, even this smooth profes sionalism I found more tolerable than the
    cold professionalism and aloofness of the Band back in No vember. All in
    all, Friday night was a satisfactory evening from a muffl- cal point of
    view. But, the music was never quite able to rise above the shoddiness of
    the rest of the concert's environment.

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: 

Heading: FOR YOUR GUESTS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    Area Code 717 A small fee is charged

Heading: Juniata College
Content: in  a sso c ia tio n  w ith

Heading: Music Productions of Boston
Content: Presents In C o n c e rt

Heading: TheByrds
Content: 

Heading: & THE FLYING BURRITO BROTHERS
Content: 

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: W A R D R O B E
Content: 

Heading: 234 M arket Street.
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: #uiHHiiiiniiiiimiMiuimnmimiBiiiiiMiiiDHiBiii 111 _ _______ ____ C U P 2ND SAW
    ---------- -- ---------

Heading: !
Content: 

Heading: LOW COST, SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: ! ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: SCHEDULED IMMEDIATELY
Content: 

Heading: (212)490-3600
Content: I PROFESSIONAL SCHEDUUN6 SERVICE, l>>C. | I K 545 Fifth Ave., New York City 10 0
    17 j There is a_lee_for_ourj^^ce^_ _  J ta ia m a ra ia m a a E ig iE iE ia
    ig ia a

Heading: COLE'S
Content: 

Heading: HARDWARE
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. 17837
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1284
Content: j r a i a i z r a i E f E i g J H J H i H i a i g T H J z r g i i i a

Heading: <f//M
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: Memorial Gymnasium/ Juniata College Friday / March 12/ 8:00 P.M. Tickets/ $4.00
    Advance/ $5.00 At The Door

Heading: Tickets Available at the Bookstore
Content: 

Heading: P R E S I D E N T
Content: 

Heading: JIM LACKRITZ
Content: 

Heading: BOB NACHSHIN
Content: 

Heading: V I C E  P R E S I D E N T
Content: 

Heading: LOU BUCCERI
Content: 

Heading: RUSS PAIS
Content: 

Heading: T R E A S U R E R
Content: 

Heading: CHUCK RESNICK
Content: 

Heading: JOHN SPROUT
Content: U H H ElH H U liirinlC i _ ^ g  ^ g  g p ,f l lH,wliiifm M iiiiM iiiie iiiiiu
    iiiiniiiiiniiiM iiiiM iin ininiiniii>>n'i>> <<
    i1>>IMIIIIIMllllllllllMIIIIIMIIIMIIIIIMIIIIMIlliMI'!IM

Heading: ms nnnii
Content: 

Heading: surte
Content: 

Heading: R E C O R D I N G
Content: 

Heading: S E C R E T A R Y
Content: 

Heading: JOAN HIRT
Content: 

Heading: PAMELA M AY
Content: 

Heading: DEBBIE WRIGHT
Content: 

Heading: C O R R E S P O N D I N G
Content: 

Heading: S E C R E T A R Y
Content: 

Heading: SUE CONN
Content: 

Heading: SHARON GAVIN
Content: 

Heading: JANET RUSSO
Content: 

Heading: vote
Content: 

Heading: monomi nummi i
Content: 

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEBRUARY 23, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: j g FEB. 23, 1971

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: fj| BHiinwuMiiainnn liiimiiMiii

Heading: mm
Content: 

Heading: PS--
Content: ######-- ######################

Heading: ill
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 1 } BEi tjE A latEiiEEEEEiEEtEEm ^

Heading: M
Content: l

Heading: TV
Content: 

Heading: Another Tight One!
Content: 

Heading: Leopards Pounce Past Matmen;
Content: 

Heading: Bisons Aim for Winning Season
Content: 

Heading: Pagers
Content: 

Heading: Fall to
Content: 

Heading: Broncos,
Content: 

Heading: Host Delaware Tomorrow
Content: By JOHN GARDNER Once again the wrestling team en countered a formidable foe and
    bat tled to a thrilling, yet equally frus trating outcome. This time the La
    fayette Leopards decisioned the Bi sons 17 to 16. The meet proved even
    closer than the final score indicates because of disputed decisions by the
    referee in three of the individual matches. Tom Wason has begun to display
    his true potential. He dominated the entire match against his opponent,
    O'Brien, who captured fourth place last year in the Pennsylvania high school
    tournament. Wason showed considerable strength in his take down ability and
    overall condition ing in winning 6-4. Jim Northridge and Mark Ram- age both
    wrestled previous state champions. Northridge lost 9-4 after an exciting
    toss and turn match. With 1:10 left in the bout North ridge trapped Munn in
    a quick cradle and flattened his back to the mat, but the ref was too busy
    giving the reversal points to notice that someone was pinned. Ramage still
    remains a mystery to those who realize his skills as he lost 12-2 after he
    scored the initial takedown. Stanley Danser waltzed over his 142 pound
    opponent by an 18-0 tune. Co-captian Tom Riviore did not make a mistake in
    his 6-0 victory over state champ Gasda. Co-captain A1 Loesch was again a
    crowd pleaser as he lured and trap ped Rourke, the Leopard's captain, in an
    airtight cradle and pinned him 1:05 into the first period. After Loesch's
    match the team scores were Bucknell 14 and Lafay ette 6. Jim Schutz then
    settled to a 4-4 tie with his opponent after the ref-

Heading: S p rin g  T ra ck
Content: Anyone interested in competing in spring track on the freshman or varsity level
    should contact Coach Gulden in the gym in room 2 or at practice after 4 p.m.
    Formal prac tice starts Monday, February 29.

Heading: IM BOWLING STANDINGS
Content: (through Tuesday) eree failed to give him what ap peared to be valid predicament
    points. George Ballentine, John Skinner, and Mark Currie were all decisioned
    by their Lafayette predators. Skin ner, as did Northridge, had his man
    pinned but again the ref was off in Never Never Land and failed to award
    predicament or near fall points. Wrestling at Bucknell used to be a joke.
    Trent Smith came along as coach and started piecing together a team. The
    Bison community soon boasted of an AC champion, Tom Rivoire, and a proud
    fourth place berth for the entire team (even though both co-captains were in
    jured during the season and couldn't wrestle!) Bucknell now has this new
    coach named Rich Schumacher. " Schu" * was the National Heavyweight champion
    last year and the wrestlers feel he's about the great est guy they could
    have for a coach. Sure he's still young and inex perienced at coaching but
    you should have seen him at some of the meets, 260 pounds jitter-bugging
    along the mat's edge, while shout ing encouragement and chiding him self for
    forgetting to demonstrate a certain move during practice. And coach isn't
    the only inex perienced member of this year's team. With ten weight classes
    in collegiate wrestling, there are a total of fifteen grapplers who report
    for BU's practice, seven freshmen, three sophs, three, juniors, and one
    senior. The fact that this year's team lost two matches by one point, one
    match by two points, and another by one match points to their tre mendous
    effort and potential. So things do appear to be chang ing for Bison
    wrestling, at least for the team itself. As far as the spec tators are
    concerned, they've re mained the same. For those of you who haven't
    witnessed the change, I can only say I'm sorry that you weren't there to see
    it yourself. By KEN DOAK The Herd hoopsters suffered a 62-60 setback
    Saturday at Rider, as the Broncos' Steve Jefferson netted a 15-footer with
    27 seconds remain ing to turn back a Bison comeback bid. During the first 11
    minutes, the contest was a back-and-forth strug gle, as Chris Riley and Jim
    Dono van led the attack, and Harvey Carter controlling the backboards.
    However, BU went cold in the scoring department, and Rider grabbed a 35-29
    halftime lead. The Broncos' Bill Katz hit on several jumpers early in the
    second half to help extend the Rider lead to 50-40. At that point, the
    Bisons ran off a 16-4 burst, as Bill Peterson, Jack Darnall, Riley, and
    Carter each netted 4 points. Six points by Jefferson around a lone Carter
    free throw gave Rider a 3-point lead, before Dave Green wood deadlocked the
    game at 60-60 with a crucial 3-point play. With 45 seconds left, Greenwood
    missed a shot from underneath, and two BU follow-ups were missed, be- fore
    Jefferson hit the game-winner for Rider. The Herd had time to set up a drive
    by Darnall with 6 seconds left, but it was off the mark and Rider controlled
    an ensuing jump ball to ice the decision. Rider, now 19-4 on the season, hit
    a dismal .308 from the field, but was aided by a rebounding edge and poor
    (6-13) foul shooting by the Bisons. Bucknell was led by Riley (14 points),
    Greenwood (11 points), and " H"  Carter (10 points and 17 re bounds).

Heading: BU
Content: will hast Delaware Wednes day night, as the varsity cagers seek to up their 9-12
    record.

Heading: Rutgers Routs
Content: 

Heading: Mermen Await Engineers
Content: By MARK KNODERER Oh, there are good days and there are bad days. What Rutgers
    did to the swimming team on Saturday might be better termed " atrocity," but
    in any case the Scarlet Knights ended the Bison's five meet win streak,
    82-31. The team's lone first place came in the 20 backstroke, where Bob
    Young, after only two weeks of training, made his debut with a sparkling
    time of 2:08.5. Other than that the team's big guns were ef fectively
    silenced. Coach Russell had predicted a " buzzsaw"  at Rutgers, and if the
    diving team was an example, the team should have known something was amiss.
    On Thursday Ron Farr sprained his ankle, and had to dive with it heavily
    bandaged. When warming up before the meet Bob Richards landed on his face
    when attempting a 3% somersault, and required medical attention. There were
    several bright spots for the Bisons, however. Young is already approaching
    the form that earned him the M.A.C. backstroke championship last year.
    League 1 League 2

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: IND
Content: 12 0

Heading: TKE
Content: 11 1

Heading: RAM
Content: 9 3

Heading: LCA
Content: 9 3

Heading: KS
Content: 6 6

Heading: TDX
Content: 7 5

Heading: PGD
Content: 4 12

Heading: PKP
Content: 5 11

Heading: KDR
Content: 1 11

Heading: TX
Content: 0 12 League 3 League 4

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: SX
Content: 10 2

Heading: A
Content: 12 0

Heading: DU
Content: 12 4

Heading: E
Content: 7 1

Heading: SAM
Content: 5 7

Heading: C
Content: 5 7

Heading: SPE
Content: 4 8

Heading: B
Content: 0 8

Heading: SAE
Content: 1 11

Heading: D
Content: 0 8 Gary Norton spruits for the finish line. The rapidly improving freshman is
    the first Bison to break 11 minutes in the 1000 yard free style. (photo by
    Bob Arnold) Frosh Gary Norton continued his remarkable improvement with a
    time of 10:57.9 in the 1000 free, the first Bison to break eleven minutes
    this year. Paul Landes had his fastest 200 free time, 1:53.3, and Peter
    O'Keef fe turned in his best 500, 5:09.5. Skip Allen continued his steady im
    provement with a time of 2:14.0 in the butterfly, making him a threat at the
    M.A.C.'s. Dute Otto swam the backstroke in 2:09.4, his fastest time, and
    Matt Slick glided to a 2:22.8 in the 200 breastroke. Coach Russell said that
    the team looked tired and was not " up"  for the meet. He also noted that
    the improvement in the Rutger's times made the meet a rout more than a poor
    showing by the team itself. This week, however, the team will begin to taper
    for the M.A.C.'s. Last year's winner, Lehigh, will visit the Freas-Rooke
    naratorium this Saturday at 1:30, in what will definitely be a prelude to
    the championship. Lehigh will be in the midst of their taper also, so the
    meet will be close until the final event.

Heading: C A M
Content: 

Heading: P U S
Content: -

Heading: y* i
Content: 

Heading: y
Content: 

Heading: . w
Content: 

Heading: Y=
Content: 

Heading: y
Content: Senior Chris Riley pumps for

Heading: two
Content: big ones in last Saturday's game with Rider. Riley ended up as top scorer with
    14 points. (photo by Bob Arnold)

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: ------

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: -----

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri.-Sat. - - - 9:00 - 1:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sunday - - - - 7:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O PEN
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: 

Heading: Tue. - Thur. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. - Sat. -1 1  am. - 1:30 am.
Content: 

Heading: Sun. - Mon. - 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: THF. BUGKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: FEB. 23, 1971

Heading: Corsages -- Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: 

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . . Visit
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: 5 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. 5
Content: 

Heading: 5
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: of livin g
Content: 

Heading: .............
Content: 

Heading: You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: Jjj
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: ask for your free copy of RAGS magazine
Content: 

Heading: ............
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: ######################
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: EUROPE tor $199.00
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: June 2 to August 28--New York to Amsterdam a
Content: (Round Trip)

Heading: J|
Content: 

Heading: CALL SALLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: (Open only to Bucknell Students and Educational Staff-- g Price Based on 60
    Seats)

Heading: X
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: WED.-THURS.-FRL SAT.-SUN.-MON:-TUES:
Content: 

Heading: FEB. 23-24-25-26-27-28-- March 1-2
Content: 

Heading: 'BORSALINO' SCORES!
Content: 

Heading: Delon and
Content: 

Heading: Belmondo man their tommy guns with
Content: 

Heading: engaging flippancy!"
Content: f * * *

Heading: Playboy Magazine
Content: a Aa ALAIN DELON predettimi*

Heading: JEAN-PAUL BELMONDO /A L A IN  DELON
Content: a JACQUES DERAY film *a CATHERINE ROU VEL # LAURA ADANI * JULIEN GUIOMAR CORINNE
    MARCHAND - FRANCOISE CHRISTOPHE * MARIO DAVID CHRISTIAN DETILIERE * ARNOLDO
    FOAud MICHEL BOUQUET ................................... wnwnr niim i
    ................. ....

Heading: VOLUME LXXni -- NO. 32
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26. 1971
Content: 

Heading: 'Che jssncknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY, LE 'VISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: *

Heading: i H
Content: 

Heading: Risch Notes Concern
Content: 

Heading: Election on Mondny
Content: 

Heading: About Drug Situation Candidates Offer Views in Open Forum
Content: _ ... i in lore tl->> on turn TriiniltpC MT * i t A U i . L

Heading: I
Content: By CAROLYN PERNICE Regarding the question of whether drug use was of any bene
    fit to the academic community of this University, Thomas J. Risch, Dean of
    Men, stated there were several reasons why he felt that the use of drugs
    does not contribute to the achievement of goals set forth by the University.
    Continuing in the same vein, he expressed the main purpose of the University
    as being the " develop ment of the individual to his com plete potential." s
    In an effort to show concern and to stimulate action within the stu dent
    body, Dean Risch spoke earlier this week in both a contact lecture and an
    evening discussion in Lari- son Hall. He feels that the dependency caused by
    drug usage is not com patible with the growth and for mation of a strong and
    stable in dividual. Closely connected with this idea is the fact that " the
    existence of drugs on campus has the po tential to stifle all the elements
    of free inquiry and personal decision that are necessary to individual de
    velopment." The potential, he said, is that the campus is ripe for
    professional pushers and the representatives of organized crime who might
    try to get the students "hooked"  on the more lethal and profitable drugs.
    He went on to explain that " the drug situation on campus only serves to
    create an environment that is not conducive to good mental hygiene and
    therefore could act as the catalyst of mounting fear and anxiety in many
    people." He criticized the use of drugs as " pollutants of our bodies that
    are extremely detrimental." He said, " I wonder why people who are
    interested in anti-pollution and the environment are not as in volved in the
    protection of their own bodies." In addition, Risch emphasized the fact that
    the University, " as an academic community open to social reform and
    experimentation, should take the lead in correcting the ills of our
    society." Regarding the pressure society and the University in particular,
    is faced with, Risch feels that " this pressure could be met and sur mounted
    in ways that are not so harmful to the body and which aid the development of
    the total person to his maximum capibilities." He offered no concrete
    solutions to the drug problem, only chal lenges, " In hope that we here at
    the University will soon learn to create a climate where drugs aren't
    necessary and where people are courageous enough to live as true independent
    beings." Dean Thomas Risch stated his views concerning drug usage on campus
    at Tuesday's Contact lec ture.

Heading: ABS Uses Computer
Content: 

Heading: To Help Count Votes
Content: By CHARLES MUSSMAN In order to increase the speed and efficiency with which the
    ABS election ballots are counted, this year the student body will be mark
    ing their candidate choices on com puter cards. Craig Eby, ABS vice
    President, made the decision to computerize the election procedure in tiie
    hopes that there would be less confusion and fewer disputes about the
    correctness of the ballot count. Charles Mussman, a student who is employed
    by the Computer Cen ter as a programmer, was con tacted by Eby and has
    designed a simple system which will use the Sigma 7 computer to count the
    num ber of votes each candidate re ceives as well as the total number of
    students voting in the election. The computer will have the results in less
    than two minutes. This year, the ballots will have to be punched at the
    Computer Center, however this will be done semi-automatically; all that will
    be necessary is to divide the ballots into piles according to candidate.
    Next year, though, it is hoped that perforated computer cards can be used.
    These cards are able to be punched without the use of any machinery, simply
    by pressing out the holes with a sharp pencil. Write-ins will continue to be
    a problem. Since there is no way to easily program the computer to recognize
    and record write-in votes without humanly keypunching the name onto a
    computer card, these votes will continue to be counted by hand. Mark
    Dembert, President of Omi- cron Delta Kappa, the men's leader ship honorary,
    emphasizes that this is an experiment. Since ODK is in charge of the ballot
    counting, they will have to evaluate the new sys tem and decide whether or
    not elections will be computerized in the future.

Heading: C A R  Investigates Resolution
Content: 

Heading: Majority Oppose Phys Ed Requirement
Content: By SANDARA SELBY The Association of Bucknell Stu dents passed a resolution
    advocat ing the abolition of the physical education requirement for men and
    women last October. A subcommit tee of the University Committee on Academic
    Regulations was then formed to investigate the resolution. A questionnaire
    was distributed to almost all students, and the ma jority of these
    questionnaires were returned. Sixty-one per cent of the women who replied
    opposed man datory physical education, and 68% of the men who replied were
    also against the requirement. A majority of those who opposed the
    requqirement, especially the wo men, said that they would partici pate in
    the physical education pro gram even if it was not mandatory. As for
    distribution by class, fresh men men opposed mandatory phy sical education
    by a margin of 4-1, and freshmen women were opposed by 2-1. Among both
    senior men and women answering the question naire, a bare majority opposed
    mandatory physical education. The ABS, at its Wednesday night meeting said
    that it " has noted with interest, the result of the physical education
    survey sent to all stu dents, and expects that the sub committee report will
    reflect the desires of the majority of the Uni versity's men and women." The
    subcommittee is chaired by Dr. Paul DeHoff, assistant profes sor of
    mechanical engineering. Fac ulty committee members include Rober Latour,
    director of athletics, Margaret Peck, instructor of wo men's physical
    education, Dr. John Murphy, assistant professor of En glish, and Dr. Meldrum
    Winstead, professor of chemistry. In addition, two committee mem bers,
    Christine Ellison and Tom Rivoire, were appointed by the phy sical education
    department, and two students, Mike Holoszyc and Beth Wright, by the ABS. The
    subcommittee has met twice and is still considering the results of the
    questionnaire.

Heading: Nominees Set Forth
Content: 

Heading: Policies in Interview
Content: By TOM NOV1NGER ABS candidates for the offices of president, vice-presidept, and
    treas urer met Tuesday in a forum dis cussion to present their views on the
    University ABS policies, past and future. The forum was held in Hunt formal
    living room and was open to anyone interested. The text of the discussion
    follows on page 5. The candidates for president, Jim Lackritz and Bob
    Nachshin, were approached with a variety of ques tions. The topics included
    the posi tion of the University concerning political matters and drug policy
    and the defining of the role of ABS president. The possibilities for the
    abolishment of ABS as an outdated institution were commented upon. The vice-
    presidential candidates, Lou Bucceri and Russ Pais, also presented their
    positions. They dis cussed some of the issues covered by the presidential
    candidates plus others such as the recruitment of minority students and the
    differ ences between their platforms. Of the two students running for the
    office of treasurer, only Chuck Resnick could attend the forum. John Sprout
    was unable to be there. Resnick was questioned as to his qualifications for
    the office and any changes which he hopes to make if elected. Elections for
    these offices and the offices of recording secretary and corresponding
    secretary of ABS will be held Monday, March 1. Candi dates for recording
    secretary are Joan Hirt, Pamela May, and Debbie Wright. Corresponding
    secretary candidates are Sue Conn, Sharon Gavin, and Janet Russo.

Heading: Dean Eckberg Retires
Content: 

Heading: Committee Reviews Applications
Content: 

Heading: Wilder Discusses Understaffing
Content: 

Heading: As Major Counseling Problem
Content: By DAVID HAMMER On a number of counts, this Uni versity's Counseling Service
    does not measure up to standards pro posed by a nationally-oriented task
    force. For example, " Guidelines for Uni versity and College Counseling Ser
    vices"  suggests on its first page that " the Counseling Service, like any
    other department, requires pro fession al qualified individuals in suf
    ficient numbers to provide the necessary services." In Dr. David Wilder's
    opinion as director of the Counseling Service here, the ratio of full-time
    Ph.D's in the Counseling Service to stu dents " should be in the neighbor
    hood of one Ph.D. per 1,000 stu dents." Obviously, even such a minimum ratio
    does not exist here; Wilder is the only full-time Ph.D. (aided by a graduate
    research assistant, part- time, and a secretary) serving ap proximately
    2,800 undo-graduates. By comparison, in an April, 1969 survey, Wilder
    discovered that at least fourteen other private colleges and universities
    with comparable enrollments have 2.8 times this uni versity's Counseling
    Service staff. By this figuring, even if one more full-time Ph.D. were added
    to the Service here, the staff " would still be at a lower level"  than most
    other comparative institutions. This understaffing problem raises some
    serious questions regarding effectiveness. Whereas page five of the
    tentative " Guidelines"  states that " an integral responsibility of the
    Counseling Service is generation of research to determine the ef fectiveness
    of its services and to improve those services,"  Wilder admits that " one
    distinct weakness (due to understaffing) is in 'follow up' (subsequent
    evaluation of con sultation). We are not in a position to take the time to
    adequately evaluate the effectiveness of our (Continued on Page 6) By
    RICHARD DAY With retirement of Dr. Herbert Eckberg, Dean of the College of
    Engineering near at hand the ad hoc committee to nominate passible
    replacements has been at work. Their task is to examine, inter view and
    ultimately nominate two or three of the approximate 75 ap plicants for the
    position. The nom inations will then go to the Board of Trustees where the
    final decision will be made. When received, the committee members, in closed
    session, review each application. According to Dr. Smith, " The criteria
    upon which we will base our final decision is many-faceted." The group is
    looking for a man (or woman) preferably in his late thirties or early
    forties who has had administrative as well as re cent teaching experience. "
    We ex pect him to teach and/or conduct research,"  said Dr. Smith, " conse
    quently, we want him to be able to be 'in touch' with the student body." To
    facilitate this, the committee also hopes that the nominee will come from a
    liberal arts field so as to better understand the prob lems and frustrations
    of the ma- jority of the students at the uni versity. According to Dr.
    Smith, the com mittee, which was formed about six months ago, has worked
    extremely well and very efficiently, being " re markably free from
    politicing." He commended all the committee members as well as the faculty
    and department chairmen for their help, particularly in submitting nomina
    tions to the committee. Along with these, nominations have been forth coming
    from alumni, students, cor porate executives and school ad ministrators
    across the country. (Continued on Page 4) Dean Herbert Eckberg is retiring
    as head of the College of Engine ering this August. The committee is in the
    process of looking for a replacement for the position.

Heading: Black Symposium
Content: The Symposium guests will be present at the following classes and meetings and
    any interested person may attend. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1971 2:30 p.m.
    Lecture on the influence of the African idiom on music of the United States.

Heading: VADA BUTCHER
Content: Vaughan Lit. And. Informal dialogue on Afro-American literature and music. VADA
    BUTCHER & SANDERS REDDING New Dorm Pit Lecture on Afro-American literature.

Heading: SAUNDERS REDDING
Content: Coleman 102A MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1971 8:00 a.m. English 109 - Professor Casimir -
    Special Topics and Composi tion.

Heading: SAUNDERS REDDING
Content: Vaughan Lit. 103 9 00 a.m. Music 100A - Professor Hill - Introduction to Music

Heading: VADA BUTCHER
Content: Music and Art 201 10-12 a.m. Consultation and Discussion with English Department
    Faculty and Students.

Heading: SAUNDERS REDDING
Content: University Lounge 10-00 a.m. Music 226 - Professor Warner - Music in America

Heading: VADA BUTCHER
Content: Music and Art 204 4:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m.

Heading: V
Content: UUj

Heading: As the annual .ABS elections ap
Content: 

Heading: proach, concerned students again are
Content: 

Heading: searching for an alternative form oi
Content: 

Heading: government which would be less deceiv
Content: 

Heading: ing and hopefully more meaningful than
Content: 

Heading: the ABS.
Content: 

Heading: The ABS as it now stands serves
Content: 

Heading: three main functions. First, it adminis-
Content: 

Heading: tears the funds to which every student
Content: 

Heading: contributes through the General Fee.
Content: 

Heading: Second, it acts as a screening and ap
Content: 

Heading: pointing mechanism which, in theory,
Content: 

Heading: sees that most qualified students serve
Content: 

Heading: on the proper administrative committees.
Content: 

Heading: And third, it acts as the Official Repre
Content: 

Heading: sentative Voice of the entire student
Content: 

Heading: kdegdyBucknellians have led themselves to
Content: 

Heading: believe not only that the ABS is truly
Content: 

Heading: representative, but also that it has some
Content: 

Heading: real power other than doling out money.
Content: 

Heading: Both assumptions are incorrect. Can an
Content: 

Heading: organization which could not engender
Content: 

Heading: enough student interest^ to readily ob
Content: 

Heading: tain two candidates for its second most
Content: 

Heading: important office be called truly repre
Content: 

Heading: sentative? A truly representative body
Content: 

Heading: would have to be as apathetic as the stu-
Content: 

Heading: dents it represents, and therefore would
Content: 

Heading: not exist in the first place. Or, for that
Content: 

Heading: matteij, has this organisation which
Content: 

Heading: sought to sharpen the reflection of its
Content: 

Heading: constituency by adding Living Unit Rep
Content: 

Heading: resentatives--only to be burdened with
Content: 

Heading: popularity contest winners and dead
Content: 

Heading: wood (witness the alacrity with which
Content: 

Heading: the Senate has been dealt)--become any
Content: 

Heading: more representative than the unopposed
Content: 

Heading: oligarcy which preceded it? We doubt it.
Content: 

Heading: Perhaps a more honest form of stu
Content: 

Heading: dent organization would be a funding
Content: 

Heading: committee that so called itself and avoid
Content: 

Heading: ed delusions of representativeness and
Content: 

Heading: popular voice. This Student Funding
Content: 

Heading: Committee (SFC?) would have annual
Content: 

Heading: ly elected members and would recognize
Content: 

Heading: itseii as a
Content: 

Heading: ; -----------
Content: 

Heading: agency--and only! that. Similarly, a coni"
Content: 

Heading: mittee could also be annually elected
Content: 

Heading: whose sole duty would be to screen and
Content: 

Heading: appoint students to the various com
Content: 

Heading: munity bodies in which student perspec
Content: 

Heading: tive should be present.
Content: 

Heading: On important matters which de
Content: 

Heading: mand that the student body as a whole
Content: 

Heading: take a position, the entire student body
Content: 

Heading: would vote in a referendum: the sound of
Content: 

Heading: the Bucknell student body is not one
Content: 

Heading: voice or a handful of voices, but SOOO
Content: 

Heading: voices. A petition signed by a significant
Content: 

Heading: proportion of students would be able to
Content: 

Heading: initiate such a referendum.
Content: 

Heading: Minor policy statements might be
Content: 

Heading: drawn up at community-wide open meet
Content: 

Heading: ings at which everyone in attendance
Content: 

Heading: would have a vote. Of course, since there
Content: 

Heading: would be no elected representatives
Content: 

Heading: morally obligated to attend such a meet
Content: 

Heading: ing, the undoubtedly small attendance
Content: 

Heading: at these meetings would reflect the rela
Content: 

Heading: tive importance (to the student body)
Content: 

Heading: of the! issues being discussed. (Although
Content: 

Heading: ABS meetings are open to the entire
Content: 

Heading: student body, the lack of non-elected rep
Content: 

Heading: resentation at these meetings might ex
Content: 

Heading: press the relative importance of the work
Content: 

Heading: of ABS.)
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: Such a system, where the refer
Content: 

Heading: endum would be the major outlet of stu
Content: 

Heading: dent sentiment, would not) only allow for
Content: 

Heading: more accurate reflection of genuine stu
Content: 

Heading: dent opinion, but it would also free those
Content: 

Heading: truly
Content: 

Heading: interested
Content: 

Heading: students
Content: 

Heading: from
Content: 

Heading: the
Content: 

Heading: shackles of our current government so
Content: 

Heading: that they could serve on the very com
Content: 

Heading: mittees that the ABS is now having such
Content: 

Heading: a difficult time filling. All interested,
Content: 

Heading: nonapathetic students would be much
Content: 

Heading: more useful as functioning members of
Content: 

Heading: such committees than as power-seeking
Content: 

Heading: individuals presuming to speak for the
Content: 

Heading: entire student body.
Content: The Bison had never been so crowded, except for the y ^ snowstorm of people: if
    it only would all m elt together, like spring thaw. People huddle, pushed
    together by the w alls!.A  n a k e d J g * >>w o u U be dressed by the
    outside of his neighbor s girls, gifts under the Christmas tree, on tip-toe
    on the ledge Bison; singing, their toes curl over the edge hke divers But
    the sorority girls won't jump in. Around

Heading: ice,
Content: strip show; guys hope that the barrier between them and the lines of gins will
    remain so that they can look without fear. rheerine for Beta Gamma Beta
    Gamma Beta Gamma Rah M .  C h eeru j >> r cheers,waiting for the football
    team to com e o u tp u t th ey do nt We're all in the Bison, cheering for
    the contest because when there s no game that's the best you can do.
    sorority Doric columns of legs, the cosm etics counter of the Bison, boronry
    eve-m ake-w w m i on

Heading: l
Content: pin on the breast where all eyes now timu V oye^  s ir U  f S  exotic dancer,
    Avon lady, all brought together under one roof like a banquet in Howard
    Johnson s. rotherine in Meanwhile we invaded Laos so we invaded Lewisburg.
    Gathering m front of the library with revolutionary placards and
    expressions, the brave soldiers prepare for the Long March. , __ . - A
    leader appears, stepping up onto the brick

Heading: fence
Content: frc' 1 library, placed there to defend the library from  entrance through any
    thing except the doors. A statement of purpose is band(r)<<1 out and read
    quickly, for these are veterans: the ones who made it tteough the meet ing
    the night before. " We all know why we are here today. g The day is cold
    enough to put out a fire, but in the march to win by endurance, the body's
    discom fort is the proof of rectitude. . A crow d is gathered because we "
    have to do something Another leader speaks and says that he thinks it might
    be a good idea if foe c ! ! ! L S S n  S a r L i n  front of the Post O
    ffice Building. S o m e <<<< asks why and a leader on foe ground says, "
    There s no point in discuss ing it "  meaning that we have spent enough tim
    e taking, now le ts  do something. Do, act. Thinking is not doing. Changing
    yourself is not chang ing. Act, because sitting and wondering are m ore
    painful than a s ho r t walk on a cold day. Act, because by donating an hour
    and a haK of time wecan to help end a war, although the real war w ill go on
    burning our S0UlMilling in front of foe library, Bucknell slays foe ghost of
    apathy. A student plays piano while we try not to slurp our drinks at foe
    Class of '72 Coffeehouse. White tablecloths and someone went to New- berry's
    to bu yredcandles. Like a restaurant we sit at tables; in the back of the
    room , like at a poetry reading, we sit on foe floor. A guitar player sings
    very nicely, while foe other local talent warts m foe sitting room  reading
    a magazine. In between goes an officer of foe class carrying an empty
    dispenser marked Tea. More punch for foe coffeehouse!" (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: p
Content: 

Heading: j  n n
Content: 

Heading: i  I
Content: 

Heading: I *
Content: 

Heading: I _ ________
Content: a

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: -- THE SIDESHOW
Content: 

Heading: The Sideshow
Content: 

Heading: For
Content: 

Heading: ABS
Content: 

Heading: Abolishment
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell at Play
Content: 

Heading: FEEDBACK: Dunlop
Content: By DAVID WEINBERGER #nt1r ######

Heading: Reactions
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Let
Content: 

Heading: evening, the Bucknellian met with the
Content: * i* ___ l i ___ A T > 0 << - P i i n A n A - f m * o a i ^ a r i f

Heading: Tuesday evening, the Bucknellian met with the
Content: 

Heading: candidates running for the ABS offices of president,
Content: 

Heading: vice-president, and treasurer. The following are our re
Content: 

Heading: actions to the various candidates.
Content: 

Heading: President: Jim Lackritz suffers from lack of ex
Content: 

Heading: perience, and his views on most issues would be suf
Content: 

Heading: ficient to bring the University into the nineteen-sixties.
Content: 

Heading: Bob Nachshin has experience and seems to have all
Content: 

Heading: the right views . . . the fact that he is a seasoned poll-
Content: 

Heading: tician may be the detriment of the University.
Content: 

Heading: Vice-President: Bucceri and Pais agree (on the
Content: 

Heading: issues)
Content: 

Heading: Treasurer: Chuck Resnick would be a good book
Content: 

Heading: keeper, and his views are sufficient to bring us into the
Content: 

Heading: ^reajohn Sprout "was unable to attend" the meeting.
Content: 

Heading: CIA Plot
Content: To the Editor : Not exceedingly often does a columnist feel obligated to write a
    rebuttal to one of his own columns; nonetheless, it seem s necessary for me
    to do so. The Bucknellian of Decem ber 11 carried one of m y occasional "
    Jaun diced Eye"  columns, in which I somewhat facetiously and ironically "
    exposed"  Dennis Marchand, Clif ford Birdsall, and Leonard Smolen as "
    undercover CIA agents." The

Heading: FEEDBACK: Logan
Content: " another man upon foe moon " so what?"  the students yawn. (buried under
    incompletes awaitings signs of dawn) som e may list foe world's ills others
    suffer colds. som e will mumble others shout of their positions bold. but
    most lean back behind their words and say, " this too shall pass. consider
    that perhaps this time it won't, you silly ass. Sam Dear Editor: This is
    written to protest foe Bucknellian's act of " censorship" on my review of
    Chicago concert in the February 23 issue. The en tirety of the first
    paragraph and parts of the second were deleted without my knowledge. I think
    con sultation was in order, particularly since beginning an article in what
    originally was the second paragraph did little justice to whatever style it
    originally had as w ell as making the general thrust of foe article (the bad
    " environment" for foe concert) unclear. The reason the m aterial was de
    leted, as I understand it, were sup posed inaccuracies in foe descrip tions
    and comments made. Com ments and concerns voiced, m ay I by a number of
    Bucknellians well as m yself. I was willing then, as I am now to take full
    re sponsibility for anything I wrote. However, it should be foe responsi
    bility of foe Concert Committee add, as

Heading: IBttckneUian
Content: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY Established 1807.
    Published twice week^dunug of Associated Collegiate Press A rm ^ su b ^ u o
    n P<<(tm)" * poa office Entered as second class matter ra^ptem ner ? 1 ,
    ia~, ft Lewlsurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON --  Business Manager
Content: O ffice: Focht Printing C 0 .. 2M M artel It?***' 523-4221 Consultant: Brad
    Tufts. 524-1221

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEBRUARY 26, 1871 (who were largely foe subjects of my com m entary) to justify
    foe ac tions they took in presenting foe concert. Had m y contentions been
    proven false, I would have gladly retracted them. In the interest of voicing
    foe con cern of mem bers of the Bucknell community, though, these com ments
    were made, and I felt that these concerns deserved coverage in foe
    Bucknellian. However, the most dissapointing element of this whole affair
    was foe capitulation of the Bucknellian to the wishes of the Concert Commit
    tee. It is understandable that the Committee wishes to preserve their public
    im age.

Heading: I
Content: feel strongly, tbnngh, that no institution is above criticism , and it is unlike
    the Buck- nellian to avoid coverage of student concern with these
    established in stitutions. Hopefully foe outgrowth of all this will be not
    only a m ore responsive and responsible Concert Committee but, as well, a
    Bucknellian policy that doesn't sacrafice journalistic courage in foe face
    of pressure. Sincerely yours, David Logan Editor's Note: The following para
    graph was deleted from logan's article on the Chicago Concert. Scratch up
    another victory for the Concert Committee's cash box. Friday night's Chicago
    concert was just that, with foe second show's gate being split between
    Chicago and foe Concert Committee, with (Continued on Page 3) whole column,
    of course, was a bit of whimsey: It was intended as an exercise in faulty
    deduction, and as a good laugh. I assumed that few people would take it
    seriously. However, ever since the disclos ure of an undercover narc in Wil
    liamsport, and the revelation that a Bucknell special student had been
    playing James Bond for the Justice Department, foe level of general paranoia
    on this campus seem s to have risen quite dram atically. It has been brought
    to m y atten tion that some people have becom e so wary of secret agents
    that they harbor some suspicion of Messers. Marchand, Birdsall, and Smolen.
    I wish to stress that I selected these persons as " victim s"  because they
    all seemed innocuous and/or beneficient. To foe best of m y know ledge, none
    of them is an under cover agent. I urge m y fellow para noids to stop
    hassling Len Smolen (Marchand and Birdsall being no longer around to be
    hassled), and to forget about foe whole damned column. Peace, Ken Dowst

Heading: ABS Treasurer
Content: To the Editor: As Vice-President of the ABS and Chairman of the Elections Com m
    ittee, I would like to publicly clarify a situation that caused som e
    confusion of late. According to arti cle II, Section 5d of the ABS By- Laws,
    " The slate shall consist of at least two names for each po sition to be
    filled." As many of you are aware, Chuck Resnick was unopposed as a candi
    date for Treasurer until Monday when a petition was received from John
    Sprout. At foe tim e of the announcement of the prelim inary slate no other
    students had expres sed an interest to run for Treasurer so the Nominating
    Committee at tempted to encourage a candidacy. Meeting with failure in this
    attempt, several m em bers of foe com m ittee, m yself included, were at
    odds as to what to do and conveyed this feeling to Resnick. He was advised
    to ask people he knew to submit their names as candidates to allow for a "
    legal"  election. He was ex trem ely reluctant to act on this suggestion but
    was persuaded into mentioning foe nature of foe situa tion to his friends.
    Learning of the need for a second

Heading: 1 1 !
Content: name to appear on the ballot to validate Resnick's candidacy, John Sprout, a
    freshman who lives down the hall, submitted his name. A petition was
    obtained and circulated, and his name now appears on foe ballot.

Heading: I
Content: hope this explanation frees Chuck from  any doubts which might have been cast
    his way and foe whole affair w ill becom e a closed subject from  this point
    on. Incidently, I feel foe aforemen tioned section of foe by-laws is in
    appropriate and should be elim in ated. I cannot think of a true rationale
    for a mandatory two can didate slate, since write-ins are al lowed, the
    voter is always provided a choice. Unfortunately, by the tim e I realized
    this it was too late to change it for the upcoming election. Sincerely,
    Craig Eby ABS Vice-President

Heading: Chicago
Content: To foe Editor: David Logan's review of foe Chi cago concert brought a few points
    to my mind which I feel im pelled to relate. These center around Mr<<
    Logan's idea that the crowd had no right to voice their dissatisfaction with
    " folksinger"  Kathy Smith. To m e, foe idea that a person, after paying
    $5.50, is not entitled to voice his dissatisfaction with an act is
    ludicrous. If a person is allowed to voice his approval (by applause), it
    would seem to be markedly hypocritical not to boo an act which foe specta
    tor viewed as inferior. Just as in sports, where booing is an accepted
    happening, entertainment should not be above reproach. After all, foe
    spectator did pay his money. It seems to m e, however, that Smith was not
    booed for any. lack of ability, as foe grumblings starte^, before she had
    even started to sing. What she encountered was probably foe dissatisfaction
    of a crowd which, already shafted by being forced to attend a shortened
    'first' show, saw their precious tim e being shortened further by an act
    which no one had told them of. Unfortunately they chose to voice their
    frustrations at an innocent bystander (Sm ith). Perhaps it foe audience had
    taken foe time to think, they would have booed foe individual responsible
    for foe situation (Andrew M eyer). Des- (Continued <<a  Page 3) <<K g
    Eygfl(r)

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: ml
Content: 

Heading: iM
Content: 

Heading: #min
Content: 

Heading: Clarification
Content: To foe Editor: As a member of the University whose attention has recently been
    called to the " reprehensible ac tions"  of John Dunlop, Dean of Student
    Affairs, I would like to elicit clarification from  Paul Osher re garding
    the specifics of his accusa tion. I am sure Mr. Osher will be m ore than
    happy to answer a few simple questions in this regard, that is, presuming he
    subscribes to that hackneyed phrase: " innocent" until proven " guilty"
    (whatever that m eans). The questions: 1) What was (were) foe source(s) of
    his information? 2) Did Dunlop approach students and solicit their candidacy
    for foe Presidency of foe ABS Congress? 3) Who were the students spoken of
    in his letter? 4) Did Dunlop actually submit the judgment that one of the
    candidates who had already declared was " too radical" ? If so, when and
    whom? 5) What is an " administrative nigger" ? Is the other candidate to be
    termed such? How shall foe candidate in question be character- ^ ized? 6) Is
    it within the realm  of pos sibility that the Dean of Student Affairs,
    through the nefarious co vert subterfuge suggested, could ac tually
    perpetrate the election of a " puppet government" ? 7) What are the
    boundaries on foe participation and interests of foe ABS advisor, as he
    (Osher) sees them? Should foe answers to these ques tions conclusively
    verify foe accusa tions alleged by Mr. Osher, I be lieve foe University owes
    him a sincere thanks for his bringing these deplorable facts to our
    attention. Indeed, it might be appropriate for all of us to join him in his
    public censure. Should foe contentions prove inadequate, inaccurate, or even
    indefensible, NO LESS than the converse should prevail. * It is quite
    unfortunate that such a strong conclusion was not reached with a m ore
    convincing display of < fact (as opposed to rum or, for ex am ple). It's a
    good thing universi ties foster free thought and open- mindedness or else we
    might be susceptible to internalizing as true any idle gossip that com es
    down foe pike' Very sincerely, Chuck Resnick

Heading: Rejection
Content: To foe Editor: After careful consideration I find that I must reject foe
    accusations made by Paul Osher in his letter of Tuesday. I have had a close
    working rela tionship with Dean Dunlop for al most two years in the areas of
    foe j Independent Men's Christmas For m al and the University Committee . on
    Student Affairs. In both of these cases and in in- ** form al discussions I
    have found the Dean to be frank and open. One might charge him with being
    too cautious at times but hardly would I call his actions reprehensible.
    Even if one assumes that foe Dean is guilty as charged, I fail to see what
    difference it makes en couraging someone to run for of fice is perfectly
    fair. Further, I fail to believe that anyone on this cam pus is so mindless
    that they could be influenced and used as an " ad ministration nigger." In
    short, I lack confidence in ad ministrators when foe facts justify it and
    not on the basis of innuendo. I could find no facts to substantiate v  the
    charges against Dean Dunlop. Sincerely, Don Thompson

Heading: BUCK'S SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: 24--hour Towing
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1132
Content: 

Heading: Disturbing
Content: To the Editor: As a member of foe ABS I am very interested and disturbed by the
    accusations Paul Osher has made concerning Dean Dunlops in volvem ent in foe
    current ABS elec tions and I don't believe they should go unchallenged. If
    the charges Osher has raised are true, then I certainly feel that foe
    Congress of the ABS must review its associa tion with Dean Dunlop who is its
    advisor. If, however, Osher can not substantiate his accusations, then I
    feel it is Osher who should be denounced. In any event, I think Osher's
    letter insults foe intelli gence of foe University community. For Osher to
    expect foe student body to accept these charges with out him producing any
    evidence is both outrageous and ridiculous. What I am asking Mr. Osher to do
    is either to " put up or shut up."  I think Osher is obligated to produce
    the names of foe students involved, a clearer idea of foe conversations
    which transpired between them and the Dean and if possible even foe dates on
    which these meetings oc curred. If Osher is unable to pro vide this
    information, because as I suspect Osher based his accusa tions on either
    rumors or complete falsehoods, then I would hope that he would be man enough
    to apolo gize not only to Dean Dunlop but also to foe University community
    for attempting to smear the good name of a man who has served this
    University and its student body so well. I anxiously await Mr. Osher's re
    ply. Sincerely, Jack Hart Pres. Class of '72

Heading: Student View
Content: To the Editor: We are shocked by the blantant and unfounded accusations of Paul
    Osher in his letter of February 23. His condemnation was based, as he
    admits, solely on rumor. The letter is unjustifiably slanderous. Yet his
    attack has cast consider able doubt on foe integrity of foe Dean of Student
    Affairs, and of University administrators in gen eral. Whether this was done
    to sway the results of the impending election or to case certain inuendos
    against all administrators, we cannot be sure. More facts are needed before
    foe accusation can bear any validity. We believe the matter demands either
    proof of the allegations or a form al apology. Until such tim e, we hope the
    University will not be pre judiced by these currently unfound ed slanders.
    Mr. Osher, exactly who is manipulating puppets? Len Clayton Neil Hendershot
    Pamela May (Continued from  Page 2) And when the guitar player is done, we
    applaud her perform ance, while she steps down as unused to hearing applause
    as we are to giving honest praise. The light is on a new guitar player, not
    quite as good, as we whisper to each other, afraid to interrupt a m ediocre
    perform ance with an urn worthy word. Afterwards we stop talking to applaud,
    and then forget what we were talking about before. (Continued from  Page 2)
    pite the fact that they had a right to voice their disgust, foe crowd was
    obviously wrong in not allow ing Smith the opportunity to enter-

Heading: FEEDBACK
Content: (Continued from  Page 2) the Bucknell group getting a per centage (somewhat less
    than half) of foe gross take. The last minute success of the second show
    (recent ly justified for the campus com munity on these pages) certainly
    improves the chances of Meyer being hired by the University next year to
    book acts as well as provid ing exciting m aterial for his rumor ed
    forthcoming book. Enough per sonal slander. . . There are plenty of other
    things to write about. tain before passing judgment on her. Sincerely,
    Gordon Fletcher

Heading: A Comment
Content: To the Editor: (in response to a Bucknellian ed itorial " Keeping Score"  Feb.
    9, 1971).

Heading: SCORE SHEET
Content: Mark here how many " poor"  kids died so foe " rich"  kids can dodge their
    responsibilities as American citizens by trying to stay in college long
    enough to beat foe draft. name withheld

Heading: Editorial Board
Content: The Editorial Board m eets at 6:30 on Monday and 4:00 on Friday in Hunt Form al
    Living Room . All In terested mem bers of the academic community are welcom
    e. #nimniBiiiin

Heading: nun
Content: nam innmi

Heading: Vote Monday, March I
Content: 

Heading: ABS E L E C T I O N S
Content: 

Heading: RECORDING SECRETARY
Content: ifflHiiaim M Hi #

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: PRESIDENT
Content: 

Heading: JIM LACKRITZ
Content: 

Heading: BOB NACHSHIN
Content: 

Heading: VICE PRESIDENT
Content: 

Heading: LOU BUCCERI
Content: 

Heading: RUSS PAIS
Content: #

Heading: I
Content: #

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: JOAN HIRT
Content: 

Heading: PAMELA M AY
Content: 

Heading: DEBBIE WRIGHT
Content: 

Heading: CORRESPONDING
Content: 

Heading: SECRETARY
Content: #

Heading: SUE CONN
Content: 

Heading: SHARON GAVIN
Content: 

Heading: JANET RUSSO
Content: 

Heading: TREASURER
Content: 

Heading: CHUCK RESNICK
Content: 

Heading: JOHN SPROUT
Content: 

Heading: All Students Vote In Their Own Living Units:
Content: 

Heading: SWARTZ, KRESS. ROBERTS. TRAX, NEW DORM. HUNT. HARRIS. LARI JON
Content: 

Heading: VOTE 1:00
Content: --

Heading: 3:00 p jn . OR 4:30
Content: --

Heading: 6:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Women's Houses Vote At Larison Lobby
Content: 

Heading: Off Campus Dwellers Vote At Library
Content: 

Heading: YOTE 9
Content: ___

Heading: 11:00 cun.. 1:00
Content: --

Heading: 3:00. 4:30--6:00 p.m.
Content: #. j u i . i i M f r r f r f .................. .. #

Heading: m
Content: #

Heading: & COTTAGE
Content: 

Heading: VOTE
Content: 

Heading: AT
Content: 

Heading: Lunch
Content: 

Heading: VOTE
Content: 

Heading: AT
Content: 

Heading: Dinner
Content: 

Heading: FEB.
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 26, 1971

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: nimunimiiwnui ##imnmiimmimiii H P !

Heading: E>-
Content: A4. #MMMMMHi

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Tickets
Content: Concert Committee second se mester season tickets will be avail able until March
    5 only. The price is $10 and they are available at the Bookstore.

Heading: Q u e stio n n aire
Content: Those students who received

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN
Content: drug question naires are requested to complete and return them to Dan Martin,
    Box B-697, as soon as possible.

Heading: Free University
Content: Due to the length of the movie tonight, the first free University Discussion
    Group meeting will be postponed until March 5.

Heading: Indigo
Content: Any independent woman interest ed in running for chairman of the Indigo Steering
    Committee, please call Pat Slover at 3073 or Karen Kovacs at 1909 before
    Tuesday, March 2.

Heading: Mil Ball
Content: 

Heading: Professors Consider Establishment
Content: 

Heading: Of Collective Bargaining Measures
Content: 

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Friday, February 26 6-30 p.m. Jewish Services ,, 8:00 p.m. Hilltop: "Rocco and
    His Brothers (r) 5 ? ? m FeS "s e rrtc  Entrance M a a >> . , .Meditation
    Chapel Vaughan Lit. Aud. Carnegie Bldg. 208 Federal Service Entrance "
    <<,,,1 102 a OP>> Discussion of Psychology PM ran, Swimming vs. Lehigh Davis
    Gym Basketball vs. Rutgers Vaughan Lit. Aud. Folk Concert ^ Sunday, February
    28 ,,  oardner Rooke Chapel 10:30 a.m. Chapel: The Rev. Jam p rof vada
    Butcher Afro-American Symposium Lecture. LU Aud. Afro-American Symposium
    Discussion: and Saunders Redding Rooke chapel J S H t S Z symposium Lecture:
    * *

Heading: s r s w
Content: 

Heading: a f i M
Content: 

Heading: s a
Content: T >>  a rT S ro -A n io ric>>  Symposinn. Lector,: Prof. Afro-American Symposium
    Lecture: * * * * Afro-American Consultation and Discu^ion vnth Engiish
    Faculty and English Majors: Prof, Afro-American Symposium Lecture: Open of
    Book Display: "Woman: U>st or . f q;ik screen Prints Exhibit by Robert
    Watson Opening of Silk screen 2nd Floor Galleries Administrative Council
    Meeting Coleman Hall 103B

Heading: a & a a s s K - B S f lS S
Content: Tuesday, March 2 rwussion- Prof. J. William Moore: 12:30 p.m. Contact Lecture
    aid Discussto . New Dorm Pit **Focus On Education, Part l. Rooke chapel 4:45
    p.m. Catholic Mass 11:00 a.m. 1:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m. 8:30 p.m. 2:30 p.m. 4:00
    p.m. 4:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:30 p.m. 9:00 a.m. 10:00 a.m. 10:00 a.m. 3:00 p.m.
    4:45 p.m. 8:15 p.m. The ROTC cadets will hold their annual Military Ball in
    Swartz Hall on March 6 , 1971. Don Peebles and his Orchestra will provide
    dance music from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Due to the limited funds available this
    year, the event will be open only to cadets and their invited guests. Anyone
    interested in attending should contact a member of the bat- tallion. Tickets
    will be $3.00 per couple.

Heading: R. A. Application
Content: Sophomore and junior men and women and any 21 year old students are eligible to
    apply for resident flccjgtant positions for next year. Applications will be
    available March 1 through 10 at the University Resi dence Halls Office, 225
    Marts Hall.

Heading: Jr. Counselors
Content: Applications for junior counselors positions for next year are available from
    March 1 through 10 at the Office of Freshman Programming, 209 Marts Hall.
    Sophomore and junior men and women are eligible to apply.

Heading: Reserve Records
Content: Tony Kossinec and Sea Train albums are now on reserve at the library. Any
    students who would like to hear the groups who will be here inconcert next
    Friday night in Davis Gym should go to the reserve reading room to hear
    them.

Heading: Fireside
Content: 

Heading: FHfilMEEHlHfi GRADUATES" ^
Content: Professor EUis will host a fireside on Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. The topic for
    discussion will be "Pro fessors and Student - What Is Teaching?" Anyone
    interested in at tending please call Kay Smith at 1751.

Heading: C A Cabinet
Content: The C.A. is currently selecting members for next year's cabinet. Positions open
    are president, treas urer, and three members at large. If you are interested
    in being con sidered for a cabinet position or have any further questions
    please contact Kay Smith at 1751 or Box W-422 by March 5.

Heading: Open Theatre
Content: Monday, March 15, at 8:30 p.m. in Coleman Hall Theatre the Open Theatre
    (originators of "American Hurrah" and "The Serpent" ) wfll perform their
    latest work: "Ter minal." Tickets will be on sale at the bookstore Friday,
    March 5.

Heading: L'Agenda
Content: If you wish to order a 1971 L'AGENDA, call 3170. Books will be available in the
    fall only to those who have orders in now. 1970 and prior years are avail
    able at a cost of $3.50. If interested, caU 3170. By ANN WENGERT and HOLLY
    HACH The American Association of Uni versity Professors is considering the
    formation of a collective bargain ing agency at Bucknell. Michael Santulli,
    Asst. Professor of Phil osophy, is tentatively organizing a referendum to
    poll faculty attitudes with respect to such an agency. A recently enacted
    Pennsylvania law provides for collective bargain ing at institutions of
    higher educa tion; however, this law may be pre empted by the National Labor
    Re lations Board in the case of private schools. John Peeler, President of
    the local chapter of the AAUP, outlined some of the policies of the national
    AAUP concerning collective bar gaining. It does not support a 'union shop'
    (i.e., mandatory mem bership and compulsive strikes) or striking for purely
    economic issues. This system of collective bargain ing has been initiated at
    various institutions such as Rutgers and St. John's University. It has been
    peti tioned for by the State University of New York, Adelphi and New York
    University. It is hoped that the forthcoming referendum will provide a basis
    for the possibility of forming a collec tive bargaining agency for profes
    sors under the supervision of the

Heading: AAUP.
Content: A second topic of discussion was the method of teacher evaluation. Presently,
    the administration is re sponsible for this task and the sub sequent
    presentation of teaching awards, such as the Lindbach Awards. Among the
    ideas discussed for possible improvements were stu dent evaluation,
    departmental eval uation and college evaluation. From these suggestions,
    perhaps a better method of teacher evaluation may evolve.

Heading: Eckberg
Content: (Continued from Page 1) ^ Presently, the committee mem bers have narrowed their
    choice to about eight nominees, though they are still reviewing those nomina
    tions currently coming in. Dr. Smith added, however, that he was not at
    liberty to release any information concerning the candidates (names,
    professions, background) due to what would be considered "an in vasion of
    privacy." Hopefully, by April the committee will submit its final recommenda
    tions to President Watts and the Board of Trustees. Said Dr. Smith, "We
    fully expect to have a Dean of Engineering in the fall." Headed by Dr.
    Wendell Smith, Provost, the advisory committee consists of Dr. Ralph Walker,
    Pro fessor of Electrical Engineering; Dr. Robert Slonaker, Professor of
    Chemical Engineering; Mr. Larry Younkin, Assistant Professor of Chemical
    Engineering; Dr. James Zaiser, Assistant Professor of Me chanical
    Engineering; David Wade, '71 and Harry Kitch, '71.

Heading: Jesus Christ:?
Content: There will be an Inter-faith Week end on March 5, 6 , 7 entitled "Jesus
    Christ:?" Students and faculty are invited to attend. H interested call
    Chuck at 1441 or Mary Beth at 1751.

Heading: C A 'Contact' Series
Content: 

Heading: To Discuss Education
Content: During the three-week period from March 1 until March 19, the C.A. will sponsor
    a series of fire sides and "Contact" lecture-discus sions focusing on
    various aspects of education. Dr. William Moore, pro fessor of education
    will begin the series on Tuesday, at 12:30 in New Dorm Pit with a "Contact"
    pro gram about the survival of the private university, considering the
    nature of the education offered by "Professors and Students - What

Heading: Class '72 Initiates
Content: Is Teaching?" will be the topic for a fireside at the home of Dr. Richard Ellis,
    assistant professor of biology, on the following evening, at 7:30.

Heading: adc
Content: 

Heading: Candidates Air Views on Campus Issues in Forum
Content: 

Heading: A D O  \ jd IlU lU a iC
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: V 1 1
Content: 

Heading: f
Content: 

Heading: newstaff members, like biack pro-
Content: of the

Heading: Senate is not compatable wiffi
Content: * * nocmip nrp. setting caught. Tnere- ne

Heading: _
Content: /.<<nfnmnpo rnmmittee s version, Editor's note: The following is an edited text
    of a BUCKNELLIAN in terview with the candidates for the ABS offices of
    president, vice-presi dent, and treasurer. John Sprout, one of the
    candidates for treasurer, was unable to attend.

Heading: P re s id e n t
Content: side on "Education Outside of the Classroom." In the final "Contact" program of
    the series on Tuesday, March 16, Leon Pacala, dean of the college of arts
    and sciences will consider at-, tematives for the orientation of both
    students and faculty at a university. Programs held on campus are open to
    anyone interested. Firesides and the Cowan overnight will be on a signup
    basis.

Heading: Diploma Revision
Content: 

Heading: Cushman
Content: 

Heading: It's find out time! Time for you to findout _the role
Content: 

Heading: you might play in the company that has deigned
Content: 

Heading: or constructed over 8 billion dollars of fossil fuel,
Content: 

Heading: hydroelectric and nuclear plants.
Content: 

Heading: There's never been a more exciting time to join
Content: 

Heading: Ebasco. Forecasts call for electrical power
Content: 

Heading: systems
Content: 

Heading: 3Vz times
Content: 

Heading: the size of our present
Content: 

Heading: national systems. As an engineer at Ebasco
Content: 

Heading: you'll be in the forefront of this activity. Ebasco
Content: 

Heading: engineers always have been.
Content: 

Heading: See vour Placement Director soon to arrange a
Content: 

Heading: Q&A session with the Ebasco representative on
Content: 

Heading: fh fa S ivId a te . If .his is not con.snienJ, wide >>
Content: 

Heading: College Relations Coordinator, Ebasco Services
Content: 

Heading: Incorporated, Two Rector Street, New York,
Content: New

Heading: York 10006. An Equal Opportunity Employer.
Content: 

Heading: SERVICES INCORPORATED
Content: A Boise Cascade Company There will be a meeting for all those interested in
    taking further action on the Mort Cushman issue. AU students interested
    should meet in Hunt Formal Living Room - 7 p.m., Monday, March 1.

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE DELIVERY
Content: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m. Fri.-Sat. Sunday - 9:00

Heading: #7:00
Content: 1:00 p.m 11:30 p.m.

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEBRUARY 26. 1971

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 524-2494

Heading: O P EN
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: Tue. - Thur. 11 am. -12 :0 0  p.m. Fri. - Sat. - 11 am. - 1:30 am. Sun.-M on. -
    5 .0 0 -12 :00  p.m. 501 MARKET STREET

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA
Content: On Monday, March 8 , at 7:30 Dr. John Anderson, associate professor of economics
    and other professors from the department will lead a discussion in New Dorm
    Pit on "Crisis in Education," in which they will share some of the ideas
    which have been raised in depart mental discussions of effective teaching.
    At another "Contact" program on Tuesday, March 9, Dr. Wendell Smith,
    Provost, will comment on Dr. Moore's talk of the previous week and will
    present his views on the topic. A fireside at the home of Mr. John Zeller,
    vice president for busi ness and finance, will again focus on the question
    of the survival of the private college, this time in view of financial as
    well as educa tional value considerations. An overnight at Cowan on March 13
    and March 14, with guest Willi Unsoeld, a professor at Evergreen State
    University in Olympia, Wash ington, will deal with alternatives in
    education, innovations which are being tried at other universities. During
    the last week Thomas Risch, dean of men will host a fire- ton politics) Bob
    Nachshin: If the University remains apolitical, it is evading its
    responsibility as a university, think the University has a right to speak
    out, particularly against things which I think are moral in justices . . .
    The universities can not remain oblivious to things that are happening in
    the country. Jim Lackritz: When the Univers ity takes a stand on an issue,
    it has a tendency to speak for all of the students. I think that it should
    be up to the individuals within the Uni versity. I don't think it is right
    for the University to speak for every body. (on University government)
    Nachshin: I can't think that stu dent government can exist anymore. It is an
    anachronism. The only way that we as students can become equal partners in
    the University is if the ABS is abolished and if we have some form of a
    governing unit where the students have an equal say in the policies of the
    University. Lackritz: I am not for the abolish ment of ABS. One of the first
    things I would do in office would be to look at the basic structure of the
    ABS and find the best way to create a system which would be better for the
    students and faculty. (drugs) Lackritz: As long as drugs are illegal in the
    U.S., then any drug use by a University student is a reflection on the
    University as a whole . . .  I know it is very dif ficult to preserve an
    image when people are getting caught. There fore, I think that some
    disciplinary action should be taken as long as the University wishes to
    uphold its good standing and name. Nachshin: I don't think that the
    University should act as a law en forcement agency, nor do I think that the
    University should give in formation to law enforcing agencies about
    particular students. This is an invasion of the students' privacy. new staff
    members, like black pro fessors, should be established, (differences in
    opponents) Bucceri:

Heading: I
Content: am more realistic, but not more conservative, in my deal ings. Confrontation
    policies and ve hement assertions of student rights, however, are not
    principles of mine. There is a need to cooperate with this faculty and
    administration, yet not give in to them; this we can, and must, do. Talks
    between University officials and the officers of the class of 1972 during
    the past few months indicate the likelihood of a revision in the traditional
    diploma, to begin with the graduating class this year. The revision will
    provide for the recognition of students receiving degrees with distinction,
    in that "cum laude," "magna cum laude,'' or "summa cum laude" will appear on
    the diplomas of those students who qualify. The change was proposed to Leon
    Pacala, dean of the college of arts ,4 and sciences, early this fall by Jack
    Hart, Mike Scheinberg, and Ellen McVeigh, junior class officers, and it was
    later recommended to Wen dell Smith, University provost, by the dean.
    Florence Pyle, University regis trar, is now in the process of con tacting
    several suppliers in order to find the most efficient manner in which to
    include the distinctions. "There will be very little trouble in making the
    change," stated Mil>> Scheinberg, junior class vice presi dent. "In fact,
    most people don't even realize that the distinctions aren't included on the
    diplomas now.

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: Watch Repairing & Engraving
Content: 

Heading: 429 M arket Street
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: ^ txxxxxxxxxxxxxS6W$i36)6X>>069eXX)^^ Editor's Note: The following is a
    statement issued by the Harrisbmg .. o 1071 Two of the defendants, Reverends
    Joseph wen

Heading: Z
Content: 2 ?nd^NeHMcLauihUn, will speak in Vaughan Literature Auditorium - Southeast
    Asia. It is because of this opposition that we have 3 " T ^ i s h  for the
    victims of the brutal war has M j(r)

Heading: - J
Content: violent resistance, some of us to * e d^ U^ 'X d  States we have not unlike our
    accuser, the Government of The United Mates, we iwic

Heading: a r i
Content: 

Heading: S S i
Content: 

Heading: y  J M
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: E
Content: n ilfa c T ite G o v e rn m e n t which has engaged in kidnapping on an enormmls
    scale/lhe deportation of a

Heading: S
Content: bodians and Laotian^-from their ancient horn^ by forc^ me a o o ^ with crimes
    against humanity, it is the officials oi me u.o. w

Heading: ^ ^ s s s s s s s s
Content: has marked every stage of ^ m fm rests without warrants. S d S t d  an
    atmosphere of W j * * - '

Heading: S
Content: m i which began historically as a shield to protect toe imoceni

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: P
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: s
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: ^^^siAri'Ssrissssi's s
Content: '

Heading: S T S te tS t. tight, refusing
Content: JE 'v S S S 'w U e h ' tor >>"long has ravaged so many lands, so maw souls.

Heading: SIS STUDEHT OPERATED
Content: 

Heading: CLINIC
Content: 

Heading: LOW  COST PREGNANCY TESTS
Content: Inform ation on:--

Heading: a bortion
Content: 

Heading: BIRTH CONTROL
Content: 

Heading: ADOPTION
Content: 

Heading: 8:00
Content: 

Heading: pan.
Content: 

Heading: to 9:00
Content: 

Heading: pan. Tuesdays & Thursdays
Content: 

Heading: 129 Market Street - - - 524-9784
Content: NOTE:-- All other agencies which have advertised charge fees and refer to mere
    expensive clinics.

Heading: I H I
Content: 

Heading: V ic e-P re sid en t
Content: (abolishment of ABS) Russ Pais: I hope that ABS, as it stands now, will be
    (abolished). We need a faculty-student senate in which faculty power is
    distributed more evenly and major student fac tions on campus are
    represented more objectively. However, should a strong Senate not come
    about, we will need ABS, but a much stronger, much more effective ABS. Lou
    Bucceri: We need ABS to channel and funnel student opinion. The proposed
    faculty-student senate will be great, even if it is not adopted in full
    version. However, ABS should continue as a "coach" or "back-up body" for the
    seven or eight students who would be on the Senate. (athletics) Pais: The
    intramural sports pro gram should be strengthened .. . In view of the
    University s financial deficit, however, it is a crime that the
    intercollegiate athletic budget is so large. Funding of this program should
    be re-evaluated and trimmed considerably. Bucceri: I do not believe that
    intercollegiate sports should be abolished. Although the budget is huge and
    the benefits to the Uni versity are questionable, intercol legiate sports
    should reconstruct priorities, but remain in operation. Much of the funds
    used now for inter-varsity sports should be re- channelled for intramurals,
    (minority graups) Bucceri*. I deplore the present lack of heterogeneity in
    the student body; the isolated, artificial atmos phere here will cause the
    downfall of the University . . * Admissions officers should minimize
    athletic re cruiting and drop absurd minimum standard requirements. Pais:
    New priorities should be set, and a bigger budget for the re cruitment of
    minority students and Pais: We differ in that my op ponent will operate
    within the sys tem longer than I will. At a certain point, after I've tried
    for something without results, I'm inclined to stand up and assert that I
    won't take "no" for an answer. I will de mand effective change.

Heading: Treasurer
Content: (role of treasurer) Chuck Resnick: He is chairman of the Appropriations
    Committee of the Co-operative Funding Com mittee. As treasurer, I will
    invest igate these committees as to their effectiveness. My main goal as
    treasurer will be to devise a work able budget, one within the reach of our
    resources. (on campus issues) Resnick: I feel that the most im portant thing
    that the ABS is pre sently concerned with is the Uni versity Senate. If the
    ABS version of the Senate is not compatable with the conference committee's
    version, I would advocate a student boycott of the University Senate and all
    University governance. This Senate is very important because Uni versity
    governance would be un workable without a good Senate. However, I am against
    abolishing the ABS. Another area which I feel is im portant is the question
    of required physical education. I am opposed to required gym. As treasurer,
    I would work for the adoption of one of two proposals. First, that physical
    ed ucation be offered on a voluntary basis for eight semesters, four of them
    for credit (one-fourth credit each). There would be no segrega tion of
    classes according to graduat ing class, for example, seniors would be with
    freshmen, and co-ed classes would be offered. This plan would allow those
    students who wished to participate in a well- organized program, without
    impos ing it on others. The second pro posal would be to make gym re quired
    for one year only, with a wider range of choices as to sub ject matter.
    Another thing for which I would work is that the Committee on Stu dent
    Affairs should investigate as soon as possible the possibility of 24 hour
    open dorms.

Heading: University Discussion Offers
Content: 

Heading: Radical Viewpoint of Society
Content: 

Heading: Concert
Content: On Saturday, February 27, there will be a Folk Concert in Vaughan Lit.
    Auditorium from 8:30 to 11:00 p.m. Admission will be fifty cents. AH profits
    wUl go to the Harrisburg Defense Fund.

Heading: A
Content: free University discussion group, "Radical Views of Society," will meet Friday
    nights at 10:00 p.m. (after Hilltop) in University Lounge. According to
    Steve Becker, one of the organizers of the course, its purpose is to give
    analyses of prob lems of society and possible solu tions to such problems
    that are not discussed in establishment sources. Each week a different
    member of Lewisburg community, after giving a relatively short introduction,
    will lead the discussion on a particular topic. , . The titles of the
    various topics to be discussed are somewhat mis leading, according to
    Becker. For example, "Radical Views of Educa tion" implies that there are
    some common views about education that all radicals share. "I don't believe
    that's true. Al though there seems to be some common understanding of the
    pro blems and of what kind of solu tions are possible, there is much lively
    debate in radical circles about almost everything," said Becker. The
    following is a tentative schedule of topics to be discussed: Art as Anti-Art
    by Neil Anderson,

Heading: A
Content: Radical View of American Liberals by Steve Becker, Why Schools Should be
    Abolished by Lou Casimir, Tolstoy's Views on Eco nomics by Bill Cooper, A
    Radical View of Violence by Dick Drurnon, Women's Liberation by Lois Garvin,
    A Radical View of the Prison Sys tem by Tom Love, The Abolition of
    Individual Rights by Alan Leshner. A Radical View of the Arts by Karl
    Patten, and Circles of Con formity by Jerry Rinkus.

Heading: D
Content: 

Heading: SALES AND SALES MANAGEMENT
Content: 

Heading: TRAINING PROGRAM
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: (tm)
Content: 

Heading: e
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: t

Heading: it nrovides an initial training period of 3 months
Content: 

Heading: ancTudingZ
Content: 

Heading: weeks at a Home Office School) before moving
Content: 

Heading: into full sales work.
Content: Those who are interested in and who are found qualified in the Home Office after
    an initial period in sales. Aggressive expansion plans provide unusual
    opportunities for those accepted. Arrange with the placement office for an
    interview with:

Heading: WILLIAM H. SHILLINGSFORD, CLU
Content: 

Heading: MARCH 9, 1971
Content: 

Heading: Connecticut Mutual Life
Content: INSURANCE COMPANY * HARTFORD

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: BLUE CHIP COMPANY
Content: * SINCE 1846 an Equal Opportunity Employer

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: EUROPE
Content: 

Heading: Round-trip DC-8 J E T
Content: 

Heading: from New York
Content: For only $210* round trip, Icelandic Airlines <<tes you di rect to Luxembourg in
    the heart of Europe for best connections to everywhere. Oaily jets. *1(r)
    groups to join. Stay one day or ud to 45. Fly Icelandic-- for low est fates
    tb Iceland, Luxem bourg, England, Scotland, Nor way, Sweden and Denm ark.
    Special fares for students and groups remaining overseas more than 45 days.
    Major credit cards --o r Pay Later Plan. Mail coupon: then call your travel
    agent. *Add $20 one way on Fri. and Sat. To: Icelandic Airlines 630 Fifth
    Ave., N.Y. 10020 (212) PL 7-8585 Send folder CN on Lowest Jet Fares to
    Europe # Student Fares Q State. ----------- My travel agent Is

Heading: _Z!p-
Content: 

Heading: ICELAN DIC
Content: AIRLINES o QMFUMamSSi

Heading: uOWEST
Content: 

Heading: AIRFARES
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: t o
Content: 

Heading: e u r o p e
Content: j of any scheduled airline t h e

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEB. 26, 1971

Heading: PAGE
Content: 

Heading: FIVE
Content: << a -- m i-- *#*-- m

Heading: Draft Resistance Entails
Content: 

Heading: Planning and Dedication
Content: Features Editor's Note: The follow ing letter was released by the re cently form
    ed Draft Counseling Service, to inform  draft resisters of the legal aspects
    of returning their draft cards to their local boards. The letter was
    specifically intended for the information of seven University students who
    re cently perform ed this means of protest, yet it may be of interest to any
    student involved with the draft. Returning a draft card or burn ing it for
    that matter takes a great deal of commitment and a sharp change in direction
    on the part of the registrant. Because of the re cent statements of mem bers
    of our community we felt it was necessary to outline the steps a draft
    resister is liable to be put through. A registrant can no longer be issued
    an induction order because he is delinquent (Breen v. U .S.). A draft
    resister cannot be given an induction order m erely because he returned his
    draft card. His lottery number must have been reached before his local board
    can draft him. For example, if my lottery number were 340 and I received an
    induction order I would have ex cellent grounds for a procedural error case
    on the part of the local board if I could determine that just one registrant
    with lottery number 339 and classified I-A had not re ceived an induction
    order. Warning Upon receiving the registrant's draft card the local board
    will either return it to him with a warn ing of how severe the penalties for
    such action are or place the draft card in the registrant's file and wait
    until his lottery number com es up. A draft resister will be or rather
    should be processed just as any other registrant. If and when his lottery
    number comes up he will receive an induction order if he is m edically fit.
    Just returning the card is not that dangerous, it is rather the thought and
    conviction behind the act that is dangerous. (Just recently, however,
    Selective Service officials on the West coast seem  to be taking a new line
    of judisdiction; two registrants in Washington were arrested for just
    returning their draft cards). The one loophole for a raw deal is the pre-
    induction physical. All draftees are required to have pas sed a physical
    within twelve months prior to induction. The local board has the power to at
    any time order the registrant to take a pre-induc tion physical examination.
    In reality, you, the registrant, are not usually given an order to report
    for a pre-induction physical unless it looks like you are going to be
    drafted. You will, however, receive such an order if your lot tery number is
    coming up; the board must give you an order. Re fusal to report to this
    examination is quite illegal. Usually the board forgets about the pre-
    induction physical, thinking that they can ex amine the registrant at the
    tim e of induction. While prosecution in this case is rare, it does happen
    (Jim Love who graduated last year was arrested for refusing to attend his
    preinduction physical). Choices If you do not attend the pre-in duction
    physical and the board takes no action or if you decide it would be best to
    attend the physical you have the following choices when induction rolls
    around: 1. Do not attend the induction cerem ony and risk a chance of being
    arrested at an awkward m om ent; 2. Refuse induction at the induction center
    and in m ost places risk the sam e loss of sanity waiting for the FBI to com
    e knocking at your door; 3. Be drafted. If you refuse induction at the in
    duction cerem ony, you're going to go through a lot of questions with a
    federal agent that would probably be wise hot to answer. Lately the trend in
    the big cities such as Chicago, New York, and possibly Philadelphia in the
    near future has been to arrest refusers at the in duction center-on the
    spot. In light of this, if you are going to refuse induction at the
    induction center it might be wise to have someone to bail you out or speak
    for you if you hope to get out on personal recognizance. After that com es
    ar raignment and trial. Trial Location It is also important to note that the
    registrant has a choice of where his trial is going to take place. Any man
    can have his pre induction physical and/or his induc tion moved to another
    state or court district as long as he has an address in that district. This
    is an important point because most law yers feel that the m erits of the
    case are not as important as the attitude of the judge. A sketchy summary of
    the different judicial attitudes in the country can be ob tained from  SIS
    counselors. Defense of the registrant is hard. Unless the board has com m
    itted a procedural error he has either com mitted an act of resistance or he
    hasn't. One defense that draft re- sisters stand by is an attack of the
    system  such as 'conscription is un constitutional without a declaration of
    war.' An outline of such a case can be obtained from  one of the SIS
    counselors. If found guilty, prison sentences range from  six months to five
    years. An alternative to prison, de pending solely upon the attitude of the
    judge, is probation with man datory work in the national in terest. This is
    m ore and m ore (he trend in and around Philadelphia with those draft
    resisters who strike the judge as 'conscientious.' A Recent Case In parting,
    the story of a Puerto Rican draft resister m ay raise som e hopes. The
    registrant was convicted of refusal to enter the Army and was sentenced to
    jail. He appealed and the judge, realiz ing the hostility on the island to
    ward the draft, changed the sen tence to one hour which the resister had
    already served. Not satisfied, the registrant is appealing that de cision!
    This has been pretty com pressed- a list of great books on the subject is
    available in the back room  of the Bison. Feel free to com er one of us
    anytime. Peace. SIS Draft Counselors By KARL BLAKE Features Editor's Note:
    This article is the first in a series dealing with ecology at the
    University. It was condensed from  an article by Curt Chandler in the
    January, 1971 issue of the Bucknell Engineer. The University's Physical
    Plant has taken some steps towards re ducing the dam age done to the en
    vironment by the University com munity. One obvious source of pollution on
    campus is the pollution of the air from  the power plant smokestack. Some
    precautions were taken to minimize pollution from  this source when the
    plant was built in 1949. The stack was m ade unusually wide to reduce the
    velocity of flue gases and allow particles to drop to the bottom of fee
    stack, instead of be ing carried out w ife fee smoke. The stack was also
    made unusually tall, so feat wind currents would carry smoke away from  fee
    campus. An oversize stoker was used to increase burning efficiency. At fee
    same time a third boiler was added to fee plant in 1961, fee plant began
    using bituminous coal instead of anthracite coal, because of the soft coal's
    lower sulfur con tent. The coal now used has .6 to 1.5 percent sulfur,
    somwhat below federal requirements. The use of natural gas was considered,
    but rejected due to fee restricted sup ply. A vibrating grate type stoker,
    the first of its kind in fee state, was installed to provide m ore com plete

Heading: Counseling Service
Content: 

Heading: Let's Get It Straight
Content: 

Heading: DISCONTENTED?
Content: 

Heading: Q
Content: uestion :

Heading: H
Content: ow can a system that teaches us to be content in trouble, and look for-our
    happiness in another world, produce anything but spineless do-nothings?
    Contentment in the present state of the world is a crime, and those who
    preach it are criminals against society.

Heading: A
Content: nswer : I strongly suspect that you are confusing content ment with complacency.
    The Bible says, "Be content with such things as ye have'' and " Godliness
    with contentment is great gain."  It teaches us not to desire or seek for
    more than is necessary, not to be unduly anxious even about nec essary
    things, nor to seek to obtain them by improper means. It does not forbid us
    to provide for our needs. But having used all lawful means to obtain them,
    we are to cast our care upon God. What is criminal about this kind of
    contentment? " Nor does it teach us to look for all our happiness in the
    next world, but assures us that Christians will have a great deal of joy in
    this one. True Christians will be found to be the hapoiest of men, with a
    peace of heart, a love of God and their fellow men, and a well-grounded hope
    for th e life  to com e th at beats anything atheism  can offer. Habitual
    discontent can only produce unhappiness and disorder in this world. The
    (Continued from  Page 1) services," in addition, because counseling services
    to students con sume staff time during fee aca dem ic year, " research is
    lim ited to summer and vacation periods." Certainly, then, it seem s feat
    prime concerns of a University Counseling Service, like fee so-called "
    follow up"  and research are relatively ne glected because of a lack of
    quali fied personnel. The four-week waiting list, too, hampers effectiveness
    of fee Ser vice, and is directly related to fee insufficient number of
    professional personnel. Wilder admits feat " those who have immediate deep-
    rooted. developmental problems are necessarily " turned away," and only
    those persons who have rela tively minor problem s eventually receive
    assistance. This inference would seem to strip fee Counseling Service of its
    most significant role. (It must be added feat priority does exist in em
    ergency cases; however, an " em ergency"  depends upon fee " secretary's
    assessment" oi fee situation.) The long waiting list and fee need for the
    Counseling Service to offer other types of assistance such as group work and
    consultation wife resident assistants (which is lim it ed now) have been
    subjects of in dividual and organizational concern for some time. Letters
    from  AWS and numerous students, editorials by fee Newman Idea and fee cur
    rent ABS investigatory committee ____________ cur mm save ------------------
    - B ible nowhere enjoins us to be complacent about the su f ferin g around
    us but to do all w e can to com bat and relieve it. But Christian contentm
    ent helps us to bear our personal troubles in a  hopeful spirit, know ing
    that when w e com m it our lives to God, righ t w ill fin ally trium ph. A
    ny system that robs m an o f that content m ent is a crim e, fo r  it takes
    aw ay his com fort on earth and deprives him  o f all hope o f com fort in
    heaven.

Heading: LOW COST, SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: i ABORTION i
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: J SCHEDULED IMMEDIATELY j
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: (212)490-3600
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: I PROFESSIONAL SCHEDUUN6 SERVICE, I bc .| | 545 Fifth Aw, New York City 10017 j
    There It

Heading: a
Content: fee fw "!f

Heading: _
Content: __

Heading: J
Content: #I I I 1 1 1 a headed by Pete Holmes and Jeff Sengstack, attest to the
    displeasure felt because of an understaffed and, therefore, seemingly
    inadequate Counseling Service. This lack of personnel (or full time Ph.D.'s)
    in fee Service at this University is evidently due to fee lack of m oney;
    indeed, W ilder un derstands that " budgetry lim ita tions"  are fee reason
    for his lim it ed operation. Yet, Wilder's " needs have been known for four
    to five years."  (W ilder reports directly to John Dunlop, dean of student
    af fairs who, in turn, reports to fee Provost and fee President). This whole
    matter reduces to fee question whether an understaffed Counseling Service is
    better than none at all. If only those individuals with relatively
    peripheral problem s eventually receive assistance, and if " follow-up"  is
    virtually nonex istent, can fee presence of a Counseling Service be
    justified? Dr. Wilder remarks feat "there are serious questions about
    whether a Counseling Service should con tinue to exist if it is seriously
    under staffed. Students' attitudes are af fected concretely. Long waiting
    lists interfere w ife satisfactory resolution of students' problems while,
    at fee same tim e, creating dissatisfaction." Furthermore, according to one
    Counseling Service director at an other school, " a basic minimum in
    Counseling Service staffing is necessary to realize any substantial effect.
    Below fee minimum level, a Counseling Service is really not capable of
    demonstrating its capa bilities." Yet, as Wilder points out, " with out a
    Counseling Service, there might be m ore emotional problem s, and a less
    wholesome channeling of students' energies, but there would be no direct
    feeling of dis satisfaction."  Perhaps only a satis factory elimination of
    the under staffing problem  can resolve this University's Counseling Service
    troubles and, consequently, relieve the seemingly mounting student
    frustration w ife fee service. combustion of the coal, and at a lower
    temprature. The University apparently feels feat fee installation of devices
    which would drastically reduce fee emission of particulate would be
    prohibitively expensive. Another problem is fee disposal of solid wastes.
    Most of ferae wastes are disposed of through in cineration. The " federally
    approv ed" incinerators in the newest dorms, Swartz and New Dorm , in sure
    that all combustion takes place within fee combustion cham ber and not in
    the chimney. Some of fee efficiency of these units is lost, how ever,
    because students put into fee garbage many unsuitable m aterials, such as
    glass and organic wastes. Some sorting of fee garbage is done before
    incineration, but the only econom ical means of achieving com plete
    separation would be w ife student cooperation. Outdoor burning has been
    elimin ated. No incinerator w ill be installed in fee new University Center.
    All rub bish from  fee Center will be dis posed of in fee Lewisburg landfilL
    Alternatives to fee present meth od of solid waste disposal include
    recycling, installation of a central incinerator, rem odeling of present
    incinerators in fee older buildings, and disposing of all trash in fee
    Lewisburg landfill. Recycling is regarded as too ex pensive. It would cost
    at least $15,000 a year. To dispose of fee trash in fee landfill fee
    University could either work fee present packer truck, which com pacts
    trash, two shifts, or it could buy a second truck. The estimated cost of fee
    first option would be about $19,600 a year; fee second, $17,800; fee third,
    $10,450. In addition to dealing w ife pro blems of air pollution and solid
    waste disposal, fee University has attempted to reduce water pollution. The
    Physical Plant uses phos phate free, bio-degradable cleaner in campus
    buildings. Of fee five cleaning products used by the laun dry only one, a
    bleach used in small quantities, contains a significant amount of
    phosphates. A search is on for a substitute. A ceram ic holding tank below
    fee Olin Science Building captures waste water from  labs, m ixes it, and
    allows it to neutralize itself be fore it is released into fee sewers. This
    process, however, is of un certain effectiveness. The garbage disposals used
    by fee kitchens reduce fee solid waste problem , but also put nutrients, in
    cluding phosphates, into the water. These are only partially removed by
    primary treatment. Lewisburg does not have secondary treatment facilities.
    DDT and m ercury compounds are no longer used on fee campus and golf
    .course. However, fertilizer con taining phosphates is still used, sup
    posedly only in amounts which soil tests show to be necessary. All
    University cars run on low octane gasoline, and unleaded gas oline is used
    in all but one vehicle. One must conclude that fee Uni versity continues to
    be guilty of pol lution, but it is certainly relatively innocent in
    comparison w ife most other segments of society. Uni- Bill to F or free
    booklet, "

Heading: How
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: ill

Heading: C
Content: hristians

Heading: B
Content: s

Heading: J
Content: udged ?" w rite to BOX 327. RIDGEFIELD. N. J. 07657. Depi. BU

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELL IAN
Content: FEBRUARY 26, 1971

Heading: SUMMER in EUROPE tor $199.00
Content: 

Heading: June 2 to August 28--New York to Amsterdam
Content: (Round Trip)

Heading: CALL SALLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: (O pen on ly to B uckn ell Students and E ducational S taff-- P rice B ased on
    60 Seats) PINNED: Sue Garland, '73 (Indiana versity of Pennsylvania) to
    Hicks, KDR '73. Sharon Handforth, AXO 71 Jim  Hodgetts, SAM 70. ENGAGED:
    Cheryl Cooper, AP '73 to Rod Shaw, '72 (West Virginia Univers ity). Sue
    Hood, BG 71 to John Drumm, LCA 70. Carolyn Lauer, '73 to Jerry Gry-
    czkowski, '72 (Cal. Tech.). Barbara Moudy, AXO '72 to Dave Shaffer, 72. * *
    * Please send announcements of pInnings, engagements, and wedd ings to "
    Private E ye,"  Box B-697.

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Comeback!
Content: 

Heading: Swimmer Overcomes Injury;
Content: 

Heading: "* '
Content: 

Heading: on MACs
Content: 

Heading: leers Gain Upset Victory
Content: 

Heading: By Valiant Team Effort
Content: 

Heading: Young Sets Sights
Content: ^ 1.1

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: <<<<nil OF!. By MARK KNODERER When fee swimming team  meets the Engineers from
    Lehigh tomor row afternoon, Bob Young will make his first, and only, home ap
    pearance in a meet this y en . Bob Young is a young man worth com ing to
    see. A month ago Bob Young was on crutches and could not bend hm left leg at
    all. Next week he wdl

Heading: fry
Content: to defend fee MAC backstroke title he won last year as a fresh man. For Bob
    Young is a tremend ous athlete with an incredible amount of desire. Freshman
    year Bob did not go out for soccer, but chose to play water polo instead.
    Last fall, he went out for fee soccer team , and after two weeks had
    established him self as a starter at center for ward, (the key offensive
    position). Coach Reynolds notes ''The key word for Bob Young is attitude. He
    is a very gifted athlete, but his

Heading: BU Ski Champs
Content: 

Heading: BY BOB WENDELL
Content: The University American Insti tute of Chemical Engineers (AIChE) Student Chapter
    participated m fee Third Annual AIChE Skifest on Sunday, February 21 at Big
    Boulder Ski Area. This event was sponsored by fee Penn State student chapter
    Three mem bers of fee University AIChE entered fee slalom race. Kirk Bishop
    72 becam e the Nation al AIChE Ski Champion by taking first place in fee
    Individual Com petition. Clair Wheeler 74 added to the Bucknell honors by
    com ing m second, while Ron Mertz 71 placed seventh. , , ,, By also winning
    first place in fee Team  Competition, fee University AIChE becam e fee
    National AIChE Ski Champions for 1971. This was won by the University of
    Colo rado fee past two y ea rs. The Uni versity Chapter hopes to be able to
    defend its title next year. attitude is fee thing that win en able him to
    outdo many others. Even as a sophomore, he was a leader on fee team ." In
    fee soccer team's opening game against Pitt, Bob scored fee team 's first
    goal of fee season. A minute later he was writhing on fee ground w ife a
    badly tom  cartilage. Although he continued to exercise fee leg, he was
    effectively out for fee season. But he didn't give up. He cam e to every
    practice, and went to away gom es in the capacity of a manager. Come
    November, Bob turned to fee other sport at which he excells, swimming. Bob
    worked hard for a month, and appeared on fee way to a fine season. But fee
    night before Christmas vacation he badly wrenched his knee. On January 13 he
    entered Divine Providence Hospital in Williamsport and had his left
    cartilage rem oved. On January 27 he discarded his cratches and began
    walking. Still, he could not bend his leg. He spent hours alone in fee pool
    learning how to do a flip turn w ife one leg, and also strengthened fee bad
    leg w ife weights. When second semester began, Bob rejoined fee team, and
    has been swimming two workouts a day since. Gradually fee knee unstiffen- ed
    and he could do a regular turn. Last Saturday he swam in his first m eet of
    fee season against Rutgers, and won fee backstroke in an amaz ing 2:06.5.
    Why has he stuck to it, when it would have been so easy to just forget
    swimming this year? Last year, when we lost fee MAC'S coach (Russell) said
    if we wanted to wm it back we had to have everybody back. Besides, if you
    miss a year of swimming, it's almost impossible to com e back." Bob credits
    coach Russell w ife much of his inspiration which made him determined to
    press on. He drove me to fee hospital for my operation, and fee very next
    day he cam e to visit m e. He cam e in at seven o'clock three days a week
    and Sunday mornings just to watch m e swim." Russell, in turn, passes much
    of fee credit to Bob. " His com eback has been one of the most incredible
    things I've seen in fifteen years of coaching. He is truly a remarkable
    individual." . His goals? " I hope to place in the 100 and 200 backstroke at
    the MAC'S "  If dedication is a measure of success, Bob Young will achieve
    his goals. By JIM DAVENPORT The Bison Ice Hockey Club con tinued its winning
    ways Monday, w ife an outstanding 7-5 effort against fee Canadian-sparked

Heading: A-
Content: cadem y of fee New Church. Due to the Bisons' slow start, ANC was able to build
    up an early two goal lead. It was then that fee Blue offensive gears began
    to fern as Terry Ellenberger deflected a shot past Academy's goalie for fee

Heading: Spring Track
Content: Anyone interested in competing in spring track on fee freshman or varsity level
    should contact Coach Gulden in fee gym in room  2 or at practice after 4
    p.m. Form al prac tice starts Monday, February 29.

Heading: Herd In Invitational
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL Involving fee largest number of trackmen ever sent to an indoor
    meet by BU, fee Delaware Invita tional will be run tonight and Satur day. .
    Twenty to twenty-five Bisons will attend fee two-day meet which in cludes an
    open m eet tonight and an Invitational meet Saturday. Only two of BU's
    trackmen have been invited to Saturday's meet feus far, but Coach Gulden
    expects m ore to qualify during tonight's meet. Rich Francel and Bob Smith
    are the Herd's entrants Saturday. Fran cel w ill run fee 880 while Smith is
    in the triple jump. Others whom Coach Gulden ex pects to qualify are Len
    DiUinger in fee high jump, Glenn Clayton in the 60 yard dash, and John Lam
    er in fee 1000 yard or m ile runs. The Delaware Invitational is tne final
    tune-up before fee IC4A East ern Championships next weekend. Bisons' first
    goal. The first period ended w ife Academy on top 3-1 after they scored no.
    3 on a sizzl ing shot from  fee point. The Bisons' confidence grew as they
    watched their goalie, George Lane, repel all shots in the second period.
    This was the incentive fee leers needed. Just, on the ice after a penalty,
    Jim  Davenport took a pass from Ellenberger and convert ed it into a score.
    Shortiy feer^ after Ellenberger again fooled tne goalie on a high shot which
    bounced off his shoulder into fee net. Floyd W allace, agile Blue
    defenseman, rounded out the scoring m the second with a twenty foot blast,
    the assist going to Geoff Walker. This gave fee Bisons a 4-3 lead after two.
    One player commented feat Lane's perform ance in fee goal that period was
    fee best he had ever seen by a Bison goalie in recent years. The third
    period opened w ife Paul Jewell taking a pass from  Gerry Stevick and
    scoring on a long rant to the goaltender's left. ANC then began to spurt as
    they scores quickly and cut fee Bison s lead to 5-4. Then, w ife only 3%
    minutes re maining, they tied fee game at 5 . But fee power combination of
    Hunt Worth and Gerry Stevick put fee Blue ahead to stay w ife just two
    minutes remaining, on a well-placed shot by Stevick. An empty net goal by
    Davenport, scored after ANU pulled their goalie for a sixth for ward in a
    last-ditch effort to gam a tie, finished fee scoring.

Heading: m
Content: !!!1

Heading: THINK
Content: 

Heading: ABOUT A
Content: 

Heading: CAREER IN
Content: 

Heading: GOVERNMENT
Content: 

Heading: t a l k
Content: 

Heading: TO
Content: 

Heading: WE'LL BE
Content: 

Heading: ON CAMPUS
Content: 

Heading: SOON
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: Contact your campus placement office

Heading: Interview your
Content: 

Heading: interviewer.
Content: 

Heading: Interviewing isn't just a chance to dgplay ^ t t s k 'q u e s I o ^ T o
Content: 

Heading: get information about employ
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: COuld affect how much you
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: 7
Content: 

Heading: (tm)
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: I S
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: k
Content: 

Heading: you enjoy is what t fs aflabout.
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Do you
Content: 

Heading: have a training program? Describe it.
Content: 

Heading: 2  What specific responsibilities are trainees given.
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: What percentage oi your management
Content: 

Heading: . . #
Content: 

Heading: are products ot a training program?
Content: 

Heading: come from a specific area or school,
Content: 

Heading: hold graduate degrees?
Content: 

Heading: 4
Content: 

Heading: What percentage of your management openings are
Content: 

Heading: filled from within?
Content: 

Heading: . ,
Content: 

Heading: -,
Content: 

Heading: 5
Content: 

Heading: If I join your firm and decide to change fields, can
Content: 

Heading: be done within your firm.
Content: 

Heading: 6
Content: 

Heading: What's the cost of living and the housing situation
Content: 

Heading: where I'd be employed?
Content: 

Heading: 7
Content: 

Heading: Does your company
Content: 

Heading: have
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: :
Content: 

Heading: l
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: f
Content: 

Heading: V
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: d
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: How does your company's rise and growth compar
Content: 

Heading: with others in your industry.-'
Content: 

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: What is your company doing in the way of pubh
Content: 

Heading: 10
Content: 

Heading: How' does your employee turnover rate compare with
Content: 

Heading: 11
Content: 

Heading: i t r e  m u r i C l e . negative aspects of the fob you're
Content: 

Heading: offering. What are they.
Content: 

Heading: M A R C l T I
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEB. 26, 1971

Heading: PAGE SEVEN
Content: 

Heading: Interviewing the interviewer
Content: 

Heading: is an important step in select
Content: 

Heading: ing your career. And because
Content: 

Heading: w e're one of the w orld s
Content: 

Heading: largest insurers, a State Farm
Content: 

Heading: interview is a good way to
Content: 

Heading: investigate a number of career
Content: 

Heading: fields. Right now we have op
Content: 

Heading: portunities in accounting,
Content: 

Heading: actuarial science, claim s,
Content: 

Heading: electronic data processing, in
Content: 

Heading: vestments, law, management
Content: 

Heading: and underwriting. Our re
Content: 

Heading: cruiter will be on your campus
Content: 

Heading: March 4.
Content: 

Heading: Arrange
Content: 

Heading: an interview through your
Content: 

Heading: Placement Office. Then bring
Content: 

Heading: your questions.
Content: 

Heading: STATE FARM
Content: 

Heading: INSURANCE,
Content: g o o d  w a y  to vestm ents, < ,

Heading: STATE FARM INSURANCE
Content: C O M P A N IE S ^ A n ^ u a l 0 >> deg ^

Heading: mm
Content: 

Heading: SI
Content: 

Heading: J
Content: i g l l i g l ^ g g B M M M I 'i 'l ' 111 .. >>

Heading: Swimmers Work Toward MAC's;
Content: 

Heading: Host Tough Engineers Tomorrow
Content: _ ____ . _____ * __ -e e _____ *. fr\r* ,n<a in fh o  fin r in t fT M S tv lfiS
    .

Heading: P R E S S  B O X
Content: . By ERIC RIESS By MARK KNODERER Alright! The fun and games are over. It's time
    to get down to work. Such is the attitude of the swimm ing team as they head
    down the home stretch of the 1970-71 season, and seek to reclaim the MAC
    title they lost last year. This week the team has begun to " taper"  for the
    championships. For four months they have been averag ing about 5,000 yards a
    day; the dis tance men perhaps about 7,000. The swimmers, bodies cannot
    complete ly recover from day to day, and, as a result, performances during
    the season are not overly outstanding. Now the workouts are becoming
    shorter, with emphasis on " quality" rather than " quantity." The body
    recovers completely, and is burst ing full of energy from all the pre vious
    conditioning. Such a " taper" generally takes about ten days, and can be
    done effectively only once a season. Dick Russell's time table has the
    team's superior effort planned for next Thursday, Friday, and Satur day.
    Tomorrow, however, the prime contender for that championship, the Engineers
    of Lehigh, come into town for a dual meet. Lehigh has a multitude of stars
    returning from last year's champions, and are sure to battle the Bisons for
    every point. in the freestyle events, the En gineers feature sprinter Phil
    Hogan, middle-distance man Alan McGra- gor, and distance man Bob Sine. Hogan
    won the 50 last year, took second (to O'Keeffe) in the 100, and won the 100
    butterfly. MacGregor took second (to O'Keeffe) in the 200 fourth in the 500,
    and fourth in the 100 fly. Sine placed fourth in the 200, third in the 500,
    and third in the 1650. He is a 2:07 backstroker as well. Lehigh's
    breastroker, John O'- Loughlin has posted the best time in the league
    (2.22.7). and is a good I. M. man. vre in the sprint freestyles. Lehigh won
    all three relays at the MAC'S last year; two components of their record-
    setting medley relay graduated, however. Diver Tom Dil- lman took second on
    both the 1- meter and 3-meter boards. The warnings are clear: The En gineers
    are dangerous and must be stopped! They are likely to be on the prowl next
    week at Temple, and the team hopes that any students who live in the
    Philadelphia area will drive down to participate in the hunt. However, for
    the preview of next week's action come to the Freas- Rooke Pool this
    Saturday at 1:30 p.m.

Heading: Blue Hens Beat Herd
Content: 

Heading: A s
Content: 

Heading: Substitutes Shine
Content: By KEN DOAK Bison basketball fans witnessed a dismal first 31 minutes Wednesday
    night, before BU made things inter esting, in a 79-69 loss to Delaware's
    six-man team. The Blue Hens, who have seen seven men quit their squad this
    season still managed to up their season record to 11-13. Down 4-3 early in
    the game, the Herd then scored only one field goal f i r ing the next 8
    minutes and fell behind 16-8. The Hens upped the halftime m argin to 31-18,
    as John McMillen dropped in 14 points in the second period. Following the
    break, BU whittled the lead down to 36-25. Delaware then outscored the
    Bisons 19-3 to virtually lock up the contest, as they led 55-28 with 9:15
    remaining. At that point John Ramsay came into the lineup and coincidentally
    the team began to score. BU aban doned Coach Smith's " point a min ute"
    offense, and began to play a scrambling run-and-shoot type of game. Sparked
    by substitutes Ramsay, Jack Darnall and Ken Heron, plus Harvey Carter, the
    Herd racked up an amazing 41 points, to Delaware's 24, durint the last 9
    minutes. The key to this surge was the tough work underneath by Carter, who
    seems to thrive on the running game. He ended up with 20 points and 14
    rebounds. Darnall chipped in with 11 points, while Ramsay hit 7-7 from the
    free throw line and handed out several nice assists. For Delaware, Lee
    Swayze played a fine game and led all scorers with 26 points. The Hens
    committed numerous fouls in the latter part of the game, and ended up with
    only one player with less than 3 fouls. It is interesting to project how
    many men Delaware would have had left at the end if Bucknell had played
    wide-open ball the entire way. Judging from crowd reaction to the game, it
    appears that this idea would appeal to a lot of people. This game was not a
    test of that because it was not close, but it would be interesting to see
    the Bi sons run from the start. The frosh added to the disaster, giving away
    a 17-point lead in the last 5 minutes to lose 75-73. Paul Kerr led the
    attack with 28 points as the Baby Bisons finished their season at 10-7. The
    varsity, now 9-13 for the season, will conclude their season against Rutgers
    tomorrow night in Davis Gym. Tp- i|p, ' ifgpfill! WElEEEEEEEEEEMe W ffiz '

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: SS
Content: ' c,  * >*=--1

Heading: !!!!1
Content: Ron Farr shows excellent form off the high board. The sophomore is counted on
    heavily to pick up valu able team points in the upcoming MAC championships.
    (photo by Bob Arnold)

Heading: Rifle Team Loses;
Content: 

Heading: Aims for Delaware
Content: 

Heading: Football Hall of Fame Elects Hinkle
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE The National Football Foundation Hail of Fame has announced
    that Clark Hinkle will be inducted into the Hall at a dinner in New York
    this year. Hinkle starred in football from 1929 to 1931 at Bucknell and set
    many records. In 1929 against Dick inson, Hinkle scored 50 points. His 21
    touchdowns and 128 points led all Eastern collegiate scorers. Hinkle was
    named to the AP, UP, INS, and NEA All-East teams in 1931 as he led Bucknell
    to a 6-0-3 record, the only undefeated team in the East. In his career, he
    scored 37 touchdowns and 230 points. Hinkle joined the Green Bay Packers in
    1932 and garnered many honors as he was selected All- League in 1936, 1937,
    1938, and 1941. In his pro career he carried the ball 1,171 times for 3,860
    yards, and 367 points. This is not the only major honor that has been
    awarded Hinkle, how ever; in 1964 he was elected to the Pro Football Hall of
    Fame at Can ton, Ohio, and in 1966 was named to the Helms College Football
    Hall of Fame. Clarke Hinkle is now 50 years old and works as a sales
    representa tive for JPM Company here in Lewisburg.

Heading: IM BASKETBALL
Content: 

Heading: LEADING SCORERS
Content: Pts. By MIMI STARR This past weekend found the Bucknell rifle team on the losing
    end of a 1249-1235 score. Contribut ing to the BU effort against Kutz- town
    were scorers Ron Mertz, John Tubbs, John Dickerson, Mimi Starr, and Karen
    Reid. Because of Saturday's loss, BU now shares third place in the league
    with Kutztown. This Saturday is the last league match for BU as the team
    travels to Delaware. The team is hoping for a victory to break its three
    match losing streak.

Heading: IM BASKETBALL
Content: (Trough February 23) League 1 League 2 Few Bison sports fans realize it, but the
    University's department of intercollegiate athletics is currently
    undertaking a senes of tests to de velop new competitive sports. At least
    this was the conclusion I came to when I recently observed activity in Davis
    Gym. The secret tests are conducted only when it rains, in hopes of dis
    couraging spectators, but have been going on for approximately one week. The
    fact that practice for spring sports also has been going on for one week
    leads to the conclusion that most of the new sports will be initiated in the
    Spring. Director of Athletics Robert A. Latour has skillfully used the
    practices conducted by the coaches of the spring sports as a coyer for his
    activities. By carefully having each team practice at the same time, and
    then adding freshman and varsity basketball practice, to the maze of running
    jump ing men, Latour has concealed his research. The source of funds for the
    research has not been determined, but apparently there are no federal funds
    involved and the pentagon is still m the dark about the project. Latour has
    not officially commented on his activities, but this reporter has done some
    investigations and come up with the basic fundamentals for some of the new
    games. In the first of the 'new' sports Latour has sought to combine tennis
    with golf. The game would be played on a grass tennis court, and would begin
    when one player teed up a tennis ball and stroked it over a net into his
    opponent's court. The player who had received the serve has the option of
    hitting the ball back while it is in the air or after it bounces once. This
    pattern con tinues until one player hits the ball into the sand traps or
    water hazard surrounding the court. If this happens the ball is teed up and
    play begins again. Each player will serve five times and totals are kept of
    the number of times each player hits the ball. The first player to reach 100
    hits wins. Tests are currently being conducted indoors with mats on the
    floor of the gym annex covering an area similar to an elongated tennis
    court. Reportedly research is going to be conducted with different size
    courts^ during one game in hopes of utilizing as many as 18 courts during a
    game. No name has been given to the new game but researchers are report edly
    considering the possibility of calling the game 'tolf or 'gennis. Another
    new game reportedly being developed will combine baseball and lacrosse.
    Using a baseball diamond one team will align its nine men similar to the
    alignment which is now1 used for baseball, but each man will have a lacrosse
    stick instead of a glove. Once men are deployed in assigned areas, there
    must always be a man in each area. The pitcher pitches a baseball (using a
    lacrosse stick) to a waiting batter (using a regulation baseball bat). The
    batter hits the ball and tries to get to as many bases as possible before
    the ball gets there. Defense is perhaps a bit more difficult as each man
    must move to cover a vacated area. For example if the second baseman moves
    toward second base to catch a pop fly, say, he cannot go beyond a certain
    limit area until someone is in his area. But before anyone can cover another
    player s area there must be someone else to cover his area. Obviously all
    movements must be synchronized or offsides can be called and a point
    awarded. Although all the details for both games have not been worked out
    many coaches seem to have reacted favorable to the new set up. As a matter
    of fact they say that they don't realize the differences in switch ing from
    one game to another. According to one coach, " We've been playing a game
    similar to this since spring practice started in the gym. There were so many
    people doing so many different things that many sports got mixed anyway. But
    now instead of watching out for stray projectiles from  other sports, we
    just say that we're practicing a new game." Perhaps that coache's remarks
    throws some light on the origin of the game and perhaps tells you what is
    really going on in the friendly confines of Davis Gym.

Heading: CAMPUS
Content: 

Heading: WHATS PLAYINGI-
Content: 

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN
Content: 

Heading: BOARD
Content: X McGrath

Heading: PGD
Content: 14.6 2. Price

Heading: LCA
Content: 14.4 3. Mathews

Heading: SPE
Content: 13.2 4. Durbiano

Heading: PKP
Content: 12.9 5. Molawka

Heading: KDR
Content: 12.8 6. Miller

Heading: IND
Content: 12.5 7. Libby

Heading: PKP
Content: 12.3 8. Baird

Heading: KS
Content: 11.8 9. Rowe

Heading: RAM
Content: 11.7 10 Henninger

Heading: SX
Content: 11.4

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: IND
Content: 6 0

Heading: PKP
Content: 7

Heading: SX
Content: 4 2

Heading: PGD
Content: 4

Heading: TKE
Content: 4 3

Heading: KS
Content: 3

Heading: SAE
Content: 1 4

Heading: DU
Content: 2

Heading: TX
Content: 0 6

Heading: RAM
Content: 0 League 3 League

Heading: w
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: LCA
Content: 7 0

Heading: A
Content: 5

Heading: SPE
Content: 5 1

Heading: C
Content: 4

Heading: KDR
Content: 2 4

Heading: D
Content: 3

Heading: TDX
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: 5

Heading: B
Content: 1

Heading: SAM
Content: 0 6

Heading: E
Content: 1

Heading: L
Content: 0 3 3 4 6

Heading: L
Content: 1 2 3 5 5

Heading: Fri., Sat., Sun., Mon., Tues.
Content: 

Heading: Feb. 26, 27, 28. March 1 & 2
Content: 

Heading: 'BORSALINO' SCORES!
Content: 

Heading: Delon
Content: 

Heading: and
Content: 

Heading: Belmondo man their tommy guns with
Content: 

Heading: engaging
Content: 

Heading: tlippancy!"^ ^ ^ --P/ayboy
Content: 

Heading: Magazine
Content: League 5 Edwards House Fenner Nooners Bombers DoorMats Losers

Heading: W
Content: 7 6 5 4 3 0

Heading: L
Content: 1 2 4 4 5 9

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of living............You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: ask for your free copy of RAGS m agazine
Content: 

Heading: .............
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: FEBRUARY 26, 1971

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: -- A>> AlAIN DELON - ----------- -- -- -------

Heading: JEAN-PAUL BELMONDO/ALAIN DELON
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: JACQUES DERAY film <<CATHERINE ROUVEL* LAURA ADANI -JULIEN GUIOMAR CORINNE
    MARCHAND * FRANCOISE CHRISTOPHE * MARIO DAVID CHRISTIAN DETIUERE * ARNOLDO
    FOAand MICHEL BOUQUET u _ . , - n M M n ,o (M u n M M .a a N S J u iw -.t* >
    ..i<< << k a iiin m r iM a i

Heading: Horn Indicts 'Freedom Loss';
Content: 

Heading: Panel Studies Conspiracy Case
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: is
Content: 

Heading: to
Content: 

Heading: V
Content: ils i By DEAN LANDEW " I resent deeply this whole ques tion of conspiracy,
    because it en dangers this freedom to speak, to think, to read, to
    communicate, to Jrnd alternatives,"  said Mrs. Zoia Horn, at a panel
    discussion held Sunday night to discuss the events of the Harrisburg Six
    case. Mrs. Horn had been subpoenaed in Jan uary to appear before the grand
    jury investigating the case. Along with three members of the University
    faculty, two of the co-de fendants and one of the alleged co conspirators in
    the Harrisburg Six case spoke to a capactiy audience in Vaughan Literature
    Auditorium. Sponsored by the Bucknell Stu dents for Peace, the panel discus
    sion included the Reverends Joseph Wenderoth and Neil McLaughlin, the co-
    defendants; Tom Davidon, one of the co-conspirators; Gene Chenoweth,
    professor of political science; Philip Withim, assistant professor of
    English; and Mrs. Zoia Horn, reference librarian. Professor Chenoweth made
    open ing remarks. He briefly described *the series of events of the case
    thus far,beginning late last November when J. Edgar Hoover first charged
    conspiracy by the Berrigan brothers in front of a Senate subcommittee, until
    early January, when two Uni versity students and two librarians, including
    Mrs. Zoia Horn, were given subpoenas to appear before a Grand Jury. Reverend
    Wenderoth then spoke about " wisdom, compassion and orderliness"  in America
    today. As a counter example of wisdom, he cited the recent false alert of
    the

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: J!SS
Content: U By G. PETER BALAKIAN <<  " Truly you must know now that 'N egro' means
    something not bio logical, but something social that was created by white
    Americans," asserted Saunders Redding during the keynote address of the
    Black Symposium Weekend Sunday night. Redding, professor of English lit
    erature at Cornell University, author of several books, and recipi ent of
    awards as a scholar and creative writer, added that Negro America has had to
    make do with being a slave. They had to hope for emancipation, suffer
    through the in justices of the reconstruction period, and watch the
    immigrants surpass them in a few short decades. Black literature, therefore,
    is only understood in a socio-historic con text. Saunders explained that the
    black people were greatly restricted in their activities until the late nine
    teenth and early twentieth centur ies because slavery was written into the
    Constitution, and the black man was considered only three-

Heading: VOLUME LXXm  -- NO. 33
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY, MARCH 2. 1971
Content: National Emergency Warning Cen ter, saying, " We are all pre-pro grammed to some
    degree in this country, and we must start think ing about it." On his view
    of " compassion," Wenderoth mentioned " political partisanship"  in light of
    President Nixon's new health program. He also mentioned that a certain Balti
    more ghetto was not officially clas sified as in a state of " malnutri
    tion,"  but that 60% to 80% of its residents were suffering from some form
    of undernourishment. Discussing " orderliness,"  Wende roth told about a
    Laotian tribe which " became a warring force" due to American intervention
    in that country. " I feel very strongly about the probability of justice and
    morality in our country today,"  he said. " A lot of what we face is
    results. We must look at the causes." McLaughlin followed with a com parison
    of the Harrisburg Six in dictment to the 1964 Gulf of Tonkin resolution,
    which he said effected " six and a half years of warfare based on a he." He
    said that the credibility of the non-violent peace movement was " at stake"
    in the case, and that the " so-called credibility gap is already large . . .
    that we can now say that a majority of Americans don't be lieve the
    government." He also said that the case " is a test as to who is telling the
    truth." " It is clear that the anti-war movement in this country is frac
    tured,"  McLaughlin continued. " The government has been able to instill
    (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: 'Che
Content: 

Heading: JBodmellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: -----------------
Content: 

Heading: Pais Elected Vice-President
Content: 

Heading: Nachshin Wins Presidency
Content: By JUNE CAFFREY Results of the ABS election were announced late Monday night.
    The new president is Bob Nachshin, who received 64% of the vote. Russ Pais
    received 48% of the vote to win the vice-presidency. Chuck Resnick, with
    81%, is the new treasurer. Sue Conn received

Heading: 'Negro' Is White Creation
Content: 

Heading: Artists Reflect Black Life
Content: fifths of a man. Therefore, being constantly chain ed to the land, the Negro in
    Ameri ca had little time or opportunity for mental expansion. However, there
    were a few early black lit erary artists, but they failed to ex press the
    true feelings of the black American and were not honest in portraying the
    vicious treatment they received from the whites. Redding explained that the
    most expressive forms of Negro creation during the nineteenth century were
    Negro spirituals and folklore. " They expressed the pathos and the humor of
    the black man,"  said Redding. Spirituals like " Let My People Go" and "
    Sometimes I Feel Like A Motherless Child"  revealed the true tragedy of the
    Negro in America. " The Ballad Of John Henry"  por trayed the inhumanity of
    the Ameri can technological society. " With the advent of Booker T.
    Washington," Redding explained, " the black American was set back.
    (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Bob Nachshin
Content: (photo by Bob Arnold) 51% of the vote to become corres ponding secretary, and
    Pamela May, with 37%, is new recording secretary. Jim Lackritz, the other
    presiden tial candidate, received 264 votes, or 25% of the vote, to
    Nachshin's 683 votes. Seventy-five write-ins ac counted for 6% of the vote,
    and blanks accounted for 5%. The election results were witheld until
    midnight because there had been a misunderstanding of one of the campaign
    rules. It has been rumored that Jim Lackritz, a presi dential candidate, was
    protesting the election and questioning the validity of some of the campaign
    tactics of his opponent. As no pro test was officially filed, it is as sumed
    that the difficulty was in some way resolved. Of a student population of ap
    proximately 2800, only 1094 voted. In the vice-presidential balloting,
    Bucceri received 462 votes, or 42% of the vote, to Pais' 527 votes.
    Seventeen write-ins accounted for 2% of the vote, and blanks for 8%. John
    Sprout, the other nominee for treasurer, received 114 votes, or 10% to 886
    votes for Resnick. One per cent of the votes were write-ins, with 8% as
    blanks. In the corresponding secretary

Heading: #
Content: By MILTON SLEETER In eight years the Pennsylvania Ballet has estiblished itself
    as one of America's better dance com panies. As witnessed last night, they
    have the ability to perform the masterpieces of the past, as well as those
    of the present, and per form them well. Michael Fokine's ballet Les Sylp-
    hides is a " romantic revery" - a series of choreographic pictures for the
    corps de ballet, plus four solo ists. The lovely music for the ballet is
    composed of seven piano pieces of Chopin, orchestrated by Roy Douglas. The
    beautiful Nocturne was exquisitely danced with grace of line and body
    movement. Unfortunately, the orchestra had its problems throughout the even
    ing - poor intonation, wrong notes, and poor balance were much too
    prevalent. However, Kathryn Biever and Gretchen Warren also had trouble
    convincing one that dancers and orchestra were together in their solos. Alba
    Caldraza and David Kloss both danced superbly with such apparent ease. The
    music of Carl Orff is noted for its rhythmic vitality - his use of repeated
    rhythmic patterns and large percussion forces. Orff con sidered himself as a
    melodist. His scenic cantata, CarmJna Bur ana, written in 1936, is based on
    twenty- five poems and student songs from a

Heading: 12
Content: th century Latin manuscript found in the Benedictbeuren Monos- tery of Germany.
    Orff has divided these rather bawdy songs into a three-part cycle dealing
    with man's encounter with niture, wine, and love. The variety of musical
    material used by Orff ranges from the melismatic plain chant like melody, to
    the robust drinking song, to the beautiful areoso. By itself, Orff's Carmina
    is an impressive work * coupled with John Butler's choreography, it be comes
    overwhelming. It is easy to see why this ballet has won inter national
    acclaim - its sensuous

Heading: 1
Content: balloting, Sue Conn received 555 votes, 51% of the vote, with 178 votes (16%)
    for Gavin, and 252 votes (23%) for Russo. Pamela May received 402 votes, or
    37% of the vote, for recording secretary, with Hirt receiving 283 votes
    (26%), and Wright receiving 255 votes, or 23% of the vote.

Heading: Russ Pais
Content: (photo by Bob Arnold)

Heading: Chuck Resnick
Content: (photo by Bob Arnold)

Heading: Residence Hall Offices
Content: 

Heading: Change Staff Eligibility
Content: 

Heading: Ballet Troupe Merits Accolade
Content: 

Heading: For Overwhelming Performance
Content: quality combined with tense physi cal frenzy attacks the senses. Carmina may not
    be everyone's ballet - it may be offensive to some - how I don't know. One
    would have to fight pretty hard not to get caught up in its excitement. The
    ballet never lets up - never lets you regroup; from the first resounding
    chord, there is a continual drive forward, slowing down occasionally only to
    come back again. The dancing last night was superb. There was little doubt
    that the dancers were in complete con trol. From their first encounter,
    through the " contest"  dances, to the return of the bitten-lovers, Misses
    Sandonato and Fuerstner were expertly partnered by Mssrs. Parkes and Rodham.
    Both men per formed their athletic movements admirably, but Rodham's perform
    ance as the drunken abbot was the highlight of the ballet. Compare his
    performance with that of Rudy Menchaca. Menchaca (Continued on Page 3) By
    PAMELA MAY " Being a J.C., or an R.A., is not something you can put into
    twenty- five words or less. It involves a lot of work, a lot of unexpected
    things --good and bad. It can be interest ing, exciting. A tremendous experi
    ence." These are the reflections of Shel ley Colio, who has served both as a
    J.C. and an R.A. Any who have held either position will verify it's a
    rewarding experience. Interested persons may now apply for either or both
    positions by pick ing up and submitting by Wednes day, March 10, 4:30 p.m.,
    a form for J.C. from the Office of Fresh man Residence Programs or R.A. from
    the Office of University Resi dence Halls. A change in eligibility of women
    has been made for this year---all women who will be of junior or senior
    class standing, or 21 years of age, are eligible for either position. This
    change was made to match the men's traditional qualifications. Any person
    may apply for both positions, although it is expected that he or she may
    indicate a pre ference in the course of the applica tion and interview
    period. Appli cants will be notified of the final selections by April . 9
    Speaking about this change in qualifications for female J.C.s, Miss Brenda
    Gordon, director of fresh man residence programs, acknow ledged that " some
    seniors may find the freshman attitude foreign." However, she emphasized
    this may not be so in the case of all seniors: " We are more interested in
    the person than his class standing." " Basically,"  explained Miss Gor don,
    " we're looking for people who are understanding, accepting, sensi tive, and
    responsive to others. They must be together enough to know where they're at,
    to handle any thing that comes their way. This doesn't mean they've stopped
    grow ing or searching. We're not looking for thirty-eight 'finished
    people'." She further elucidated that J.C.s would be more involved in the
    fall freshman orientation than past years by leading discussions, etc.
    However, " the program is not final ized." Miss Judy clarified, " We want
    people who are concerned about people. We don't want machines-- they could
    lock up the dorms for us. Instead we want some one who will assume a
    counseling point of view, who will assume neither the ex- tremetreme of
    interfering, nor the opposite of not wanting to 'get in volved'." Mr. Len
    Smolen, assistant di rector of University residence halls, noted the major
    difference between serving as an R.A. versus J.C. is that " freshmen go more
    readily to their J.C., and, therefore, a J.C. may find more fulfillment. The
    R.A. may often have to work with stu dents who reject him, for they often
    regard him as aligning with the 'establishment'." " The R.A. is there to
    help the student on a counseling basis, not a punitive level--to offer
    assistance and not to search and report. Many students are still suspicious,
    and it may take a while to gain the con fidence we're seeking." " Counseling
    is the basic approach of the orientation staff here,"  con tinued Mr.
    Smolen. " The R.A. acts in the same capacity, only on a much lower level;
    he, because he is working with peers, may be closer to the student on a
    personal level." After the applications for J.C. and R.A. have been filled
    out, group discussions will be arranged to " allow the applicants to ask
    ques tions of the people directly in volved,"  an innovation in the selec-
    (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: I
Content: P rjE L ## nmmhhhmhhimn ^ imhi jtfnjMMBfllllHMMiBHRHilHBfi^W

Heading: Open the Concert Committee
Content: 

Heading: During the past week, the Concert
Content: 

Heading: Committee has received sharp criticism
Content: 

Heading: for its handling of the Chicago concert
Content: 

Heading: of February 19. Much of the criticism
Content: 

Heading: has been directed at the Committee's
Content: 

Heading: chairman, Andy Meyer. It is unfortunate,
Content: 

Heading: yet not unexpected, that serious ques
Content: 

Heading: tions are being raised about the Com
Content: 

Heading: mittee's handling of the concert series.
Content: 

Heading: For four years, the Concert Com
Content: 

Heading: mittee has been Andy Meyer. Meyer's
Content: 

Heading: work has so overshadowed the other
Content: 

Heading: members of the Committee that students
Content: 

Heading: have been lead to believe that there
Content: 

Heading: really are no other members. The general
Content: 

Heading: level of knowledge about the Committee
Content: 

Heading: has consisted in knowing the name of its
Content: 

Heading: head and the names of the groups he,
Content: 

Heading: presumably single-handedly, has brought
Content: 

Heading: to campus. The behind-the-scenes activi
Content: 

Heading: ties of the Committee have remained
Content: 

Heading: unknown.
Content: 

Heading: There are few students who fully
Content: 

Heading: understand the intricacies of getting
Content: 

Heading: "big-time" groups to "small-time" BU.
Content: 

Heading: Among
Content: 

Heading: these
Content: 

Heading: students
Content: 

Heading: (principally
Content: 

Heading: others on the committee and close friends
Content: 

Heading: of Meyer) there is overall confidence in
Content: 

Heading: and praise for his work. They contend
Content: 

Heading: that he has provided the "inside" know
Content: 

Heading: ledge in dealing with the agents of
Content: 

Heading: groups who would not normally consider
Content: 

Heading: appearing at such a small school. Above
Content: 

Heading: all, these students attest to Meyer's
Content: 

Heading: honesty and desire to get the best for
Content: 

Heading: the campus.
Content: 

Heading: Yet the student body is filled with
Content: 

Heading: feelings of distrust and disillusionment
Content: 

Heading: concerning the Committee. The protest,
Content: 

Heading: however, is general and abstract and is
Content: 

Heading: not directed at specific faults of the
Content: 

Heading: Committee. The basis for the criticism
Content: 

Heading: is a sense of powerlessness --  frustra
Content: 

Heading: tion over being only the passive sup
Content: 

Heading: pliers of the Committee's funds. Thus,
Content: 

Heading: the criticisms are of the Committee's
Content: 

Heading: style, not its content.
Content: 

Heading: The Committee has been a closed
Content: 

Heading: group which has dealt with the student
Content: 

Heading: body in only a most indirect manner. It
Content: 

Heading: has made some token gestures towards
Content: 

Heading: opening itself up, but has been unsuc
Content: 

Heading: cessful in its attempts to "appease" stu
Content: 

Heading: dent fears over misdealings. Although
Content: 

Heading: most of the fears are probably ground
Content: 

Heading: less, they remain. The Committee must
Content: 

Heading: confront thesis fears.
Content: 

Heading: Committee members will contend
Content: 

Heading: that this may be impossible to do. They
Content: 

Heading: might argue this way, We are too small
Content: 

Heading: a school to openly deal with large groups.
Content: 

Heading: Unless we are allowed to make arrange
Content: 

Heading: ments with them in our own way, we will
Content: 

Heading: end up with a second class concert
Content: 

Heading: series." Within limits, this analysis is
Content: 

Heading: correct, but it cannot give the Concert
Content: 

Heading: Committee a blank check to deal with
Content: 

Heading: students as they wish. The Committee
Content: 

Heading: uses the students' money.
Content: 

Heading: If indeed the nature of our campus
Content: 

Heading: and the nature of the concert business
Content: 

Heading: make it difficult for the Committee to
Content: 

Heading: be truly open in its dealings, then we
Content: 

Heading: should be sure that the Committee is
Content: 

Heading: being as open as it can be. The Com
Content: 

Heading: mittee must open itself to continued
Content: 

Heading: student criticism and analysis, and rep
Content: 

Heading: resentative students, not directly as
Content: 

Heading: sociated with the Committee, should
Content: 

Heading: have complete access to the records of
Content: 

Heading: the Committee's work. Communications
Content: 

Heading: can also be improved upon. When a
Content: 

Heading: group is booked, the fact should be an
Content: 

Heading: nounced, and not held until the package
Content: 

Heading: deal is ready to be placed on the market
Content: 

Heading: for sale. Forms may be helpful. But until
Content: 

Heading: the Committee can open itself complete
Content: 

Heading: ly there will continue to be apprehen
Content: 

Heading: sions and groundless charges. That may
Content: 

Heading: have to be expected. It is unfortunate,
Content: 

Heading: however, that Meyer has had to take
Content: 

Heading: the brunt of the attack. Perhaps the cri
Content: 

Heading: ticism should rather have been directed
Content: 

Heading: at the industry he is dealing with.
Content: 

Heading: etters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: wmmmm
Content: 

Heading: Rod Curtains
Content: Dear Bucknell Students: Once again, it is incumbent upon m e to run for office.
    The situation which I have warned against in my last three campaigns for
    President of the Freshman Class (among my other attempts) has com e to pass:
    Bucknell is in danger of losing it self entirely in a morass of m olas ses.
    I am the only solution to this problem. Although I am sure you all know
    every detail of my fascinating and adventurous life (m y semi-autobio
    graphical novel. Death in the Morn ing Son has been serialized on m ost of
    the reputable matchbook covers), perhaps I should say an additional word
    about m yself. I am a Junior who lives a retiring life in the dug- out
    behind the hometeam stands, appearing in public only for elec tions and on
    ground hog day. I was also one of the first people to wear a V-neck sweater.
    I'm running on a ticket that in cludes an Avacado for vice-presi dent. The
    Avacado isn't just any old avacado: She's a Negro Avocado. So you see, I am
    a liberal. Now to the issues. I'm for repeat ing change until we get used to
    it Change is like a machine gun: it fires in rapid bursts, but you need the
    ammunition. Don't bull it; bul let! Bucknell is in a crisis of mean ing. The
    crisis is of scissors, which is harder to fathom than to pro nounce. Like a
    scissors, we must cut the paper neatly, giving them a clean edge and a place
    to go. I am of course speaking metaphorically. Same negative thinkers say
    that Bucknell has no meaning, no reason to exist. I say that Bucknell's
    raison d'etre is a raisinet. During my last campaign for Frosh President I
    suggested in the Bucknellian that we create a new form of University
    Governance based on the number three, on the grounds that there are four
    legs to a table and Bucknell is not a table, is it? But times have changed
    and the tim es must change with them. Now I propose that students demand the
    right to be totally unrepresented in the University Senate. Let the
    professors have their independence. Then we can form  a student govern ment.
    We could set up a system in which all living units would elect
    representatives who would listen to public discussions weekly, and then
    weakly vote on the important mat ters.

Heading: "The
Content: first job of the student and faculty groups would be to appoint a joint
    committee to study the im portant problem  of University Gov ernance. This
    would require honest, open discussions of what a raisinet is, over a
    leisurely lunch with sea food substitutions if it is held on a Friday (we
    must learn to be more tolerant), and something real good for desert. After
    all, the people in volved deserve something special for their efforts! Open
    Discussions Now: If you're not Forum, you're against 'em !1 The Avocado
    promises to fight for minority rights. She already has earned the thanks of
    the Italian Anti-Defamation League for her valiant struggle to free the
    oppres sed zuccini. Let's not retire the sides in the

Heading: FEEDBACK
Content: 

Heading: Editorial
Content: 

Heading: }t
Content: 

Heading: fUtsckiteUtan
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL, COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member ot
    Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription. 17.00. payable In advance.
    Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the poet office at
    Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON --  Business Manager
Content: All letters should be adressed to the Editor, and must be received no later than
    Saturday noon for publication in the Tuesday edition and Wednes day noon for
    publication in the Friday edition. O ffice: Focht Printing Co.. 229 Market
    Street, S23-4221 Consultant: Brad Tutte. 524-1221

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: Game of Life. As Hamilton Beach wrote in his Reflections on W ater: " If you
    can't lick 'em, scotch tape 'em on."  Let's make our choice, and stick to
    it. United we stand, but divide and there will be a rem ainder! ! Of course
    there are other issues: New Snowboots for the Winter Track Team; Supervision
    for the Grunion Parade (they just about ruin the lawn every spring), higher
    standards for the leadership plato ons. End the Oppression of the P.F.
    Fliers. And let's make the Psych Dept, com e up with a set of better
    guidelines, to help them distinguish monkeys from  students. It is amaz ing
    that Paul Simian did not suffer any lasting harm from  being locked in the
    Psych Lab for three months. I will admit that I have lost some of my
    youthful optim ism : four de feats have taken som e of the wind from  my
    sails, but m ore of the sand from  my wails. Vote for me and we'U find a way
    back when! Sincerely, Rod Curtains

Heading: Smoking
Content: To the Editor: Numerous complaints have been received about smoking in class
    room s and auditoriums. There are three basic reasons why smoking must be
    prohibited except in author ized areas which are appropriately marked and
    provided with ash trays: 1. It is discourteous to non- sm okers to pollute
    the air and impose your habit on others. 2. State law makes it illegal to
    smoke in theaters or auditor iums. This applies particularly to the
    University Theatre and to the Vaughan Literature Auditorium where much of
    the complaint against smoking has originated. 3. The cost of cleaning and of
    re pairing damage to upholstery and rugs can becom e exces sive. The
    cooperation of all members of the University community in ob serving good
    manners in the ob servance of smoking regulations will be appreciated. John
    F. Zeller Vice Presidait -------------------------- Administration and MARCH
    2, 1971 Finance To the Editor: I read with concern the editorial in The
    Bucknellian of Feb. 23 ad vocating the adoption of a con- tinucous progress-
    pass system at Bucknell. I would like to take this opportunity to offer my
    observa tions on this issue. The proposal for a continuous progress-pass
    system can be seen in the light of a recent trend to wards an even m ore
    loosely de fined education at Bucknell. Thus, a year ago we reduced the
    distri bution requirements in the liberal arts curriculum to two natural
    science, two social science, and four humanities courses. Now it is pro
    posed that the student be allowed a virtually indefinite period to com plete
    his course-work and that he not be graded on his efforts. It is said that
    this move would reduce the pressure on students and theus facilitate
    learning. The editorial I the pressure on students and thus today students
    must fail their courses because they cannot keep up. I will not discuss the
    assumptions about learning made by this edi torial, except to rem ark that
    it is not at all clear that students learn better when pressure is reduced.
    I am concerned here with the wider effects such a non-competitive, zero-
    pressure environment. We hear every day of strife and conflict in " the
    outer world" --in business, poli tics, war. Yet it is urged that as a
    preparation for this world we culm i nate the educational process with four
    years of leisurely dilettant ism. What sort of preparation is this?
    Graduates will have to face competition in getting a job, in keeping it and
    advancing, in getting his political views adopted, etc.--he w ill constantly
    be under time pres sure and constantly evaluated. Should he not be prepared
    for this, able to cope with it? Ah, but it is also said that the system is
    bad, that such pressure is dehumanizing and should be eliminated so that
    people can pro ceed at their own rates . . . Except that we must have
    freedom  NOW, an end to poverty NOW, peace NOW, clean air NOW--and never
    mind the complaints of overworked, criticized (Le., graded) businessmen and
    officials who must accomplish these things. Thus we point up the urgency of
    our national problem s without call ing for an educational system that will
    prepare to deal with them. The student is to be leisurely in his , habits--
    until graduation, when he '? must overnight becom e efficient and |
    effective. What of the content of the train- ing our future leaders are
    receiv-

Heading: 9
Content: ing? It is said that technology is | our greatest dom estic problem--bvf- can
    the Bucknell graduate under- * stand and thus cope with tech nology? Of
    course he can--after all, | he's had Physics 201-202! It is said y that we
    must take account of the human factor and of social costs and benefits in
    our calculations. And our graduate can handle that-- he's had two social
    science courses. Ah, but the really important thing is sensitivity to people
    --and four humanities courses certainly pro vide that. Well, they may
    provide a fluency in expression, but the writer is in danger of having
    nothing to say. In short I am urging that the problems we face today cannot
    be solved without the most disciplined application of knowledge we are
    capable of. But the University is not moving in this direction, for all its
    talk of social concern and re sponsibility. As a result, when our student>>
    graduate, they may have a burning sense of social injustice but no idea at
    all of what to do about it. They protest, they " bear witness,"  they bum or
    kill, and eventually they drop out and turn on to drugs in frustration,
    their pride destroyed by the realization of their own incom petence. Can
    society or the indi vidual or the University long afford or tolerate this?
    To sum up briefly, we cannot even begin to solve our problem s without
    disciplined, knowledgeable people to attack them. What is the message for
    this University? Per haps thirty-two required courses, with no (pass-fail)
    and no con tinuous progress. Those who do not wish to undergo this
    discipline may stargaze at their leisure--they need not spend $16,000 for
    the privilege. In short, if the University con tinues to proclaim  nothing
    but abk' solute and total educational an archy, then it, the student, and
    our society will suffer beyond belief. Let those who agree with this an
    alysis not allow a vocal minority to push through such ill-conceived
    proposals. Let us speak out. Sincerely, William J. Mates, '71

Heading: :GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: About YourSelf
Content: -B y DAVID HAMMER.

Heading: S E
Content: 

Heading: is a group of live young men who make music as if Iheir lives and the life of rock itself depended on fheir
Content: 

Heading: playing.
Content: Identity crises have been the subject of much thought recently--m ore people
    than not want to know who they are and what they are all about. And although
    one may suggest countless ways of discovering one's " true Nature,"  I would
    argue for the simplest and most direct method of aU: feeling what you do.
    Many individuals, after much " soul-searching"  and inwardly-directed
    inquiry, eventuaUy arrive at a self-appraisal which seems generally ac
    curate but which is specifically superficial. Nevertheless, armed with this
    self-perception, they live segments of their lives supposedly " doing what
    they feel." For example, if someone after much thought that he harbors a
    deep- rooted depression, he may wish to hide his emotions from  others and
    will, consequently, " put on an act"  and appear happy, well-adjusted and
    con tent. He would, therefore, be " doing what he thinks he should feel."
    But this line of action suggests that parsons can always act or dis guise
    the way they feel no matter whom they are with; and, " doing what you feel"
    assumes that one is constantly self-appraising and analyzing himself,
    continuously developing an accurate perception and conciously perform ing as
    a direct result of his apprasial. My contention that one should " feel what
    he does"  presupposes none of these assumptions. In an example of the
    emotional depression, I would maintain that, if a person appears well-
    adjusted and content believing he is deeply depressed, that individual is
    not so sad as he supposed. In deed it is m y argument that one's self is, in
    reality, as it appears to be via his outward actions and reactions with
    others. This reasoning reveals an appreciable means of understanding one's
    self--and it seems unquestionable. How can one deny that he is being himself
    when he makes a particular remark or that he is positively reflecting his
    being when he reacts with those around him? It seems rii<<OTiit to speculate
    that what we appear to be is actually the result of extended perform ances
    for the sake of others; rather, it is much more sensible to realize that how
    we appear in this largely-spontaneous world is as largely-spontaneous
    beings. And, so, to suggest that one can con sistently cloak his spontaneity
    --and self--borders on the absurd. Consequently, if one would like to
    resolve his identity crisis, he need only observe him self and his actions
    to do so: one should constantly " feel what he does."  Misunderstandings
    between persons will then etPArfiiy decrease and individuals will no longer
    prim arily rely on false appearances versus honest feelings because
    appearances and feelings will be realized as one and the same thing.

Heading: Like the Band, Sea Train synthesizes the roofs of rotk within Ihe traditional forms of American
Content: 

Heading: music.. .  It draws upon almost every aspect of rock's history. .  .Their music reflects, much like the Band s,
Content: 

Heading: a finely developed sense of working together that produces coherent music. The group brings fresh
Content: 

Heading: hope that rock is neither dead, nor dead-ended.
Content: 

Heading: WASHINGTON POST
Content: 

Heading: DEC. 22, 1970
Content: 1

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: III
Content: 

Heading: A. Kulberg
Content: 

Heading: (Flutist * Blues Project)
Content: 

Heading: R. Greene
Content: 

Heading: (Violin - Kweskin Jug Band)
Content: 

Heading: P. Rowan
Content: 

Heading: (Guitar - Earth Opera)
Content: 

Heading: L. Baskin
Content: 

Heading: (Organ - Cast of "Hair")
Content: 

Heading: Atamanuik
Content: 

Heading: (drums - Ronnie Hawkins)
Content: 

Heading: Produced by George Martin, Producer of the Beatles
Content: 

Heading: This Friday, March 5, 8:30 P.M. Davis Gym
Content: 

Heading: appearing
Content: 

Heading: with TONY K0S5INEC
Content: Mg I l i ffuf E E E E E iIi*(r) (r) * ADVERTISING SUPPLEMENT TO THE BUCKNELLIAN
    OF MARCH 2, 197I

Heading: The Facts: 'Chicago' & the Committee
Content: 

Heading: Harrisburg Six
Content: By ANDREW MEYER There must be some misunderstanding. David Logan's accusations
    against the Con cert Committee are without any factual basis. Even the most
    superficial investi gation of the facts would have persuaded an unbiased
    observer of the truth. The Bucknell Concert Committee has for four years
    done its best to bring the most talented artists to the campus. The
    viciousness of Mr. Logan's at tack is indeed startling. I think it is time
    to bring some facts into the discussion. It is absolutely absurd to contend,
    as Mr. Logan does in his letter, that the Concert Committee could walk in
    the BUCKNELLIAN office and tear a paragraph out of the paper. The article
    was deleted because the Executive Editor and the Business Manager could not
    verify any of the information after contacting the appropriate sources. The
    Editors felt that the BUCKNELLIAN would have been sub- iect to a libel suit
    had the paragraph been printed as an official BUCKNELLIAN article. I am sure
    the BUCKNELLIAN will support that statement. As for the content of the
    paragraph, and for the entire article as well, let me say this: IF ANYONE
    CAN PROVE THAT

Heading: THE FOLLOWING STATEMENTS ARE IN
Content: 

Heading: CORRECT, I WILL PROMPTLY RESIGN
Content: 

Heading: AS THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BUCKNELL
Content: CONCERT COMMITTEE. I shall make all records available to an investigatory com
    mittee, if so desired. I have spent the last four years building an honest
    and con cerned organization which has been run on the principle that if you
    treat your own students well, they will give you their sup port; if you try
    to cheat them in any way, you will lose that support, as well as your
    concert series. I will stand on that prin ciple. You can decide if anyone is
    being "short changed" as Mr. Logan contends: THE CONCERT: Chicago played for
    over one hour and thirty minutes for each con cert, which is remarkable
    considering the fact that they have a lot of brass instru ments and it is
    difficult to play for that amount of time without "losing your lip.' The
    original one show contract was for one hour and twenty minutes. I had spoken
    with Chicago before the concert, and they were made aware of the fact that
    most of the season ticket holders would be at the first show. The first show
    was slightly longer than the second. Chicago is such an extrordinary musical
    group that I had only heard the most superlative comments about the concert,
    until I stumbled upon Mr. Logan's article. KATHY SMITH: The reaction to
    Kathy Smith was the most surprising part of the concert. Kathy Smith was
    hired at the in sistence of CHICAGO. The original act which CHICAGO had
    chosen to open for them was John Hammond. However, Ham mond cancelled less
    than one week before the concert, and the news releases which we had sent to
    the BUCKNELLIAN had to be held. Kathy Smith was hired just a few days before
    the concert. I signed her con tract the night of the concert. The situa tion
    was no different then when Blood, Sweat, and Tears brought Don Copper to
    open for them. At best (or worst' she was an extra artist at no one's
    expense. She only played for about fifteen minutes during the first concert.
    Her fifteen minutes gave us less time between shows to prepare for the
    second show, and had absolutely nothing to do with the length of CHICAGO'S
    show. SOUND: The sound men, and the sound system which we had to use for the
    concert was Chicago's. We had no control over any of the sound that evening,
    and I wish we had. When we are allowed to do the sound for a concert we
    spend a great deal of money to hire a sound company which has worked for the
    Filmore East, the Grateful Dead and many other major artists. They are the
    best in the country and we use them whenever we can. If you think the sound
    has changed over the years, you should thank Charles Bozenhard, and the
    Physical Plant. They have done a miraculous job of altering a gymnasium into
    a concert hall FINANCES: The Concert Committee enter ed the Chicago Concert
    approximately $6.000 in debt. This is what we had ex pected, and had planned
    on earning during the first show. This did not necessitate a second show,
    but as 1 explained in an earlier article, we lose money on some concerts and
    hope to make up the dif ference on others. The most important point here, is
    that we are an ABS com mittee, and any profits we might make go back to the
    student government at the end of the year. If the inference of the article
    was that we are exploiting the student body, I would suggest that the
    reviewer take a moment to look at our ticket structures. We have never
    charged more than $3.95 for any con cert on the Season Ticket over the last
    three years, even though artist's fees have skyrocketed at an extraordinary
    rate. We are now forced to pay between ten to fif teen thousand dollars for
    most major con certs. Bucknell students, however, see these concerts for an
    average of less than three dollars a concert. This is as cheap, or cheaper
    than schools which have seating capacities which hold over ten thousand
    people iPenn State) and can afford to charge much less. Muhlenburg College
    which has a gym that is about the same size as ours, recently charged its
    students $6.00 a ticket for a concert featuring an ,-rtist who cost much
    less than the BAND, PETER. PAUL AND MARY. SLY. and THE ROCK ENSEMBLE etc. I
    think Bucknell students tend to for get that Davis Gym holds only 3000
    people 'approx.'. In most cases, we have to come dose to a sell-out just to
    break even. I think you can well imagine what kind of pressure the Concert
    Committee is under in this situation. THE AUDIENCE: 1 don't have to say much
    about the audience's attitude toward Kathy Smith. Enough has, and will be
    said. But I would like to comment upon Mr. Logan's statement "Chicago had
    polish and style that a nice conventional school like Bucknell would (and
    did' eat up." Over the years, Bucknell has become known throughout the music
    industry as being a nice place to play. The BAND recentlv named two schools
    which they en joyed playing for the most: Bucknell and a school on the West
    Coast. John Sebastian wrote us a letter telling us that his con cert was one
    of the most exciting concerts he had ever played. We have continually
    received comments like this throughout the years. The energy and enthusiasm
    of the Bucknell community has always made our concerts a distinc tive
    experience for all involved. Over 70'- of the student body purchased Season
    Tickets last semester. It is this kind of support which is the foundation
    for our concert series. I do not mean to sound trite, but if you travel to
    other college concerts, I think you will see how hip our "conventional"
    school really is. PERSONAL ACCUSATIONS: I am still not sure why these
    statements were printed, but I can only say that their inaccuracy was only
    exceeded by their irrelevancy. My book was begun over a year ago, and the
    first draft had been completed over six months before the Chicago concert.
    Had Mr. Logan bothered to do any investagatory work at all. he would have
    seen the absurdity of his implication that 1 ran the second show in order to
    be as sured of a job by the University nevt year. I was hired by the
    University as a buying consultant long before we had even thought about two
    shows for Chicago. In any case, the contract does not begin until next year,
    and it is based on a semesterly flat fee, so that any action or Artist's fee
    cannot be construed as being executed in order to gain personal funds. I
    might add that my job will be much different than the work which I am now
    doing, and that Steve Selinger and Kurt Gebaurer will have full control and
    au thority over the concert series. With the change of leadership which is
    now occurring within the Concert Com mittee there will be changes made
    within the structure of the committee. Kurt has already scheduled an "Open
    Forum" about next year's selection of groups. If you have any further
    questions, I would suggest that you attend this meeting.

Heading: "A Genuine Musical Talent . . . .  With
Content: 

Heading: Arrangements That Are Melodic Without
Content: 

Heading: Being Loud, And With Rhythms That Are
Content: 

Heading: Strong Without Being Harsh
Content: 

Heading: Billboard
Content: 

Heading: Feb. 27, 1971
Content: 

Heading: TO N Y
Content: 

Heading: KOSINEC
Content: 

Heading: PRODUCED BY
Content: 

Heading: PETER
Content: 

Heading: ASHER, PRODUCER FOR JAMES TAYLOR
Content: 

Heading: Newest album, "Bad Girl Songs" on
Content: 

Heading: Columbia Records
Content: 

Heading: IN CONCERT, THIS FRI., DAVIS GYM, 8:30
Content: 

Heading: P. M. appearing with Sea Train.
Content: 

Heading: V
Content: 

Heading: > I
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: iSSR' (Continued from Page 1) a fear in the students today . . .  a fear of
    violence." The co-consiprator, Mr. Davidon, said that one of the reasons he
    feels the government has indicted him "is to attempt to further the intimida
    tion of other people." He also men tioned the relative lack of response to
    the recent Laotian incursion, saying, "This is some of the in-

Heading: Ballet
Content: (Continued from Page 1) seemed mechanical - acting in the worse sense of the
    word. Rodham, on the other hand, was able to transcend the choreographic
    move ments and become the man he was impersonating. Menchaca's prob lem,
    however, is most likely one of time. Unfortunately, the performance had its
    problems - and, as with Les Sylphides, most of the problems were in the
    orchestra. Again we had intonation problems, with the brass section having
    more than its share. The troupe has been per forming this program for over a
    week now, and one would have thought wrong notes would not be in abundance;
    this was not the case, however. Mr. Kaplow's tempo for the "Ofortuna" was
    unbelievably fast - almost as if to get on to the next section, thus losing
    the dra m atic urgency usually associated with this chorus. Orff has written
    fiendishly difficult music for his three soloists. Mr. Paige has a beautiful
    voice that has been heard to better advantage in past performances. Miss
    Cooke seemed to suffer from fatigue and, like Mr. Paige, had some difficulty
    cutting through the orchestra. Mr. Baker was able to sing with great
    conviction and was by far the most effective of the soloists. Also, joining
    the orchestra for Carm ina was the University Chor ale, under the direction
    of Allen Folk. The Chorale sang well during part one, but seemed to have
    troubles during the latter part of the work, especially the men. Dis pite
    terrible lighting arrangements, the Chorale seemed to have little problem
    following Mr. Paplow's di rection. The Chorale generally lack ed the
    percussiveness called for by Orff, although choruses such as " Veni, veni"
    and "Were diu werlt" were quite good. My congratulations to the physical
    plant for the quiet platform pro vided for the ballet. I had terrible
    thoughts concerning the noise factor - bravo! timidation which has stifled
    us." Davidson later said that the in dictments could hinder or help the
    peace movement. "That depends on you, on everyone in this room," he
    explained. Wenderoth commented, "Proof of our evidence is not going to stop
    the war. It always falls bacx on some one who can do something. It's not
    going to stop the killing, the mur der. . . . Stating her reaction to being
    given a subpoena to offer testimony in the case, Mrs, Horn said, "It is very
    strange and eerie experience and it can happen to anyone if it. can happen
    to m e." Commenting on some of the legal aspects of the case, Professor
    With- im describes seven "grey areas," emphasizing the notion of a con
    spiracy. "If any two people are in a discussion of some plan and one of
    those people makes a phone call about it, they can be indicted on
    conspiracy," he said. "It's that vague." He further commented on wire
    tapping, government informers, the misuse of the Grand Jury, the con cept of
    "co-conspirators," the idea of "use immunity" (one's own testi mony can not
    be used against him self, but the testimony of others can be), and the
    effects of a pre judicial public statements by high government officials. In
    light of the entire case, Withim discussed the disruptive effect it has had
    on the lives of all those indicted. "Instead of helping others, they (the
    alleged conspirators) have to ask others to help them," he said. McLaughlin
    did say, however, "We believe that we will be able to find justice."

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Ski Club
Content: The Bucknell Ski Club will spon sor a trip to Oregon Hill Ski A rea on Friday, M
    arch 5. A men's and women's giant slalom race

Heading: win
Content: be included. F o r all those interested there will be a meeting at Kappa Sigma,
    Thursday, Feb. 25 at 7:00 p.m ., group rates are available.

Heading: Ushers
Content: Anyone interested in being an usher at the Sea Train concert on March 5th,
    please contact Keith Coughey at 1993.

Heading: Carey House
Content: Applications for residence in Carey House, i. e ., International House, are
    available in Carey House lounge Feb. 15 to M ar. 15. Applicants m ay be men
    or women and, although language m ajors must be considered first, all in
    terested students are urged to ap ply. If there are further questions,
    please contact Professor Fouche (1120) or Chellie Colio (1318).

Heading: Counselors
Content: (Continued from Page 1) tion procedure from past years. In dividual interviews
    must also be scheduled. Both R.A.S and J.C .s receive fi nancial
    compensation deducted from their general bill. J.C .s earn a standard $500
    while R.A.s average about $400, according to the vary ing duties attached
    with serving the different residence halls.

Heading: Fireside
Content: Professor Ellis will host a fireside on Wednesday at 7:30 p.m . The topic for
    discussion will be "Pro fessors and Student - What Is Teaching?" Anyone
    interested in at tending please call Kay Smith at 1751.

Heading: Movie
Content: There will be a 23 minute movie on the analysis of Moon soil called "Museum of
    the Solar System to be shown on Tues. and Wed., M arch 2 and 3. It will be
    shown in Olin Science Auditorium at 7:30 p.m . Admission is free.

Heading: Artist9s Renections
Content: (Continued from Page 1) Washington only assured his white patrons that the
    Negroes were made of hard labor and that integration would be an anathema."
    It was not until W. E . B. Dubois' work, The Souls of Black Folk, that a
    realis tic picture of the white man's hy pocrisy, hostility, and brutality
    was revealed. There was a distinct sense of racial pride growing in America
    by 1920. The years between 1922- 1929 were known as the Harlem Renaissance,
    in which racial pride spread rampantly, and black lit erature grew to a new
    height. Notwithstanding the fact the de pression put an abrupt end to the
    Harlem Renaissance, the late thir ties saw the emergence of Richard Wright,
    the greatest black author of his day. "He was a m aster of style and
    dramatic technique," stated Redding, "and was certainly on a par with the
    best of white authors." His first work, Uncle Tom's Child ren, was extremely
    influential, and Native Son, which followed it, as sured the country of this
    man's greatness. Redding considered Na tive Son the summit of black liter
    ary achievement until 1958. The post Word War n  brought with it an
    increasing amount of militancy. However, this new black revolution was part
    of a larger rev olution in which all authority was being questioned. Early
    "beat writers," such as Kerouac and Gins berg, were indicative of this
    larger- scale revolution of which tbe blacks were a part. Ralph Ellison's
    Invis ible Man, published in 1952, revealed the greater complexity of the
    move ment. Ellison portrayed the terror of being young in America, especial
    ly for the black youth. The surge of militancy and racial pride grew
    furiously and was re flected in the speech, clothing, and actions of the new
    movement. Also, a new sense of African culture and history became
    incorporated into the new black mind. However, the essential difference
    between the twenties and the sixties was, as Redding said, "In the twenties
    they wanted to move into the mainstream, and in the sixties the move was
    directed away from the mainstream, as is portrayed by the powerful young
    black playwright Leroi Jones."

Heading: _________
Content: 

Heading: cur
Content: i

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I SAVE
Content: ____________

Heading: LOW COST, SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: i ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: SCHEDULED IMMEDIATELY
Content: 

Heading: (
Content: 

Heading: 212
Content: 

Heading: )
Content: 

Heading: 490-3600
Content: Im OrESSIONM . SCHEDULING SERVICE, I k . . I 545 FHtkAW n New York cny 10017 j
    There it* fe* for our unHci.

Heading: _  __ j
Content: 

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing In Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11 >>30
Content: 

Heading: p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri.-Sat. - - - 9:00
Content: 

Heading: - 1:00
Content: 

Heading: p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sunday - - - - 7:00 - 11:30
Content: 

Heading: p.m.
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quidt Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O P EN
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: 

Heading: Toe. - Thor. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. * Sat. -1 1  am. * 1:30 am.
Content: 

Heading: Sun. - Mon. - 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURQ, PA.
Content: 

Heading: THF.
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: MARCH 2, 1971
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: Interview your
Content: 

Heading: interviewer.
Content: 

Heading: Interviewing isn't just a chance to display your talents. It s a chance to
Content: 

Heading: get iniormation about employers. Don't waste it. Ask questions. To
Content: 

Heading: help you, we've listed some things that could affect how much you
Content: 

Heading: enjoy your future job. And finding work you enjoy is what it's all about.
Content: --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    ----------

Heading: -
Content: ^

Heading: 1 Do you have a training program? Describe it.
Content: 

Heading: 2  What specific responsibilities are trainees given?
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: What percentage of your management. . .
Content: 

Heading: are products of a training program?
Content: 

Heading: come from a specific area or school?
Content: 

Heading: hold graduate degrees?
Content: 

Heading: 4
Content: 

Heading: What percentage of your management openings are
Content: 

Heading: filled from within?
Content: 

Heading: 5
Content: 

Heading: If I join your firm and decide to change fields, can it
Content: 

Heading: be done within your firm?
Content: 

Heading: 6  What's the cost of living and the housing situation
Content: 

Heading: where I'd be employed?
Content: 

Heading: 7
Content: 

Heading: Does your company have any additional benefits such
Content: 

Heading: as cost of living adjustments, employee group life and
Content: 

Heading: medical insurance, company-paid retirement plan?
Content: 

Heading: 8  How does your company's size and growth compare
Content: 

Heading: with others in your industry?
Content: 

Heading: 2  What is your company doing in the way of public
Content: 

Heading: service?
Content: 

Heading: 10
Content: 

Heading: How does your employee turnover rate compare with
Content: 

Heading: other companies?
Content: 

Heading: 11
Content: 

Heading: There must be some negative aspects of the job you're
Content: 

Heading: offering. What are they?
Content: 

Heading: MARCH 4
Content: 

Heading: Interviewing the interviewer
Content: 

Heading: is an important step in select
Content: 

Heading: ing your career. And because
Content: 

Heading: w e're one of the w orld's
Content: 

Heading: largest insurers, a State Farm
Content: 

Heading: interview is a good way to
Content: 

Heading: investigate a number of career
Content: 

Heading: fields. Right now we have op
Content: 

Heading: portunities in accounting,
Content: 

Heading: actuarial scien ce, claim s,
Content: 

Heading: electronic data processing, in
Content: 

Heading: vestments, law, management
Content: 

Heading: and underwriting. Our re
Content: 

Heading: cruiter will be on your campus
Content: 

Heading: March 4.
Content: 

Heading: Arrange
Content: 

Heading: an interview through your
Content: 

Heading: Placement Office. Then bring
Content: 

Heading: your questions.
Content: STATE FARM INSURANCE

Heading: STATE FARM INSURANCE COMPANIES
Content: 

Heading: An Equal Opportunity Employer
Content: M p mm mmm

Heading: .........
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: fc
Content: IN >> JE &

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: Notes &
Content: 

Heading: Comment
Content: 

Heading: Knights Slip Past Cagers
Content: 

Heading: As Herd Finishes Season
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXm  -- NO. 34
Content: 

Heading: EEE&
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. MARCH 5. 1971
Content: By ROBERT WENDEL In the U.S. we, as citizens, have the right of " dissent,"
    and/or " free speech."  Also as human beings, we have obligation to try to
    right wrongs when we see them. Those of you who know me personally, or by
    name, know that I am  not known for my silence, to put it mildly. Earlier in
    the school year I wrote a column from the editors desk con cerning the
    basketball coach, Don Smith, and summarily received a great deal of flack
    for simply say ing things which were not only true at the time of the
    articles, appear ance, but for at least three years previous to it. Well, at
    this time, I find it acso- lutely necessary that sonmeone comment on the
    basketball game played against Delaware on Feb ruary 24, and on the year as
    a whole. Coach Don Smith is not only a bad coach, but also a ridiculous one.
    To point directly at the Dela ware game, we see many mistakes concerning
    strategy. First, the Hens had only six players. Any coach would immediately
    haVe seized on the opportunity to run the opposi tion into the court and
    possibly fouled out a few of the Hens play ers. Not Smith. He played Dela
    wares' game for three periods, at which point the score was 55-28. At
    approximately this point in the game, Biko was in foul trouble, and Coach
    Smith decided to replace him with sophomore Jack Ramsay. (Now for a little
    background. Ram say was the high scorer on last years' freshman ball team.
    He was also the floor general for the squad, and directed both the offense
    and the defense. Anyone who saw any of last years' games will remember that
    the freshmen were noted for their fast break type offense.) To proceed, the
    team started to come alive, and in the process Jim Donovan fouled out. It
    might be added here that Jim has done a tremendous job since literally
    breaking into the lineup. At this point the crowd started shouting " we want
    Heron,"  in hopes that the " bench"  would get a chance to play since the
    game was more or less out of reach anyway, or was it. Offensively Ramsay was
    moving the team toward the basket--some thing they hadn't been doint
    earlier. The easy layups started to come, and the buckets started dropping.
    Defensively, the team threw the most aggressive press of the year at the
    startled Hens. Before anyone knew what had happened, the mar gin had been
    cut to fifteen points, but time was running out by then, and at the end of
    the game the score was 79-69! The question is what happened? It all goes
    back to the problem that this University does not have the tremendous
    shooters, or the height advantage that many schools do, and in order to be
    really effective, it must " run."  In order to run, it is necessary to have
    an alert, and quick ball handler who wants to run. Ramsay is that kind of
    player. Unfortunately, he also sports what might almost be called an Afro
    hair style, and it is no secret that

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    A small fee is charged

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CAT.T. (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: t h e bu ck n ellian

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: MARCH 2, 1971 Smith doesn't like it. However, the fact remains that the Bucknell
    basketball team needs Ramsay. I'm  not trying to make him into an Oscar
    Robertson, but I am trying to say that he is one of the best players this
    school has, and it is impossible to rationalize why he has been sitting on
    the bench for the better part of a year. In conclusion, I must add that I
    hope this article doesn't jeprodize Jack's chances of playing in the future,
    however it wouldn't suprise me if it did. I would also ask once again that
    the Athletic Department try to find a " good" replacement for Don Smith.

Heading: IM BOWLING
Content: (Trough February 23) League 1 League 2

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: LND
Content: 22 2

Heading: TKE
Content: 19 1

Heading: RAM
Content: 15 5

Heading: TDX
Content: 15 5

Heading: KS
Content: 9 15

Heading: LCA
Content: 16 8

Heading: KDR
Content: 5 15

Heading: PKP
Content: 6 18

Heading: PGD
Content: 5 19

Heading: TX
Content: 0 24 League 3 League 4

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: SX
Content: 22 2

Heading: E
Content: 14 2

Heading: DU
Content: 16 8

Heading: A
Content: 17 3

Heading: SAM
Content: 6 14

Heading: C
Content: 13 7

Heading: SPE
Content: 7 17

Heading: D
Content: 4 16

Heading: SAE
Content: 1 19

Heading: B
Content: 0 20 By ALAN GROCHAL Closing the cage season on a dis appointing note, the
    Bisons lost a heartbreaking 60-59 decision to Rut gers, Saturday. The
    Scarlet Knights' Tom Roth converted two free throws with only two seconds
    remaining to snatch victory from the Thundering Herd.

Heading: Weekend Sports
Content: In other action over this weekend, the Bison mermen sent the Lehigh tankers home
    with a 64-49 defeat. The Bisons ended the season with a 9-2 record. The
    swimmers are now busy preparing for the MAC champ ionships this weekend at
    Temple. Further details will be presented in the next issue of the
    Bucknellian. The Bucknell grapplers weren't quite so lucky as junior Mark
    Ram- age notched a 9-8 victory over his Syracuse opponent to prevent a
    shutout as the Orange routed the matmen 33-3. The wrestlers will participate
    in the MAC tournament at Gettysburg this weekend.

Heading: Bowling
Content: The intramural bowling tourna ment will be held this Thursday and Friday. All
    eligible teams are asked to have their representatives con tact Coach
    Schumacher. BU led by as many as 4 points in the final minute of play but a
    turnover and a missed foul shot set up Rutgers' comeback. Trailing until the
    final 4% min utes of play, the Bisons streaked ahead behind the inspired
    play of Chris Riley. Riley, who played his last game for BU, led the team
    with 19 points. Bill Peterson the only other grad uating player added 9
    points in his final effort for the Herd. Sophomore Jim Donovan played well
    down the stretch with seven of his ten points coming in the last 7 minutes
    of the game. Bison fans were given a scare late in the first half, when
    center Harvey Carter was forced out of the game with an injury. Carter was
    sorely missed as BU fell behind 33-24. Carter returned shortly be fore the
    half however, and helped the Herd pull to within 4 at inter mission 36-32.
    Deserving special note is the fact that the Bisons were able to stay with a
    much taller team. The Scar let Knights' front line consists of 6'9" , and
    6'6"  players. BU finished their season with a 9-14 mark while Rutgers is
    14-7. On an encouraging note, four of tonight's starting five will return to
    Coach Smith next year, making the Bisons definite future MAC con tenders.

Heading: ____________________
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: ?
Content: 

Heading: CORSAGES -
Content: 

Heading: CUT FLOWERS
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: ?
Content: 

Heading: Going to the Mil Ball?
Content: 

Heading: Get Her Corsage At
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 400 Market Street Lewisburg, Pa. Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind of
    liv in g ............ You can do your own kind of dressing in fashions from

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: ask for your free copy of RAGS magazine
Content: 

Heading: ............
Content: 

Heading: FOR
Content: 

Heading: SALES AND SALES MANAGEMENT
Content: 

Heading: TRAINING PROGRAM
Content: This Program is designed to develop young college grad uates for careers in life
    insurance sales and sales manage ment. It provides an initial training
    period of 3 months (including 2 weeks at a Home Office School) before moving
    into full sales work. Those who are interested in and who are found
    qualified for management responsibility are assured of ample oppor tunity to
    move on to such work in either our field offices or in the Home Office after
    an initial period in sales. Aggressive expansion plans provide unusual
    opportunities for those accepted. Arrange with the placement office for an
    interview with:

Heading: WILLIAM H. SHILLINGSFORD, CLU
Content: 

Heading: MARCH 9, 1971
Content: 

Heading: Connecticut M u tu a l Life
Content: INSURANCE COMPANY * HARTFORD

Heading: THE BLUE CHIP COMPANY
Content: *

Heading: SINCE
Content: 1846 an Equal Opportunity Employer

Heading: o
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER in EUROPE for $199JO
Content: 

Heading: 8 June 2 to August 28--New York to Amsterdam
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: (Round Trip)

Heading: 8
Content: 8

Heading: CALL SA LLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477
Content: 8

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: X (Open only to Bucknell Students and Educational Staff-- x Price Based on 60
    Seats)

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: _______________________________________
Content: 

Heading: 4
Content: 

Heading: "An outrageously, raunchy parody of normal tele
Content: 

Heading: vision programming, 'Brand X' knows where it s at
Content: 

Heading: sexually, politically and (pop) culturally. It trans
Content: 

Heading: gresses the last taboo!"
Content: "devilishly, piercingly funny, fortified with an acute sense of the absurd" --
    N. Y. Times "A  movie for all the good things in life." L-A. Free Press "The
    distillations of a unsani tary mental condition." -- Variety

Heading: brand
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: directed by W in Chamber- land, starring Taylor Mead. Sally Kirkland, Frank
    Cavi- stasi, Tally Brown and Abbie Hoffmas, Casdy Dar ling, Ultra Violet and
    Sam Shepard.

Heading: THURSDAY, M ARCH 4, 8:00 P. M.
Content: 

Heading: V A U G H A N  LIT. AUDITORIUM
Content: 

Heading: 75 cents
Content: 

Heading: SS WED., THURS., FRI., SAT.
Content: 

Heading: MAR. 3. 4, 5, 6
Content: 

Heading: DIRECT FROM DENMARK
Content: . . THREE PEOPLE IN A STRANGE _  # an d FORBIDDEN LOVE AFFAtH

Heading: threesome
Content: * In color by Technicolor The finrt film made In Denmark since that country
    abolished all censorship. It was siezed as obsoene by U.S. Customs only to
    be released thru legal efforts, without a single cutl WHAT THE CRITICS SAY:
    ...g iv e  ell take ell erotic encounters. . basically nude dramatics.. . a
    aenae ol style and a thoroughly professional lob. VARIETY ,.. surpasses I AM
    CURIOUS and WITHOUT A ,1 . STITCH with scenes that practkmlly bum a / hole
    In the screen ...e  sex film ol the strongest '* kind...magnificent staging
    and beautiful photography. -- BACKSTAGE ...a bold and Interesting film.
    ..high powered lesbian d ra m s ... certainly the best film yet In the feat
    moving new vogue ol soendlnavlan-American co-productions ... smacks of
    Bergman In Intensity ...a film that goes ell the way. - CINEMA MAGAZINE By n
    fy of the totally revealing nature of THREESOME, absolutely no one under 18
    will be admitted. Special tubers will be tw duty te check idewtificetion of
    eejone whose age maybe in Question, if you ere <<bocked or embarrased by
    nudity and total frankness, you aro urged NOT to attend

Heading: SHOW TIMES 7:00 --  9:00
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: >
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: *

Heading: E H  I
Content: 

Heading: Idte Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Students Receive
Content: 

Heading: McCloskey Verdict Reversed
Content: 

Heading: Graduate Awards
Content: 

Heading: Court Rules on Room Search Policy
Content: By RICHARD HUMPHREY Bonnie Spring, senior psychology major, and Mike Sussman,
    senior biology major, have been notified of their selection as recipients of

Heading: Bonnie Spring
Content: the Woodrow Wilson Fellowship for graduate study. These awards are reserved for
    seniors planning grad uate work who have " outstanding intellectual
    promise." Miss Spring plans to work for her Ph.D. in personality research at
    Stanford or Harvard after which she would like to do post doctoral clini cal
    work and eventually enter col lege instruction. She said that she was "
    shocked" to have been awarded the fellow ship. She is presently working on a
    senior honors thesis in two parts. The first section is on the historical
    background of theories of imagina tion and the second part concerns
    experimental tests of imagination and various sensory modalities in problem
    solving tasks. Miss Spring, is a member of Psichi and Alpha Lamda Delta
    honorary societies and Beta Gamma Sorority. She spent her junior year in
    Liver pool, England. Other campus activities include work with the
    psychology curricu lum committee as well as C.A. volunteer work at
    Laurelton. Sussman would like to work for his Ph.D. in plant physiology at
    Michigan State, Harvard, or Yale. After completion of his doctoral work, he
    plans a career in college teaching and research. Sussman is currently
    involved with a seniors honors thesis on the effects of plant hormones on
    plant cell differentiation. He too, expressed surprise at his selection and
    stated: " You start out humble and something like this makes you more
    confident. You find that maybe you have certain capa bilities." He serves as
    vice president of Phi Sigma, national biology society, (Continued on Page 4)
    By GINA SMITH College dormitory rooms are as secure from unwarranted police
    searches as private homes, apart ments, and hotel rooms, according to a
    recent Superior Court ruling. The verdict reversed a possession of marijuana
    sentence on Roy Wil son McCloskey, former student here. Additionally, the
    court has clarified the official procedure for entering and searching a
    student's room. In his appeal, McCloskey had challenged the legality of the
    search of his room by state police and narcotics agents in the spring of
    1968. The authorities let themselves in by use of a pass key obtained from
    the head resident of the dormi tory. John Zeller, vice-president for ad
    ministration and finance, recalls the incident: " There was some question as
    to whether the investigators knocked on McClaskey's door. They didn't
    announce the purpose of their visit, and they wrongly assumed that McCloskey
    was not in the room." The McCloskey verdict stands as the most authorative
    statement on dormitory searches at this time. All college officials in the
    country must follow these guidelines in entering a student's room. However,
    the Su perior Court verdict presently is be ing appealed to a higher court.
    John Dunlop, dean of student af fairs, cites both the McCloskey rul ing and
    guidelines approved by ABS and faculty last year as determin ing official
    University policy on room searches. He explains, " First, I would dis
    tinguish between searches conducted by the University and searches con
    ducted by outside law enforcement officers. The University has no con trol
    over outside searches and prob-

Heading: Mike Sussman
Content: 

Heading: Women J. C. 's Oppose Change
Content: 

Heading: Revised Counselor Qualifications Spark Debate
Content: By PAMELA DAY The change in women's qualifica tions for J.C., now allowing both
    juniors and seniors to hold the posi tion, has created widespread de bate
    among those involved in or knowledgable about the situation. Of those
    interviewed it appears that it is mainly the women who oppose such a change
    in their system while the men, whose system of freshman counseling has
    traditionally allowed both juniors and seniors, have much to say in its
    favor. Mary Ellen Cacetta, a past J.C., summarized the major reason for
    those who do not welcome the change, " I don't think it's good for a senior
    to be a freshman counselor. A senior is really removed from freshmen. She
    could make an effort but there's just such a difference in life outlook. I
    really don't think all that many seniors will be interest ed: they have
    their other concerns taking them away from campus in terests, looking for
    jobs." Also a past J.C., Shelley Colio thought it " a shame seniors will be
    so close to freshmen. The seniors are characteristically indifferent be
    cause they're leaving and can't get excited about the University. It's a
    shame to put them in contact with freshmen, although the freshman spirit
    might be contagious." Beth Wright, now applying for R. A., raised a new
    argument in stat ing her belief that, " by the time you go through junior
    year, you need to be with upperclassmen to challenge your ideas. It's not
    that seniors won't be interested, but freshmen are special people. Juniors
    are much more close to them and better able to help." She also pointed out
    that, " Fresh man women get especially close to their J.C. A junior would
    still be here the next year, while a senior who left wouldn't give the same
    carrying through action." Also a former J.C., now an R.A., Jeanne Brockmyer
    reflected, " One of the best things about being a J.C. is the freshness and
    newness of it. It's new to you and new to the freshman, so you have a
    spontane ity and enthusiasm on both sides." She further stated as a senior
    that " What you're thinking about and what the freshman are think-

Heading: Black Prof Outlines
Content: 

Heading: Afro Music History
Content: By BILL WHITNEY " The Influence of the African Idiom on Music of the United
    States"  was the topic of a lecture delivered by Howard University Professor
    Vada E. Butcher on Sun day afternoon in Vaughan Litera ture Auditorium as
    part of the Afro-American Symposium II. Professor Butcher's lecture, which
    included many taped recordings, traced the influence of African music on the
    music of America from the time Negro slaves were first brought to this
    continent with their tribal songs to the " downright revolutionary"
    compositions of pre sent Afro-American musicians. Since the slaves
    originated from western Africa, Butcher began her lecture by describing the
    character- (Continued on Page 4) ably wouldn't be informed of them." As
    stated in the

Heading: ABS
Content: rules, " search of a room by law enforce ment officers under the authority of a
    duly issued search warrant must be permitted by the University whether the
    occupant is present or not." For a University-based search, there must be
    reason to suspect that a room " (1) contains stolen goods . . .  (2) items
    or persons pro hibited by University regulations are present; or (3)
    activities are in progress that are forbidden by Uni versity regulations."
    Dean Dunlop asserts, " If a dormi tory room is searched, we will make every
    effort to identify ourselves and our purpose before entering. Prior to the
    McCloskey decision, knocking and identification were not required." (With
    court approval, District of Columbia police may enter private (Continued on
    Page 4)

Heading: Conference Committee Next
Content: 

Heading: ABS Approves Senate
Content: ing about is so different. It would be bad for the freshan to have some one in a
    J.C. position lose interest in something they're interested in: the J.C. is
    just as important at the end of the freshman year." Current J.C., Pam
    Schwartz, said she was " surprised"  to hear about the change in
    qualifications. She stressed that " The needs of the job is different for
    girls from guys: girls need a J.C. around a lot more." The men, who have
    traditionally had both seniors and juniors work ing with freshmen, expressed
    an opposite view. Curt Torell, a senior freshman counselor, had much to say
    favor ing " a mixture of juniors and seniors." " As a group of hall
    counselors, they work best together. Juniors and seniors each have their
    separate advantages to give to the group. They bring up diverse com ments,
    bring out more ideas." Another senior counselor of fresh man men, Matt
    Ridgway, stated straightforwardly, " I can't see a problem with a senior in
    that job. You have to take into account the person who really wants to do
    this job. A senior will know herself well enough to know how she will react
    to the job." " Many senior girls think they can't handle it. Some one who
    feels that way should not try. But there will be exceptions. Maybe some one
    just couldn't do it their junior year; it would be too bad if the op
    portunity were closed." " Anyone who applies goes through a lot of soul-
    searching. He figures (Continued on Page 4) Regarding completion of the ABS
    consideration of the University Sen ate, Bob Nachshin, newly elected student
    body president, said. " I think the ABS has gone a step further than the
    faculty has to ward establishing a true com munity governance." The
    Association of Bucknell Stu dents finally ratified their amended version of
    the University Senate document by a vote of 20 to 5 at its Wednesday night
    meeting. The document will now be sent to a conference committee in the nevt
    step of the document's ratifica tion process. This committee will attempt to
    iron out the differences between the faculty and the ABS versions of the
    Senate. After that, the document will be sent back to the faculty for their
    approval and then to the entire student body in the form of a ref erendum.
    The faculty passed the Senate October 19 and immediately after wards the ABS
    began its considera tion of the document, October 23. A total of 63
    amendments were sub mitted over a five month period. The most important
    change the ABS made was in deleting the stu dent life committee because the
    Congress felt that its duties over lapped with those of the ABS. The
    Congress felt therefore that this committee was not needed. The Congress
    also discussed the functions of the Senate and its composition, increasing
    student membership and changing eligibility and election procedures for stu
    dents. Amendments involving organiza tion, duties, and membership of various
    committees were passed. Two new committees were added, a committee on
    instruction and a committee on athletics.

Heading: Chorale Terminates
Content: 

Heading: Busy Concert Tour
Content: eJ By NICKI DREW Monday evening's concert with the Pennsylvania Ballet Company
    was the grande finale to a busy month for the University Chorale and Wind
    Ensemble. A February concert schedule of five perform ances, including one
    in Hazelton, Pa. and a benefit for the Evan gelical Hospital, necessitated
    four to five rehearsals per week, one taking place every Saturday morn ing.
    On Friday afternoon at 4:00, four buses departed from the parking lot behind
    Harris Hall for a church in the west end of Philadelphia, where the Chorale
    and Wind En semble performed Vincent Persi- chetti's " Celebrations"  and
    William Latham's " Te Deum." After hearing the Friday night performance of
    his work, Mr. Per- sichetti wrote a letter to the group's director, Allen W.
    Flock praising it as the " best performance"  he (Continued on Page 4) By
    STEVE SHEDD The Pitt News has reported that the University of Pittsburgh is
    pre sently under racial pressure: " Black and white students on this campus
    are at the moment violently uptight and ready to strike out at anyone who is
    their opposite in color; and if something isn't done to alleviate the
    tension now prevailing we're going to have a first-class, busted-head,
    students-hospitalized-maybe-even killed, race riot." This tension stems from
    an incident on February 20 in which a black student and a white student
    engaged in what is believed to be name-call ing and threatening. Campus
    police were called to the scene but the tower of tension had already been
    built. What resulted was a good-sized fist-throwing fracas between the black
    and white students. Several students were injured in the incident. Students
    at Villa Maria College in Erie, Pa. have been wondering why there is only a
    token representation of black students on campus. In an article published in
    the school's newspaper. The Villecrit, the at titude of the administration
    was blamed. The reason for the lack of black students were presented: (1)
    the absence of black faculty members (2) the absence of black administrators
    (3) the absence of a black advisor (whom the students could relate and
    identify) (4) hardly any black films shown and finally (5) scarcely any
    black speakers or performers of any kind scheduled. Black Panther, Huey
    Newton, spoke recently at Syracuse University. His speech carried a theme
    for the world to work together. Newton preached intercommunalism and love,
    not nationalism and racism. " Without you there can be no revolution. The
    people must liberate their institutions, and when the empire that is America
    can no longer control the world, the universal police can no longer oppress
    the people there will be but one world, one people. Newton spoke calmly,
    portraying his vision of the future, as he asked for the help of all men in
    pursuing his goal. I I m niM MigiiiMpr'nri.......r~ ''" i "winni-- umi
    ***>',w**^*<<>><<-.. *V >: u <<#MU*.

Heading: IM
Content: ehmhmhmhhmmb w # *llm .

Heading: Athletic Objectivity
Content: 

Heading: It is difficult to dispute the conten
Content: 

Heading: tion that, if students are to be included
Content: 

Heading: on committees whose decisions will af
Content: 

Heading: fect all students, then these members
Content: 

Heading: should be appointed by the entire stu
Content: 

Heading: dent body. Since the students at this
Content: 

Heading: University have chosen to be represented
Content: 

Heading: by the ABS, it follows that these mem
Content: 

Heading: bers of University committees should
Content: 

Heading: necessarily be appointed by the Congress
Content: 

Heading: of the ABS.
Content: 

Heading: A subcommittee of the Committee
Content: 

Heading: on Academic Regulations is presently en
Content: 

Heading: gaged in evaluating the physical educa
Content: 

Heading: tion requirement. The membership of the
Content: 

Heading: committee was specified by the Provost,
Content: 

Heading: the chairman of the CAR. Although
Content: 

Heading: four students were allowed to partici
Content: 

Heading: pate, the ABS was instructed to appoint
Content: 

Heading: only two of the four. The other two
Content: 

Heading: students were appointed by the Men's
Content: 

Heading: and Women's Physical Education Depart
Content: 

Heading: ments.
Content: 

Heading: During the course of the committee
Content: 

Heading: deliberations, the students appointed by
Content: 

Heading: the ABS requested an explanation of
Content: 

Heading: the rationale behind allowing the physi
Content: 

Heading: cal education department appointees to
Content: 

Heading: participate on the committee. A satis
Content: 

Heading: factory answer was never found, aside
Content: 

Heading: from the argument that "both sides
Content: 

Heading: should be represented."
Content: 

Heading: The appointment of committee mem
Content: 

Heading: bers should only take into account the
Content: 

Heading: ability of these individuals to arrive at
Content: 

Heading: a rational decision after impartially
Content: 

Heading: evaluating
Content: 

Heading: information
Content: 

Heading: presented
Content: 

Heading: to
Content: 

Heading: them. Although, in reality, such im
Content: 

Heading: partial and unbiased people are rarely
Content: 

Heading: found, to deliberately appoint certain
Content: 

Heading: members because of the bias in their
Content: 

Heading: views is in direct contradiction to the
Content: 

Heading: evaluating-deliberating nature of this
Content: 

Heading: type of group.
Content: 

Heading: We are not disputing the fact that
Content: 

Heading: "both sides should be represented." But
Content: 

Heading: they should not necessarily be represent
Content: 

Heading: ed on the committee, rather they should
Content: 

Heading: be represented in the information which
Content: 

Heading: the committee uses to arrive at its con
Content: 

Heading: clusions. To deny the student body the
Content: 

Heading: choice of its own representatives is an
Content: 

Heading: insult, and obviously invalidates the find
Content: 

Heading: ings of this committee--as far as stu
Content: 

Heading: dents are concerned.
Content: 

Heading: Although the committee has com
Content: 

Heading: pleted most of its work, there is still time
Content: 

Heading: to prevent biased conclusions from reach
Content: 

Heading: ing the faculty. If the students ap
Content: 

Heading: pointed by either the physical education
Content: 

Heading: department, the ABS, or both should re
Content: 

Heading: sign from the committee before the final
Content: 

Heading: decision is reached, the CAR would be
Content: 

Heading: unable to accept the findings of the com
Content: 

Heading: mittee and would be forced to appoint a
Content: 

Heading: new committee which, we would hope,
Content: 

Heading: would be less political. If the committee
Content: 

Heading: remains intact, we urge the students ap
Content: 

Heading: pointed by the ABS to refuse to agree to
Content: 

Heading: any propositions or compromises which
Content: 

Heading: may have been necessitated by the com
Content: 

Heading: mittee's bias.
Content: 

Heading: Political committees whose duty is to
Content: 

Heading: come up with comfortable compromises
Content: 

Heading: should not exist. A committee should be
Content: 

Heading: unbiased and impartial, considering all
Content: 

Heading: facets of a problem before coming to a
Content: 

Heading: decision. If this is not the case, then why
Content: 

Heading: bother with any pretentions of object
Content: 

Heading: ivity?
Content: 

Heading: GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: Black Studies
Content: ,B y TOM FICKLIN, American colleges are, above all else, political in that
    values are pro moted and distributed by means of power and authority.
    Furthermore, they have been stripped and shown to be operated with the same
    racist, political, social, and economic dynamics as any other institution.
    Black students demand Black Studies, that kind of program which will de
    velop black people who can work within and for the Black community; these
    have been political demands. The struggle has been political in the sense
    that the right of the college and university to rule unchallenged In the
    traditional ways was being questioned. What is essential to such a program
    is not only a knowledge of the black man and his culture, but also that each
    item of the program be planned in reference to a goal of liberation and
    development of black people. For many years to come, Black ghettos will
    continue to exist as separated communities, and full respect will not come
    to black people in America, if it comes at all, until the black community as
    a whole is re spected. Black Studies proposals attempt to explore new ways
    to approach socio-political change in modem America, at least from the
    vantage point of black Americans. Have not some political science courses
    traditionally been dealing with how groups operated effectively in the
    society? Have not many of the economic courses not only dealt with mere
    description of the existing economic order, but also with ways to strengthen
    and make that order more viable? Are we unaware of the mass of research
    earned on on the college campuses by scholars under contract with the goal
    in the natural, physical, and political sciences. The student is not to be
    trained to be a " credit to his race,"  but to be an asset to his people.
    They are not concerned only with the development of teachers, social
    scientists, technicians, businessmen, and counselors; they recognize the
    parallel need for research scientists, psychologists, humanists, and even
    philosophers; for technical excellence cannot develop in the absence of
    theoretical speculation. The black community is con trolled by foreigners,
    owned by foreigners, trade is handled by foreigners, political control
    generally emanates from foreigners, education is de termined by foreigners,
    and economy is dependent upon foreigners. In short, the black ghetto has
    less opportunity to regulate itself and to de termine its future than the
    American Colonies did when they chafed under what they described as the
    tyrannical oppression of Great Britain. Realiz ing that respect will not
    come as long as the black ghetto remains in the present state, many
    proponents of Black Studies therefore, are concerned primarily with programs
    which will train people who can transform the (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: FEEDBACK
Content: 

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: ABS Editorial
Content: To the Editor; The Bucknellian editorials of Feb. 26 calling for the disbanding
    of the ABS were yet another example of the lengths to which the Editorial
    Board will go in order to mislead the University into accepting its
    opinions. It is my intention to . . . clarify some of the more blatant
    deceptions being perpetrated. I do this because I was a member of the ABS
    (and therefore, by the logic of the editorial, one of the " power - seeking
    individuals" on campus), and because I am con cerned about the future of
    student action at Bucknell. The Editorial Board opens its at tack by stating
    that the ABS is neither representative of the student body nor in possession
    of any " Real Power"  outside of the " doling out (of) money."  It then
    attempts to verify this statement. .  . The Board asks, " Can an
    organization which could not engender enough student interest to readily
    obtain two can didates for its second most im portant office be called truly
    repre sentative?"  Craig Eby's letter to the Editor (Feb. 26) revealed the
    nature of the problem to which the editorial refers. As a member of the

Heading: ABS
Content: Steering Committee and a friend of the candidate involved,' I can verify Craig's
    letter. The Elec tion Committee did encounter sever al people who considered
    running for the office in question. However, upon consideration of the over-
    whelming qualifications of the other candidate, they refused to run. They
    felt that they could not, and did not want to, offer any serious (<<>>posi
    tion to such a strong candidate. In any event, this situation has absolutely
    no logical connection with the ability of the ABS to re present the student
    body. The Elec tion Committee contacted every student it considered to be a
    poten tial candidate and it publicized the election thoroughly in order to
    reach all interested parties. It merely points to the ability of one
    candidate and, possibly, the lack of motivation on the part of some po
    tential candidates. As for the Editorial's assertion that: " A truly
    representative body would have to be as apathetic as the students it
    represents, and therefore, would not exist in the first place."  One can
    only sit back and wonder how such a supposedly intelligent and concerned
    group as the Editorial Board could formulate such a spurious syllogism. The
    prob lem at Bucknell isn't that people don't have opinions on certain sub
    jects, it's that they don't all have the ambition or confidence neces sary
    to take action. A body of in terested and concerned people can very easily
    represent student o- pinion . . . while not representing the lack of
    motivation in the stu dent body. Representative govern ment is supposed to
    represent o- (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: B u t k n e U i a n
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member of
    Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription, $7.00, payable in advance.
    Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the post office at
    Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES
Content: 

Heading: MUSSMAN
Content: Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: SCOTT GEBHARDT
Content: National Adv. Manager

Heading: STEVE BECKER
Content: 

Heading: DOUG BROWN
Content: 

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: EDITORIAL BOARD
Content: 

Heading: DEAN LANDEW
Content: 

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: Office: Focht Printing Co., 229 Market Street, 523-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts.
    524-1221

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: Sea Train
Content: To the Editor: Upon returning to campus after January, I was somewhat disap
    pointed, as Tm sure several stu dents were, in learning of the con cert
    series planned for the semester. I was very hesitant in buying a ticket and
    even bothering to see a group called " Sea Train." Last weekend, however, I
    happened to catch them in concert with the Youngbloods at Colgate
    University. When it was all over, the Train had played for two and a half
    hours in one of the most totally involved concerts I had ever experienced.
    The appearance of the Youngbloods at midnight could only be a letdown. With
    an electronic violin .that in my opinion, surpasses the quality of It's A
    Beautiful Day, and a flute that competes with the excellence of Chicago,
    this amazing folk-rock group is definitely worth seeing. I hope they can
    turn on the erratic Bucknell audience with the same kind of show that
    completely blew up the Colgate gym. David Kassel '74

Heading: Elections
Content: To the Election Committee: This letter is not intended to be a personal
    criticism against any one individual on the election board, or against my
    opponent in the past election. I congratulate Bob and en courage all members
    of the Buck nell community to support him. My letter is written as a
    criticism of die procedure used during the past campaign. As a candidate, I
    was notified by an election board of ficial that I was permitted to send
    only one letter to the students out lining my views. My letter was prin ted
    by the University Duplicating Service on Friday, and they dere distributed
    on Sunday evening. My opponent sent one letter through the campus mail
    earlier in the week and distributed a second sheet the night before the
    election. Apparent ly he was not told that he was limited to one flyer. I
    later dis covered that there was no limit policy on the number of circulars
    set by the election committee. I am not implying that I was purposely
    misled, rather

Heading: I
Content: feet that those on the election board were not explicit in outlining the
    specific rules of the campaign. I suggest that the election committee send
    each candidate a written state ment outlining all of the campaign
    limitations such as the use of pos ters, limit of money to be spent, and the
    like. Only when such writ- MARCH 5, 1971 ten guidelines are given to each

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: Literary Editor

Heading: TOM NOVINGER
Content: News Assistant

Heading: JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: DAVE STEIN
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: DAVID WEINBERGER
Content: 

Heading: STEVE WYATT
Content: candidate will misunderstandings be averted in the future. Sincerely, Jim
    Lackritz

Heading: Dunlop Again
Content: To the Editor: Although I have serious doubts about most of what was said by
    Miss May and Mssrs. Resnick, Thompson, Hart, Clayton and Hen- dershot (The
    Bucknellian, Feb. 26), I must agree that my facts were a bit inaccurate with
    regard to John Dunlop's attempt to encourage a pro-administration opposition
    in the

Heading: ABS
Content: Presidential elections (The Bucknellian, Feb. 23). After investigating further,
    the most recent version of the events preceding the election is said to go
    as follows: Having observed that Bob Nach- shin was a trong Presidential
    cand idate running against a less well- known opponent, three students,
    Resnick and Hart among them, met several times during the one or two weeks
    prior to the election in order to determine if one of them should consider
    opposing Nachshin (the as sumption being that one of them would be tougher
    opposition). In the meantime, Dunlop, who has been uneasy about the increas
    ing number of ABS actions that make obviously " unrealistic"  de mands of
    the Board of Trustees and Faculty, was not particularly pleased with the
    anticipated suc cession of Nachshin to the Presi dency of the ABS, fearing
    that Nachshin would be " too radical." He made his feelings known to either
    one or all three of the stu dents mentioned above when they sought his
    advice about the election. At that time, he also encouraged one of them to
    run for the office. That person subsequently decided not to run for one
    reason or an other. Originally, I was led to believe that Dunlop had
    initiated the dis cussion, but it now seems that my source erred on that
    point. If Res nick, Hart or anyone else would like to take issue with my
    story, I would be more than happy to hear their version. Paul Osher

Heading: FEEDBACK
Content: 

Heading: Letters to t
Content: A performer is a human being, with feelings like most of us. Buying a ticket to
    a performance means you can listen to a performer and hopefully enjoy the
    experience. It does not mean that you have to enjoy it, but if you don't,
    I'm  not sure you have any right to boo and ridicule a person giving of
    themself for you. Does buying a ticket make you 'the master' and the
    performer 'a slave' to be treated as you wish? A second level to question
    Mr. Fletcher's letter is the factual leveL In fact, the first show (which
    Fletc her supposedly couldn't attend) was NOT any shorter than it would have
    been in any other circumstances. Neither the second show nor Kathy Smith's
    performance shortened it one minute. One correct thing said by Fletcher is
    that Andy Meyer is responsible for it all. He is. When we were freshmen,
    before Andy brought con certs to Bucknell, there were two major concerts. In
    the fall Dionne Warwick performed. Arriving about an hour late, she sang
    excellently, although through a sound system that distorted her voice badly
    in (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Concerts
Content: To the Editor: Gordon Fletcher's letter in your last issue needs a reply at two
    levels. First, at the opinion level, I question Fletcher's attitude towards
    booing a performer. He says that he paid $5.50 and, for his money, he has
    the right to boo a performer if she does not meet his standards.

Heading: U
Content: fifi *>><^ i <<5(r) w i a case for the infirmary: o ziegler, hall of pain! to
    come to you when illness strikes would brand me as insane! to crawl up to
    your steep abode a student must be strong; to all who somehow make the climb
    you say, " well done, so long." but students of ecology must grant you what
    you're due-- r* t you're helping to Improve the Race (if Darwin's thoughts
    were true). And thought some students moan and groan and vow you not to
    trust, sam won't call you a hypocrite you do dispense-- with us. yours/ sam
    (ziegler has claimed the lives of many of his rodent cousins the rats . . .
    poor rats.) (Continued from Page 2) pinion, not personality traits. The
    Editorial Board then searches for further 'proof of ABS failure by saying
    that the new living unit re presentatives are " dead wood."  As 'evidence'
    for this slander they ask us to " witness the alacrity with which the Senate
    has been dealt." . . .  I assume the board is ironically pointing to the
    fact that the ABS has been working on amending the faculty version of the
    University Senate for nearly 3 months. The fact that the ABS has had to
    consider over 60 amendments . . . some of which are completely original with
    the ABS and its " dead wood"  mem bers, makes no impression on the Board
    (the fact that the Senate may well be the most important thing to happen to
    Bucknell in 50 years makes no impression either.). Many ABS members have put
    in long hours, thinking and rethinking, writ ing and rewriting, in an effort
    to create the best possible Senate. The fact that this concern is considered
    to be evidence of " dead wood"  in our midst can only be attributed to the
    Board's own superficiality and inexperience. Any group that em phasizes
    speed over comprehensive ness in matters such as the Senate document would
    indeed be an ap propriate target for an attack by The Bucknellian. The ABS,
    however, has tried to retain the best of both worlds, being both as thorough
    and as efficient, as possible. After this brief attempt at con crete
    evidence the Editorial Board stated that it doubts that the addi tion of the
    L.U.R.'s has made the present ABS any more representa tive than " the
    unopposed oligarchy which preceeded it."  Catchy phrase that, " unopposed
    oligarchy."  Sounds pretty damn sinister. Fortunately, it has no real
    meaning. Unfortunate ly the Board used it to mislead its readers. The
    oligarchy referred to is, I assume, the ABS in its first year of operation
    during the ad ministration of . . . Mel Hill. I have no idea as to what the
    term " un opposed"  refers. All the candidates in that election had
    opponents and rather strong ones as I recall. Per- % haps the Board means
    unopposed by The Bucknellian. In any event, the increase from 15 people to
    31 people has allowed a larger number of students to participate, thus
    providing the op portunity for more ideas and view points. In many cases the
    new L.U.R.'s have been able to report directly on student opinion in their
    constituencies. This is clearly an in crease in representation. We now come
    to the Board's idea ot a " more honest form of student organization" (though
    from what we've seen of the Board's 'honesty' so far, I have my doubts). The
    editorial calls for a Student Fund ing Committee which " would recog nize
    itself as a necessary adminis trative agency and only that."  This SFC would
    " avoid delusions of rep resentativeness and popular voice." The fact that
    the esteemed Editorial Board thinks that a funding com mittee (or a Student
    Appropriations Committee which is the name the <<I ABS uses) is a purely
    administra tive agency which need not bother with the " popular voice"  is
    rather surprising . . . and rather naive. The present Appropriations Com
    mittee (consisting of the 5 ABS of ficers and the 5 at-large members) is
    responsible for the allotment of $60,000 in student funds. It sets up
    budgetary priorities and controls the purse strings of the vast ma jority of
    student organizations, in cluding The Bucknellian. To say that such an
    important group need not bother with student opinion shows a colossal
    ignorance of the prob lems of governance. How could we decide who deserves
    more funds and who less without refering to the

Heading: A
Content: needs and desires of the campus population? If the members of this SFC had no
    job but budgeting, how could we be sure that their actions would be
    responsive to changing situations on campus? Another point is that if all
    these administrative committees (SFC, committee on ap pointments, etc.) are
    elected, the problem of popular people winning will still be present. . .
    The idea of a student referendum on all " important matters"  is in
    teresting. Who will decide which matters are important? There are no
    official leaders, so who will deal with the administration and faculty in
    the negotiation of demands? If everyone can vote in the open meet ings
    described (a system considered and rejected during the formation of the
    ABS), what will prevent block voting by special interest groups? What will
    prevent factioning and political in-fighting (such as that which often
    plagues the faculty) from creating a worse morass than that of the, at
    times, tedious ABS. Clearly this new " honest"  system is without substance.
    One further point of criticism re garding the editorial itself. The Board
    claims that attendance is a clear measure of the importance which the
    students attach to a par ticular function. According to this logic not only
    are ABS meetings unimportant, but also Bucknellian editorial meetings, anti-
    Vietnam meetings, C.A. volunteer meetings and just about everything else out
    side of fraternity parties, concerts and Dunkle's. I repeat that I be lieve
    the student body cares about many things . . .  It is only that their
    motivation to actively par ticipate is often very low. It may well be that
    the frustration that causes this is especially acute at Bucknell. . . In
    such situations those who are motivated to take action should do so, keeping
    the interests of the others in mind. In closing, I think it worthwhile to
    note that we should not think that the Editorial Board of the Bucknellian in
    any way believes in the supposedly egalitarian system it set down to replace
    the ABS. In reality the Board (and I should note here that all my references
    to the Board refer only to those members who voted in favor of the Feb. 26
    editorials) believes that Bucknell is totally apathetic and hence, worth
    less. They dislike the ABS because it struggles to operate in what they
    consider to be a vacum. In reality they want and expect all attempts at
    government to fail. They are frustrated and, in many ways, un derstandably
    so. Unfortunately, there can be no ex cuse for the personal attacks made on
    the ABS candidates for Presi dent and Treasurer in the second editorial, no
    excuse for using the space that should have been de voted to objective
    analysis for character slurs. Worst of all, there can be no excuse for the
    gaps in credibility which may be reopened by these actions. Yet, what can
    one expect from a small group of people, " an unop posed oligarchy,"  which
    is totally convinced of its own righteousness and cares not for outside
    opinion? Indeed, what can one expect when certain " power-seeking
    individuals" are presumptuous enough to speak from the podium of Bucknell's
    mo nopoly press, caring not at all for facts, for logic, or for the damage '
    they might do, caring only for their own self-gratification? Respectfully,
    Louis Bucceri Retiring ABS Recording Secretary (Continued from Page 2) much
    of the gym. In the spring, Sam and Dave were supposed to come, but we got,
    at the last minute, Marvin Gaye and Wilson Pickett. The concert started late
    (an uncontrollable problem) and was very disorganized. It lost several
    thousand dollars. Andy is now responsible for a series that includes a low
    price season ticket (try to match it at a school with a gym our size), top
    name artists (try to match them at a school our size), and much new talent
    (Tony Kosinec, coming with Sea Train, has as much talent as anybody I've
    heard in a long time). Running these concerts takes a lot of Andy's time. By
    now he's pro bably bought his books for this se mester, but before Chicago
    he had n't the time to. It also takes the cooperation of an intelligent
    audience, perceptive of the problems in presenting concerts here.
    Fortunately, in the last three years, Bucknell has been one of the best
    audiences on this coast. There is no glamor involved in doing these
    concerts. Much work has to be done during the concert itself. Andy and
    others on the Com mittee often see very little or none of the performance.
    There is a lot of mental strain. After each con cert, I see that Andy has
    pulled out about half of His beard. If you have questions or doubts as to
    fact, ask Andy. He will tell you the truth because he knows it. If you have
    opinions, tell Andy. He'll listen. Of course opinions are still yours, and
    if you are a person who thinks, as Mr. Fletcher does, that concerts are like
    sporting events and you want to boo, and if the people around you don't mind
    the dis courtesy to their enjoyment of the concert, be not hindered by
    simple consideration. Rick Gordon '71

Heading: Motivation
Content: To the Editor: fective educational experience for himself then perhaps this
    shows the failings of the traditional system to prepare him for life. If he
    is unable to motivate himself for a task from within then he may find
    himself in trouble when he fails to find m a terial motivation for
    everything he must do to survive in the great big outside world. What is
    really unfair is for him to project his immaturity on the rest of the
    student body. My suggestion (though possibly burdensome in terms of
    efficiency) is to allow all students to make their choice as to what courses
    they will take pass-fail and which courses they feel need a graded label for
    future employment reference. This could be done some time prior to
    registration. Those students who would not feel motivated without a grade
    can thereby elect to have themselves judged in the traditional manner. At
    any rate, I feel that more can be gained by learning self-imposed motivation
    rather than learning a dependency on some outside moti vation. In the long
    run a more ma ture and capable student will de velop under the pass-fail
    system. Sincerely, John de Benedictis

Heading: Other Sides
Content: To the Editor: The other night at the meeting for the Harrisburg Six, Prof. Man
    ning Smith asked when the " other side" would be presented. I should like
    now to respond to his question. I don't think it is the responsibility of
    the Bucknell Students for Peace to arrange for a speaker or a panel of
    speakers to discuss the govern ment view of the alleged conspir acy.
    Therefore,

Heading: I
Content: suggest to Prof. Smith that he seize the initiative: Do set up a meeting at
    which the " other side"  can be heard. I should certainly make an effort to
    attend, because I would find the evening most interesting. Can any good
    sense be made of the indictments? I might even be persuaded to help with
    some of the arrangements. Sincerely, Mary Drinnon RD 1, Milton

Heading: Editorial Board
Content: The Editorial Board meets at 6:30 on Monday and 4:00 on Friday in Hunt Formal
    Living Room. All in terested members of the academic community are welcome.

Heading: Guest Column
Content: By TOM FICKLIN

Heading: BUCK'S SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: 24--hour Towing
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523*1132
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER in EUROPE lot $199.00
Content: 

Heading: June 2 to August 28--New York to Amsterdam SS
Content: (Round Trip) CALL SALLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: (Open only to B ucknell Students and Educational Staff- P rice Based on 60
    Seats) It was with great dismay and greater disillusionment in the in
    telligence of the Bucknell student body that I read Mr. William Mates'
    letter to the Editor in the March 2 issue of the BuckneUian. Although
    continued discussion of a pass-fail system might be better directed to the
    Committee on Academic Regula tions, I feel motivated to answer what I
    thought was a poorly organ ized, poorly thought out, grossly trite and
    generally asinine answer to your editorial of Feb. 23. It seems the greatest
    misunder standing encountered in this argu ment is related to a question of
    priorities: rather, it the primary purpose of a university to act as an
    educational institution or as a pre paration for future material ven tures?
    Naturally it is meant to serve both of these purposes--but which one should
    be given priority? Possibly I am being cliche or idealistic in thinking that
    the stu dent is attending a university to learn just for the sake of
    learning. What Mr. Mates is suggesting is that, with the advent of
    technology, students no longer attend a uni versity for the pleasure of
    learning, but rather for a hollow background that gives them a license for
    life. Why should the rest of the student body be hampered by students such
    as Mates who feel the need for im posed motivation to " force"  them through
    college? If Mates doesn't feel that he has enough maturity and
    responsibility to shape an ef-

Heading: TEACHERS
Content: 

Heading: NEEDED
Content: 

Heading: Opportunities for begin
Content: 

Heading: ning and experienced can
Content: 

Heading: didates,
Content: 

Heading: private schools,
Content: 

Heading: coast to coast. Also public
Content: 

Heading: schools
Content: 

Heading: in the northeast.
Content: 

Heading: Especially sciences, math,
Content: 

Heading: languages.--
Content: 

Heading: Write today for particular*
Content: 

Heading: SCHOOL SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: B|UREAU
Content: 

Heading: Post Office Box 278K
Content: 

Heading: Windsor Connecticut, 06095
Content: 

Heading: TEL: 203 - 688 - 6409
Content: (Continued from Page 2) ghetto from a colony into an economically self-
    sufficient, culturally proud community. Obviously, white students will not
    benefit significantly from a program restricted to this aim. The question is
    not whether a white student wiD be banned but whether it is worth his time
    to participate since he will not live or work within the black community.
    However, at an integrated col lege or university, an Afro-American Studies
    program, though focused on this aim, should not be restricted to it. Indeed
    one objective of a Black Studies Program should be to provide all white
    students with valid and valuable information concerning the Afro-American
    experience to act as a de-myabologizing experience and as a basis for the
    understandings they will need to live responsibly in a multi-racial society.
    Understandings of, for example, the term liberation. People frequently fear
    the te m  because they conceptualize it in relation to armed revolution. It
    is understandable that many Americans have sought to liberate themselves^
    from what toey regarded as oppression, they have picked up guns against the
    Bntish, against the Union, or against any group which opposed them. But for
    Black people, psychological liberation is as important as economic and
    political liberation. As curricula of public schools are refonned to induce
    more Afro-American materials, and as the pride in identity is developed in
    the elementary school, or even in pre-school experience, this particular
    goal will become less important in college programs. Curriculum is a
    troublesome issue. For example, curriculum at a pre dominately black
    institution in rural Georgia would not be identical with a curriculum at a
    predominantly white institution in a northern city. For example, Bucknell's
    Black Studies Program, Afro-American Studies, or Black Community and
    Educational Research Center curriculum will be influenced by the black
    communities in the Lewisburg prison, Williamsport, and the migrant workers.
    In addition it possibly will be a cooperative campus, regional center Black
    Studies Program including Lycoming College, Bloomsburg State, and
    Susquehanna University. In conclusion, institutions of higher education must
    not limit their vision to temporary solutions which will appease the demand^
    of the moment. Instead, they must carefully plan ways to insure stebdity and
    continuity for such an intellectually significant program as the study of
    toe culture of a community numbering more than 25 million people, and the
    preparation of leaders for that community. Perhaps higher education will
    even discover a beneficial by-product if professors in other disciplines,
    emulating the methods and objectives of teachers of Black Studies, decide to
    restrain their ego-centric enthusiasm for their own specialty aid to
    concentrate instead upon developing academic programs which will educate
    students to meet the needs of their society.

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: Watch Repairing & Engraving
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: STRHDD
Content: 

Heading: 3  Never Sang.
Content: 

Heading: 3or
Content: 

Heading: SUNBURY, PA.
Content: 

Heading: 3 atnet
Content: 

Heading: DONT MISS IT
Content: 

Heading: -- Judith Crist
Content: MARCH 5, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: IWHIJIHIIWII-- IHilM TWWII

Heading: -V
Content: # ? ' ##M NiM M M M M M M M

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: Graduate Awards
Content: 

Heading: Foul-Shooting
Content: RAM will sponsor a foul-shooting contest Saturday afternoon, In Davis Gym, from
    1:00 to 3:00. Each participant will be given 20 free- throw attempts and the
    three best shooters will receive cash prizes. The contest is open to the Uni
    versity public.

Heading: Fireside
Content: 

Heading: L'Agenda
Content: Anyone interested in being on the staff of the 1972 " L'Agenda"  should contact
    Jill Mitwell or write to Box W-262.

Heading: Concert Committee
Content: The Concert Committee will have an open forum on Monday, at 8:00 p.m. in 101-A
    Coleman to hear new ideas on concerts.

Heading: Free University
Content: The Free University discussion goup will meet tonight after Hilltop in
    University Lounge. The topic will be " American Liberals:

Heading: A
Content: Radical View."

Heading: Sailing Club
Content: The Sailing Club will have an open meeting on Tuesday,in 101-B Coleman at 7:30
    p.m. At 8 p.m. Tues., Dean Jack Piper will host a firesides called " Off-
    Campus Study: Education with Credit"  in his home. Those interest ed in
    attending the fireside should contact the C.A. Office at 1217, Don Thompson
    at 1646 or Kay Smith at 1751.

Heading: Education Series
Content: The C.A. series on education con tinues on Monday, with a discussion by the
    economics department called " Crisis in Education"  at 7:30 in New Dorm Pit.
    On Tuesday, Provost Wendell will speak at " Contact"  at 12:30 p.m. in the
    Pit.

Heading: Teachers
Content: The National Teacher Examina tions will be given here on April 3. Registration
    must be forwarded to Princeton no later than March 11. Students desiring
    more information should contact Dr. Walter Sauvain in the education
    department or write the National Teacher Exam inations, Educational Testing
    Ser vice, Box 911, Princeton, N.J.

Heading: Open Theatre
Content: Monday, March 15, at 8:30 p.m. in Coleman HaU Theatre the Open Theatre
    (originators of " American Hurrah"  and " The Serpent" ) will perform their
    latest work: "Ter minal."  Tickets will be on sale at the bookstore Friday,
    March 5.

Heading: Premed Students
Content: There will be an important meet ing of all freshmen, sophomore and junior
    premedical and predental stu dents in Olin Science 210 at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday.
    A speaker will be present.

Heading: Court Verdict
Content: (Continued from Page 1) rooms without knocking, according to a " no knock"
    clause.) The procedure to be followed by both University and outside law en
    forcement officers includes first at tempting to rouse the occupant with a
    heavy knock repeated at least twice. The authorities are then re quired to
    identify themselves and announce their reason for searching the room. If the
    authorities receive no answer after several knockings, they may proceed to
    search the room. Dean Dunlop notes, however, that whenever possible, dorm
    rooms will be entered only when occupants are present. A search warrant,
    stipulating pur pose and time of the investigation, is necessary for
    entering a room. Dunlop estimates that preparation of this document and
    organization of a search might take a half-hour. In a University room
    search, the investigators probably would include Dean Dunlop and the still
    to be- elected faculty chairman of a com mittee on student conduct. This
    committee will begin to function shortly as a judicial body. Committee
    members include Miss Judy Judy, director of University residence halls;
    Richard Skelton, associate director of admissions; four undergraduate
    students: Cyn thia Forrest, Tom Strekal, Guy Wylie, and Ed Linderman; and
    graduate student Marva Riley. ABS regulations declare that a student staff
    member is not author ized to search a room, but may be requested to assist
    the designated staff member in conducting the search. Dean Dunlop praises
    the McClos- key decision as a ruling which clari fies a subject which
    previously was vague and a source of much dis sension among students and
    author ities.

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: Meditation Chapel Vaughan Lit. Aud. Davis Gym

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D
Content: 

Heading: H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: Legal Abortions Without Delay Friday, February 5 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services 8:00
    p.m. Hilltop: " The Soft Skin" 8:30 p.m. A.B.S. Concert: Sea Train Saturday,
    March 6 1:00 p.m. Free-Throw Shooting Contest sponsored by R.A.M. Davis Gym
    Sunday, March 7 10:30 a.m. Chapel: Monsignor John G. Clancy Rooke Chapel
    2:00 p.m. Indigo sponsored Selinsgrove Party Depart New Dorm Pit Parking Lot
    4:00 p.m. Catholic Mass Rooke Chapel 7:30 p.m. Senior Recital: Jonathan
    Tripp, French Horn Vaughan Lit. Aud. Monday, March 8 7:00 p.m. Family Swim
    Night Freas-Rooke Pool 7:30 p.m. Russian Series Film: " The End of St.
    Petersburg" Visual Aids Aud. 7:30 p.m. C. A. Discussion on Education: Prof
    John Anderson and others of the Dept, of Economics New Dorm Pit 8:00 p.m.

Heading: A.A.U.W.
Content: University Lounge 8:00 p.m. English Dept. Film: " Last Year at Marienbad"
    Vaughan Lit. Aud. 8:00 p.m. S.I.S. Film-Lecture on the work of the Shamokin
    Creek Olin Science Aud. (Continued from Page 1) and was elected to Phi Eta
    Sigma, national scholastic fraternity for freshman men. Last September he
    received the George R. Faint Prize " for excellent scholarship during the
    first three years." In announcing the awards, Dr. H. Ronald Rouse, National
    Director of the Foundation, said " We are en couraged each year to find so
    many young men and women who com bine intellectual curiosity and bril liance
    with a deep concern for so ciety's needs. Tody there is too much pessimism
    about the future of higher education, and a tempor ary oversupply of Ph.D.'s
    has been magnified out of all proportion. It is important that fine students
    be encouraged to consider careers of college teaching, where their talents
    add quality and relevance to high er education." The two-hundred and fifty
    Wilson Fellowships offered annually in the United States are tenable for one
    year and are usually renewable. Application is open to any student pursuing
    graduate study in the hu manities, social, or natural sciences and
    considering college teaching as a career. The fellowship is valued at two
    thousand dollars per annum for liv ing expenses and up to one thousand
    dollars for tuition. Application for the Woodrow Wil son Fellowship is a
    long and dif ficult process. Applicants must be nominated by a faculty
    member. This is followed by the filing of an application requiring a
    statement of intellectual interest. Preliminary screening is com pleted on
    the basis of the applica tion and semi-finalists are required to attend
    regional interviews before a panel of three. All semi-finalists receive
    letters of recommendation for financial aid to be sent to the three graduate
    schools of their choice. As a result of interviews, final ists' applications
    are sent to a cen tral committee for national screen ing. Awards are
    distributed on the basis of this final screening. m u s Spring and Sussman
    bring to 13 the number of University stu dents who have been named Wood- row
    Wilson Fellows or Designates in the past nine years. Eighteen others have
    received honorable mention in the competition.

Heading: Chorale Tour
Content: (Continued from Page 1) had ever heard of his " Celebra tions." Following a
    night spent in the homes of members of the com munity, many of whom were fac
    ulty members of the nearby Uni versity of Pennsylvania, 130 singers and
    instrumentalists travelled to Atlantic City, New Jersey for an other concert
    at the Chalfonte-Had- don Hotel. The audience was made up of members of the
    eastern division of the National Music Educators Con ference, including
    Latham, com poser of the " Te Deum,"  who in troduced his own work. The two
    pieces were received by the large crowd with a standing ovation. A record is
    being made of their performance and may be ordered by contacting the music
    department before March 15. The exhausted group returned to campus Sunday
    afternoon in time for a 6:30 rehearsal in preparation for the concert to be
    given the fol lowing night with the Pennsylvania Ballet. The Chorale
    combined with the ballet company and its orches tra, conducted by Maurice
    Kaplow, to present Orff's modern work, " Carmina Burana"  at Davis Gym. Mr.
    Orff was not in attendance.

Heading: Counselors Debate
Content: Watershed Tuesday, March 9 12:30 p.m. Contact Lecture-Discussion: Dr. Wendell I.
    Smith, " Focus on Education,"  Part 2 New Dorm Pit 4:45 p.m. Catholic Mass
    Rooke Chapel ra jM ia a ia ra izm g ia iiJg ra ia a ra  i (Continued from
    Page 1) out his attitude and approach to ward the job over the summer.
    People really interested in the job wouldn't let themselves fall into an
    indifferent attitude." " Speaking for the guys, there is at least as much
    enthusiasm among seniors as juniors, if not better, for seniors have one
    more year ex perience, and one more year set tling down." Anne Wright,
    Residence Director of Roberts, is a graduate of Hiram College where the
    custom is to hire both junior and senior women to counsel freshmen. She
    specified that under that sys tem freshmen and upperclass were mixed in the
    dorms, although some halls contained a majority of fresh men. One counselor
    was assigned for all the freshmen on a floor. Reflecting on this, Anne con
    tinued, " It depends on the indivi dual: if you get good people it works
    just fine. It doesn't have any thing to do with class at all." A further
    advantage she stated is having one or two repeating J.C.'s in the dorm with
    experience. Anne also clarified that Miss Gor don, Director of Freshman Resi
    dence Programs, had asked the Residence Directors to consult the J.C.'s in
    this change: " Overall, the majority of female J.C.'s were for allowing
    senior women to be fresh man counselors."  She re-stated, " It has worked
    well for the men, and we're more interested in getting the person."

Heading: Black Music
Content: 

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY
Content: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m. | Fri.-Sat. - - - 9-.00 - 1:00 p.m. j Sunday - -
    - - 7:00 - 11:30 p.m.

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 524-2494

Heading: O P E N
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: Tue, - Thur. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m. Fri. - Sat. - 11 am. - 1:30 am. Sun. - Mon. -
    5:00 - 12:00 p.m. 501 MARKET STREET

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: COLE'S
Content: 

Heading: HARDWARE
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. 17837
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1284
Content: 

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: PHONE 524-0744

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO  FRATS
Content: t h e b u c k n e l l ia n

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: MARCH 5, 1971 la ia ra ia ia jEia ia ig ia izig iEia ra iH ra

Heading: I
Content: w v v v w w v v v w w w v v v j <<

Heading: SIS STUDENT OPERATED
Content: 

Heading: CLINIC
Content: 

Heading: LOW  COST PREGNANCY TESTS
Content: 

Heading: Information on:--
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: BIRTH CONTROL
Content: 

Heading: ADOPTION
Content: 

Heading: 8:00
Content: 

Heading: p.m.
Content: 

Heading: to 9:00
Content: 

Heading: p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Tuesdays & Thursdays
Content: 

Heading: 129 Market Street - - - 524-9784
Content: NOTE:-- All other agencies which have advertised charge fees and refer to more
    expensive clinics. (Continued from Page 1) istics of West African tribal
    music, which included " functionalism," " rythmic complexity,"  the " call
    and response"  pattern, extensive use of percussion, improvisation, and the
    use of a " gapped scale"  (very few notes used in a given melody). With the
    addition of simple in struments (banjo, harmonica) to the field holler and
    work song, a " primitive blues"  was produced. T.ikp all blues, this early
    form was " a personal criticism, complaint, dissatisfaction with the world"
    which " offered no hope for the fu ture." The " highly syncopated" scales of
    primitive blues melodies were much like the African gapped scale. The next
    step in the development of Afro-American music was the addition of more
    sophisticated in struments to produce the " Memphis Blues"  and the " St.
    Louis Blues" as heard on the " race records"  of the 1920's and 1930's. This
    music " reflected the disillusionment of thousands of blacks who moved north
    after World War I" and

Heading: CLASS OF *71 PRESENTS
Content: 

Heading: COMING APART
Content: 

Heading: Rip Torn, Sally Kirkland
Content: 

Heading: Music by Jefferson Airplane
Content: 

Heading: VAUGHAN LIT. -- 8:00 p.m. -- 75c
Content: 

Heading: MM
Content: " proved blues were a powerful ve hicle for voicing social discontent." " Rhythm
    and Blues"  then ap peared, which when added to Coun try and Western
    produced the rock 'n' roll of Elvis Presley, and when blended with the "
    Gospel Sound" resulted in contemporary Soul music. Even today, one is able
    to see the " particular, strident tone from Africa"  in Soul. Another
    category of African in fluence on American music is that of religious music.
    The " Spirituals which resulted from the conversion of Africans to
    Christianity" re flected their " pain and disillusion ment"  but were "
    usually optimistic for the future."  The Spirituals in cluded " percussion,
    hand clapping, and call and response,"  all of which show African influence.
    American jazz is one of the most famous forms of African inspired music,
    made great by such per formers as Louie Armstrong, Diz- zie Gillespie and
    others. Although " the American Black has lost po- session of jazz,"  the
    whole world has picked it up.

Heading: Japanese Program Excels
Content: 

Heading: East Asian Studies Provide Unusual Opportunities
Content: By DAN MARTIN " We are made more aware of ourselves after we have been ex posed
    to a culture distinct from our own,"  is a statement which helps clarify Dr.
    David Lu's view of the validity of the East Asian studies program at this
    University. Dr. Lu is director of the Univers ity's center for Japanese
    studies. The Japanese program began here in 1965, with a grant from the U.S.
    Office of Education. This allotment, the first bestowed upon undergrad uate
    institutions, included gifts to thirty-three educational centers for use in
    developing specialized stud ies. Seven of the institutions es tablished East
    Asian programs, while three chose to pursue Japan ese language and culture
    as their main area of study. Even before this generous grant, the University
    maintained a long tradition of non-Westem history pro grams, including
    courses in the history of China, India, and Japan at the time of World War
    Two, and the full time employment of a pro fessor of Asian history in the
    fifties. At the time of the federal grant, a decision had to be made as to
    the area of concentration of the Uni versity's program-Chinese or Japan ese.
    The latter was finally decided upon, and Japan was made the doorway to the
    understanding of East Asia. Several considerations affected the choice,
    among them being the important fact that Japan was at that time, and still
    remains an open society, while China existed behind impregnable barriers.
    Furthermore, Japan retained much of China in her cultural heri tage, and
    Japanese reports of the events within Communist China were among the most
    complete and accurate available. On a more practical level, know ledge of
    Japanese language and cul ture is of immense importance in modern times.
    Presently the third largest industrial power in the world, Japan offers
    great oppor tunities for knowledgable foreign ers. Tremendously advanced in

Heading: 4The Trojan Women*:
Content: 

Heading: A Plau About Wars
Content: By MARC POWERS Next weekend, Cap & Dagger will present Euripides' The Trojan Wo
    men, a Greek tragedy condemming the brutality and futility of war, in which
    there is no actual victor. The setting of the play is the des ecrated,
    destroyed city of Troy, the day after the ten year Trojan War was culminated
    by the strate- gem of the wooden horse. The basic story is that of the
    Trojan women during their last day; the revelation of their future as slaves
    and/or whores of the Greeks, and of their dedication to fallen Troy, their
    memory. The physical play ends with the city burning and

Heading: Horowitz to Present
Content: 

Heading: Third World' Paper
Content: By LINDA DIETRICK Dr. Irving Louis Horowitz, pro fessor of sociology at Rutgers
    Uni versity and well-known authority on the " Third World,"  will speak here
    during the Third World Week end, April 1-4. He will present a paper entitled
    " A Reappraisal of the Condition of the Third World in the 1970's." Dr.
    Horowitz is Director of Stud ies in Comparative International De velopment
    at Livingston College. Be fore coming to Rutgers, he was Pro fessor of
    Sociology at Washington University at St. Louis for seven years. In the
    past, he has taught extensively in Latin America as well as Europe, and has
    held visiting appointments at the Universities of Wisconsin, California, and
    the State University of New York. Dr. Horowitz is also editor-in- chief of
    TRANS-action, the largest social science magazine in the United States.
    Among his books on the subject of the Third World are Latin American
    Radicalism (1969); Masses in Latin America (1970); The Rise and Fall of
    Project Camelot (1967); and Three Worlds of De velopment: The Theory and
    Prac tice of International Stratification. the " victorious"  Greeks
    dragging oft their booty. But, the end is only the beginning, for the
    victorious Greeks become the vanquished vic tims. The play has not yet
    ended, and it will not end until mortal man realizes the futility of war.
    Euripi- dies' tragedy is far from being " dead" --unfortunately for man it
    is still very much alive. In this production, under the di rection of Dr.
    Harvey Powers, the Jean-Paul Sartre adaptation will be performed. Sartre's
    version, more contemporary in style and more forceful in attack, is most
    conducive to the style of the production itself. In his presentation, Dr.
    Powers is attempting to merge literal imagery with physical representation.
    Pro phecy of the future and its dream like actuality take form simultane
    ously; verbal desecration becomes physical; the past, present, and fu ture
    all become a singular element. With thanks to ABS and its stu dent subsidy
    program, tickets for The Trojan Women can be obtained at the Bookstore or at
    the box of fice at a one dollar discount upon presentation of university
    student ID cards. Production dates are: Thursday, March 11, 8:30 p.m.; Fri
    day, March 12, 8:30 p.m.; and Sat urday, March 13, at 2:00 p.m. and 8:30
    p.m. scientific studies, she has produced three Nobel prize winners in that
    area, in addition to a 1968 winner for literature. Available in Japanese are
    rich historical documents, including manorial manuscripts superior to those
    of Europe. The first non-West em nation to become an industrial power, Japan
    offers not only eco nomic and scholarly opportunities, but a chance to
    better understand our modem culture through the eyes of a technically equal
    but culturally opposite nation. Every other year, the Japanese department
    offers a summer trip to Japan, which involves extensive study along with
    pleasurable re laxation. The 1970 tour, led by Dr. Lu, con centrated its
    attention on art his tory, which included a trip to Kyoto and Nara-a replica
    of the ancient capital of Changan, and contempor ary government and
    politics, which comprised interviews with major party spokesmen, a luncheon
    with the Speaker of the House, Mr. Naka Funada, and tea with Prime Minis ter
    Eisaku Sato. Other interesting experiences of the group included a tour of
    Tokyo's subways and slums by a metropoli tan government official, a study of
    farm administration on the island of Shikoku, and a visit to Japan's Expo
    '70. The University sponsors several other programs in connection with East
    Asian studies. Informal rela tions are maintained with several Japanese
    universities in order to promote a Junior year abroad in Japan. Several
    faculty members have in cluded East Asian topics in their disciplines,
    including courses in art, religion, geography, and music, while Dr. Douglas
    Candland of psy chology, maintains one of the larg est Japanese Snow Monkey
    colonies outside of Japan. At present, a non-credit course in Chinese
    language is being offered. In addition, the University operates a Japanese
    language program at Lewisburg Junior and Senior High Schools, under the
    direction of Miss Aiko Kawano research assistant in Japanese. The program
    seems quite successful, with seventeen outstand ing students enrolled in the
    courses. Seventy-five schools now offer Japanese studies in the United
    States. In the Fall of 1968, 3757 stu dents were enrolled in a Japanese
    language course, with this Uni versity claiming thirty-one of the total.
    Twenty-seventh in line, the University's total exceeded that of larger
    institutions such as Univers ity of Chicago, Cornell, Yale, and Princeton.
    Dr. Lu feels that the East Asian studies program at this University is
    unusual, since a comparitively small institution can compete na tionally in
    the field. He feels further that faculty and student interest have helped
    maintain the excellent quality of the program. Students who participated in
    the 1970 Japanese summer trip, talk with Prime Minister Eisaku Sato. They
    are, from left: Dick Mackie, Helen Koons, Sato and Dr. Lu.

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: W A R D R O B E
Content: 

Heading: 234 Market Street.
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: jivial
Content: There are 4,689 rolls of microfilm in the microfilm room of Bertrand Library. In
    1911, examinations in rhetoric and freehand drawing were among the
    requirements for entrance into Bncknell CoUege. A trivial thing to do: Find
    a second elevator shaft in Bertrand Library. Have any trivialities for m e?
    H so, please send them to " 'TRIVIAL" Box B-516.

Heading: Leifs Get It Straight
Content: 

Heading: PROVE IT
Content: " This isn't a 'crackpot' letter."  wrote a college student. " I feel quite
    willing to believe, if first I am shown why I should believe." Another
    student said, " I went for a walk in the woods and sat down in front o f a
    little pine tree. 'God, if you'll strike this tree dead, Til believe in
    you,' I said.. I waited and waited, but nothing happened; so I went home." *
    N ow  suppose you were God. H ow  would you react to such challenges? I
    submit you'd say, " I have already given adequate proofs o f my existence
    for those who really want to see."  That's the test-- how much it matters to
    you. " You shall seek me, and find me, when you shall search for me with all
    your heart," says God (Jeremiah 29 :1 3 ). That means caring enough to dig
    for the facts, and being willing to commit yourself to the truth when you do
    find it. In fact, Jesus Christ, God's Son, guarantees results: " I f any man
    will do God's will, he shall know o f the doctrine,"  He says, other words,
    if you will In obey God, you will know that Christ's teaching comes from
    Him. W e 'd all like to know the truth if it didn't cost us any thing. The
    question is, are you willing to follow  where truth leads? A s Jesus said, "
    The kingdom o f heaven is like a merchant in search o f fine pearls, w ho,
    on finding one pearl o f great value, went and sold all that he had and
    bought it."  D o you card that much? If not, what makes you think that God
    is going to hand you an answer on a silver platter? Prove your sincerity by
    finding out for yourself exactly what the Bible teaches. Ask God Himself to
    help you under stand it as you read it. Use a modern English version if the
    traditional Shakespearean Eng lish throws you. Go to a Bible- believing
    church. Promise to follow  where God leads. Then you'll know. For free
    booklet, "T he

Heading: R
Content: eason

Heading: W
Content: hy ," write to B O X  327. RIDGEFIELD. N. J. 07657. Dept. BU You've reached the
    point of decision and maybe things look a linle confusing. Have you ever
    stopped to consider a career in government? We build Federal buildings,
    maintain the National Archives...provide the Government's transportation and
    communications network ...supply its needs...and dispose of what it doesn't
    need. We are the business arm of the Federal Government. W e're
    progressive...were diversified and we care. We're doing our part to combat
    air pollution...to help minority businessmen., to rebuild cities. W e're on
    the move! Stop the confusion and go talk to the GSA recruiter. Ask about the
    opportunities at the General Services Administration. Campus Interviews

Heading: March 12,1971
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: See your placement office. Equal Opportunity Employer MARCH 5, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: I t . V m

Heading: The Real Red Baron
Content: 

Heading: von Richthofen
Content: By ANTHONY GOSSE We all know something about the famous aces of WW I :
    Rickenbacker, Bishop, Guynemer, Boelcke, and, of course, that ace of aces,
    the Red Baron himself, Manfred von Richthofen. But it is generally the
    legend about these men that is familiar, not the reality. Truth, however, is
    not only stranger than fiction, it's a lot more interesting. The latest book
    on the subject is Dale Titter's "The Day the Red Baron Died.'' " The Day the
    --" is a fashionable and familiar gimmick and Titter's main con cern is to
    prove that an Australian anti aircraft machine-gun battery got Richtho fen
    from the ground rather than the official victor, and undistinguished

Heading: RAF
Content: pilot named Brown. The significance of the book, however, lies not in this sort
    of detail but in the picture of the last days of the man himself, even then
    a legend to the German and British (the sensible French hated him and
    despoiled his grave). Actually, it doesn't really matter who got the Red
    Baron. If it had not been that day, it would have been the next or a few
    days thereafter, for something within Richt hofen had quietly broken and
    neither he nor anyone else knew it. The pressure on him was unbearable: two
    years of combat (six weeks was the average life span of a pilot); the
    relentless discipline he main tained over himself and his men; his care ful
    training of them--a detailed critique of the Jasta's performance man by man
    after each patorl. One of them meeting him short ly before his death at 25
    remarked on how old he looked. A few days earlier he had lost for the first
    time his famous cool. Aloof and meticulous in his military cour tesy, always
    the proper Prussian officer, he raged into the mess at breakfast and
    publically dismissed three pilots from the Jasta after a tremendous
    berating. Lately he had taken to lying on his cot, alone in his quarters,
    staring at the ceiling. 'Die General Staff suggested a transfer to train ing
    command, but he refused it. He had been due to leave but had proposed it in
    order to continue his string of kills, eleven in March when flying weather
    began in 1918, and six so far in April. His plans for leave did not include
    his usual visit to his family or a fling in Berlin but a hunting trip to the
    Black Forest. Military psychology was in its infancy in those days, but
    there was certainly _ a respect for the unique pressures of aerial combat,
    and pilots were encouraged to go on leave when the strain began to tell. The
    fatal signs were recklessness and over- eagerness. Richthofen had little
    patience with that sort of flying. He was above all cautious and methodical,
    eschewing stunt ing for a careful stalk and a quick kill. Ironically, he was
    not an outstanding pilot. He nearly flunked out of flight school, but he was
    a superb shot. A realist, he con stantly drilled his men in the famous
    Boelcke rules. Rule number one deflates the idea of gallantry, derring-do,
    knight hood of the air, etc.--to whit: shoot at the pilot not the machine.
    On the last day of his life, Richthofen broke most of his own rules. Whether
    Brown got him with a lucky shot at long range or the Australian gunners at
    prac tically no range is unimportant. He should never have been there doing
    what he was doing: chasing another plane for too many minutes at ground
    level over enemy anti aircraft. All in all, the picture of von Rich thofen
    is rather sad. The legendary hero was in fact a strangely limited person,
    merely a hunter, though of course amaz ingly gifted at his trade. He worked
    at it just a bit too long, things began to give,

Heading: TOM'/ (bOSSfc.
Content: 

Heading: ;VJR1TPSS ON
Content: 

Heading: T*\t
Content: and the law of averages reached out its bony finger. The aftermath is a further
    deflating of the legend. While his body was stiffening in rigor mortis the
    souvenir hunters picked him clean. The Australian chaplain went around
    afterwards trying to recover his handkerchief, wallet, family letters and
    photographs, ring, watch, even his flying boots. The body was carried on a
    sheet of metal roofing to a nearby hanger and the curious came to stare and
    scrounge what was left. Already the R AF and Aus tralian hierarchy were
    manuvering for credit for the kill. The official autopsy was perfunctory and
    found for the RAF. Then the Public Relations Officers got on the job. An
    elaborate funeral was arranged, carefully photographed and written up.
    Distribution of information was first rate. Even the Germans got story,
    photos, and a large wreath. In the classic ending of his fight with the Red
    Baron, Snoopy shouts " Curse you, Red Baron!" just as a tatoo of bullets
    punctures his Sopwith Camel. The scene embodies that best of all ironies,
    the truth, for there really was a curse on the Red Baron, but Snoopy was
    lucky; the Real Red Baron would have shot at the dog instead of the
    doghouse.

Heading: The Importance of
Content: 

Heading: Foreign Languages
Content: By MILLS F. EDGERTON, JR. I wouldn't be a student and teacher of foreign
    languages if Iweren't convinced that what I do has enough intrinsic value to
    justify my spending my whole life at it. In the following paragraphs I have
    tried to outline some of what the study of a foreign language has to offer
    to today's student in his quest for a shape to his life and a semblance of
    rhyme and reason in the world. A great many people in this country today
    have come to consider the study of foreign language at worst a useless frill
    and at best an innocent pastime--except, of course, for the relatively few
    clearcut instances in which knowledge of one or more foreign languages has
    some direct, practical justification, as in the case of those relatively few
    people who work in academic disciplines, types of business or governmental
    activities in which such knowledge is a practical necessity. It is true, of
    course, that for some people the study of a foreign language is interesting
    and fun; for them such study needs no further justification. Personally,
    however, I would question whether it is reasonable and responsible to spend
    any very appre ciable proportion of an undergraduate curriculum working at
    something which is fun and games and nothing more. The most important single
    fact, I think, about any given language is that it is unique code--a system
    of symbols--in which people transmit and receive messages about them selves
    and about the world in terms of a conceptual system which may be partly
    natural but is certainly for the most part artificial--a cultural artifact,
    a product of history. Each such code has implicit in it a world-view.
    Another way of saying the same thing is to point out that a language, as a
    system of symbols standing for a system of concepts, is the expression of
    the collective personality of all of the people who are its native speakers.
    In order for us to be able to say that any group of people speak the same
    language, we must also be able to say that they are all members of the same
    culture. But these are facts that it is difficult, perhaps impossible to
    understand fully as long as a man remains imprisioned in his own language
    and his own culture. We live in a pragmatic age and we live in a country in
    which pragmatism has always loomed large. Americans are well aware that most
    of them do not really need to know any foreign language in order to lead
    full and rich lives. But what they do not understand is that their lives
    could be much fuller and much richer if they possessed the added dimension
    of experience that can be had from an intimate penetration of another way of
    looking at the world. The best way to obtain such insight--short of actually
    spending an extended period of time as a member of another culture--is
    through the vicarious experience to be de rived from the intimate study of
    another language and the system of concepts and values it symbolizes. Such
    study must necessarily include more than traditional grammar and litera
    ture. It must include serious treatment of the social, economic, religious
    and other aspects of the way of life and world-view of the speakers of that
    language. There are a great many people in the world--there are a great many
    people in the English-speaking world in particular---who see nothing but an
    obstacle to communication in tiie existence of a variety of languages in the
    world. They maintain that we should all be better off if there were only one
    language spoken over the whole surface of the planet. They maintain that at
    the very least everyone in the world should have a common language even if
    local languages survive for local purposes. Ultimately, however, a single
    language for the entire human race, submerging all others, would be a
    terrible impoverishment of the rich variety of ways we now have of looking
    at life and the world. There are those who argue that this would be a small
    price to pay for peace in the world, for, they say, it is precisely

Heading: N M V U Q U
Content: 

Heading: Caperanto
Content: 

Heading: 3 rancai a
Content: 

Heading: D e u ts c h
Content: 

Heading: YIDDISH
Content: the fact that different peoples see the world differently and attach different
    values to dif ferent aspects of life that leads to strife, and war. I
    suggest that these people fail to take into account the possibility, even
    the probability that this same logic would eventually be applied on the
    level of the individual. It it is true that we can eliminate causes of
    strife and hatred among nations by eliminating whatever makes them different
    from one another, then the same would hold for individual human beings: the
    more like one another we are and the less separate and distinct each
    individual personality is, the less likely it is that conflict will arise
    among us. The result, of course, in the long rim would be a gray uniformity
    in thought and deed of which I, personally, would want no part.

Heading: Kilgore Trout, The Man
Content: Kilgore Trout has long been refused that recognition which he rightfully de
    serves. His contributions to literature have only recently emerged from that
    under ground limbo and come to public attention. In this regard, the one
    notable exception has been the Nobel nominating committee which has cited
    his singular achievements as far back as 1967. (Maniacs in the Fourth
    Dimension was recently up for the National Book Award). However, for the
    All-too- many the name Kilgore Trout still evokes images of the genus Salmo,
    that species of freshwater game fish. To my knowledge, only one article has
    appeared concerning him in the mass media ( " Fishing for Trout," Saturday
    Review 4/27/67); therefore, relatively little is known of his enigmatic
    character. Here, the elementary nature of this exposition must be stressed.
    For only through the study of his major themes can an idea of the man behind
    them emerge. These themes are presented below; their analysis for the most
    part, is left to the reader. A pregnant area for the induction of clues
    might lie in the works of Jorge Luis Borges, for few are aware of the
    influence this American has had upon his work. In Other Inquisitions
    (Washington Square Press, 1962) Borges wrote, " If one ventured into the
    labyrinths of my mind and stumbled upon its innermost chamber, there he
    would find a plaque inscribed with a single word: Trout." By now most of us
    are familiar with the games Borges plays with time and space. Well, as
    Borges plays with the rid dles of the universe, Trout tools with those of
    man. Often his work is oozing with religious overtones; let us consider, for
    ex ample, The Gospel From Outer Space. In it Trout tells us of a visitor
    from another world who comes to Earth with the in tention of comprehending
    why Christians find it so easy to kill one another. He con cluded that part
    of the reason was slip shod story telling in the New Testament. He also
    found that instead of fulfilling their intentions of teaching universal
    love, the Gospels actually taught this: Before you kill someone, make
    certain that he has no connections. And so the flaw in the Christ stories
    presented itself. Christ, who looked like a nobody, was actually the son of
    an omnipotent being. Since the readers under stood this, when they came to
    the cruxific- tion they naturally thought: Oh boy, they sure picked the
    wrong guy that time! There fore, implicit in the stories is the idea that
    their are right people to murder-those with out connections. Understanding
    that, the visitor rewrote the Gospels. This time Jesus really was a nobody,
    but he still said what was said that he said in the originals. One day the
    people became bored and decided to crucify Christ for kicks. (They couldn't
    imagine any repercussions since he didn't look like much). And then it
    happened. Just as the nobody was about to die, the

Heading: Vox
Content: Dei came thundering down and announced that he

Heading: Orion
Content: 

Heading: OEije JJucfenelltan
Content: You cannot touch me I exist in a realm other than your shallow reality I float -
    tossed about by the trees above your heads It cannot be that you join me
    Unless you can free your mind and liberate your body Your reactions do not
    trouble me for goddesses are not concemer with the simple creatures but
    interminable heights and planes of infinitude. was adopting the bum and that
    from then on he had the full powers and privileges of the most powerful
    being in the Universe. So it went. As you can see, there is little question
    as to why the New York Times found Visitor, " The finest example of the in
    finite regress this age has yet produced." Then there is an author whom
    Trout re sembles, one William Tallis whose work is typified in Apes and
    Essence. This sem blance can best be seen in Trout's Gutless Wonder: the
    story of a robot with bad breath. Human in action and appearance, this robot
    was programmed to drop napalm on people. No one found this particularly
    bothersome, but that breath! Not until his halitosis cleared up was he
    accepted into the Human Race. But let us not sweat over things, as
    Machiavelli once said, for there is also a lighter side to Trout which we
    should, at least, acknowledge. For example, consider The Money Tree. Twenty
    dollar bills instead of leaves were sprouted by its branches. And as could
    be expected, it attracted men who killed each other at its roots (and made
    very good fertilizer). It grew suprisingly well. Wow! There he is. Kilgore
    Trout, the Master in brief. Indisputably, he ranks as one of the genii of
    our age, and possibly of all time. Yet this article was spun from the barest
    threads. The one thing it should make clear is the utter lack of
    biographical information concerning its subject. K any individual has any of
    importance, kindly send it to this newspaper, in care of the Literary
    Editor.

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: MARCH 5, 1971

Heading: HI
Content: 

Heading: I s
Content: n

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: Towmey Bound!
Content: 

Heading: Bison Swimmers Sink Engineers;
Content: 

Heading: Seek to Regain Conference Title
Content: 

Heading: _
Content: . ii__ i his sauad toward the

Heading: MAC Prognosticator
Content: l i a i By BRUCE CAMPBELL On Saturday Bucknell's swimming team closed out their
    dual meet season with a fine 9-2 record by beating Lehigh 64-49. It was a
    see saw battle all the way until the final diving event, where Ron Farr and
    Bob Richards took first and third to clinch the meet. The Engineers took the
    400 Medley Relay and won the thousand yard Co-captain Mike Huffman listens
    carefully to Coach Russel. The talented senior can provide the tankers with
    some valuable team points this weekend. (photo by Bob Arnold) freestyle
    event in spite of fine per formances by Gary Norton and Mike Huffman, who
    both did their best times. But Peter O'Keeffe swam to the first of his two
    wins in the 200 freestyle, which combined with co-captain Jack Krohmer's
    second place finish but BU only one point behind. Then freshmen Steve
    Winings and Doug Storey put together a 1-2 finish in the 50 free to put the
    Bisons ahead, 20-14. Lehigh quickly came back with a sweep of the 200 yard
    individual medly. Divers Richards and Farr coun tered with a first and
    second, re spectively, again putting the Herd ahead, 29-23. Lehigh fought
    back with a sweep in the 200 yd. butter fly and a second win by Engineer * -
    i ace Phil Hogan in the hundred free style. But Bobby Young, still coming on
    strong after a crippling soccer in jury, and Paul Landes with a strong
    finish came through with a first and second in the 200 yard backstroke.
    O'Keeffe, Bucknell's only double winner of the day, won his second event
    with co-captain Huffman tak ing third in the 500 freestyle. Bob Rasmussen
    and Matt Slick came up with a second and a third respec tively to give the
    home team a 51- 46 lead going into the 3 meter div ing. Coach Ron Jenkins'
    divers came through and the 400 yard freestyle relay of Winings, Landes,
    O'Keeffe and Krohmer added the icing to the cake by winning that event in
    the time of 3:23.0. The Bison mermen looked at this victory as a sort of
    revenge for last year's loss at the MAC Champion ship. But the swimmers
    realize that the real test comes next weekend at this year's MAC tournament.
    Lehigh coach Roy Nichols said that Saturday's meet " doesn't mat ter."  He,
    like Bucknell Coach Dick Russell, is aiming toward the MAC Championship.
    Both coaches, when asked for comments concerning the MACs replied " We're
    ready." The Middle Atlantic Conference University Division swimming and
    diving championships are taking place this Saturday at Temple Uni versity.
    The three-day affaire concluding on Saturday evening will include 16
    swimming and two diving events. Lehigh, the defending champion, figures to
    be the pre-meet favorite with the Bisons, LaSalle and Temple also having a
    chance. The Engine ers scored 144 points to the Big Blue's 126% in 1970. It
    may seem unusual that Lehigh would be the favorite because the Engineers
    lost to both LaSalle and Bucknell in dual meets. However, the exceptional
    strength in the but terfly and individual medely events which Coach Roy
    Nichols has on the Lehigh squal is of great benefit in tiring three-day
    championship meets. Bison Coach Dick Russell has been gearing his squad
    toward the MAC'S all year. He said, "Last year we were overconfident, but
    now we're cast in the role of the underdog. It's a different feeling because
    it's the first time in five years that a Bucknell team has not been the
    favorite. Our men are physically ready and from now on it's all mental."
    Junior Peter O'Keeffe, leads this year's group of swimmers. O'Keef fe won
    the 100 and 200 -yard free- styles last year as a Bison sopho more. He could
    compete in those events, or in the 500 -yard freestyle, the two backstrokes,
    or the indivi dual medley events. Defending 200-yard backstroke champion Bob
    Young, is also re turning. Young is making a remark able comeback after a
    knee opera tion in January. The Bison sopho more swam in two meets this sea
    son, winning both of them. Junior Paul Landes, and sophomore Dute Otto,
    should also pick up points for the Herd in the backstroke. Bucknell freshman
    Steve Winings, is expected to provide stiff competi tion for Lehigh's Phil
    Hogan, the defending champ, in the 50-yard freestyle. Co-captain Hike
    Huffman, is counted upon as a point pro ducer in the 500 and 1,650-yard
    free- styles. Frosh Gary Norton, should do well at 1,650. Lehigh's frosh
    Charles O'Lough- lin is the favorite in the breaststroke events, but don't
    count out the Bi sons' Matt Slick, and Bob Rasmus sen, last year's runner-up
    at 200- yards. Bucknell could have its finest div ing combination in years
    with fresh man Bob Richards and Ron Farr. In last week's dual meet with
    Lehigh, both Richards and Farr beat out the Engineers' Tom Dillman, and
    Dillman was runner-up in both events last year at the MAC'S. Before the
    season started, Russell stated that the team's one objective was to win back
    the MAC title. The Orange and Blue mermen compiled a 9-2 dual meet record
    and now is drawing near on the coveted goal. Bucknell has won the MAC crown
    in 1960, 1963, 1964, 1965, 1967, 1968 and 1969. Editor's Note: Following are
    predictions for each event in the Middle Atlantic Conference Swimming
    Championships at Temple Univer" ty.."^ f weekend. Some men have been
    included in more than theaHowedttaee individual events because it is
    impossible to determine exac^ w^ 5 !. will be swimming. For this reason a
    team score has not been predicted. Some outstanding men have not been
    included, but many of the competi tors are nearly equal in ability,
    particularly in the freestyle events. Key To Schools: Bucknell (B>,
    American(A), DelawareiDet. ^ ^ e l (Dr) Gettysburg(G), Lafayette(La),
    LaSalle(LS), Lehigh(Le), Rider(R), St. Joseph's(SJ), Temple(T), West
    Chester(WC). 500 Freestyle -- 1. O'Keeffe(B) 2. Morley(SJ) 3. Walent(T) 4.
    MacGregor (Le) 5. DeYoung(De) 6. Sine(Le). 200 IM  - 1 .  Meyer(LS) 2.
    O'Keeffe(B) 3. King(T) 4. Landes(B) 5. CTLougb- lin(Le) 6. Nagy(Le). 50
    Freestyle -  Winings(B) 2. Hogan(Le) 3. Care(WC) 4. Parisi(LS) 5. Fleming(G)
    6. Galuszka(La). 400 Medley Relay -  1- Lehigh 2. Bucknell 3. LaSalle 4.
    Temple 5. West Chester 6. Delaware. 200 Butterfly -  1. Hogan(Le) 2.
    Lavin(T) 3. Hughes(Le) 4. Nagy(I*> 5. Pederson(LS) 6. King(LS). 200
    Freestyle -  1. O'Keeffe(B) 2. MacGregor(Le) 3. DeYoung(De) 4. Fleming!G) 5.
    Sine(Le) 6. Krohmer(B). 100 Breaststroke -  1. O'Loughlin(Le) 2. SUck(B) 3.
    Erb(WC) 4. Stine(Le) 5. Lawfer(LS) 6. Wilf(B). 100 Backstroke -  1.
    Landes(B) 2. King(T) 3. Young(B) 4. Miller(La) 5. Otto(B) 6. McKnelly(De).
    400 IM  -  1 Meyer(LS) 2. Rasmussen(B) 3. Nagy(Le) 4. Metague(LS) 5.
    Robinson(T) 6. Thomas(Le). One Meter Dive -  1. Allen(T) 2. Davidson(La) 3.
    Richards(B) 4. Daly(WC) 5 McPeak(LS) 6. Farr(B). >> 0 Freestyle Relay -  1.
    Bucknell 2. Lehigh 3. LaSalle 4. Temple 5. Lalay. ette 6. American. 1650
    Freestyle -  1. Morley(SJ) 2. MacGregor(Le) 3. Sine(Le) 4. Walent(T) 5.
    Norton(B) 6. Fenning(LS). 100 Freestyle -  1. O'Keeffe(B) 2. Hogan(Le) 3.
    DeYoung(De) 4. Mac- Gregor(Le) 5. Fleming(G) 6. Wuungs(B). 200 Backstroke -
    X- Meyer(LS) 2. Young(B) 3. King(T> 4. Landes(B) 5. Otto(B) 6. Miller(La).
    200 Breaststroke -  1. 0 'I*ughlin<Le) 2_ Rasmussen(B) 3.Shck(B) .
    Lawfer(LS) 5. Wilf(B) 6. Stine(Le). , >>  Butterfly -  1. Hogan(Le) 2-
    HugheslLe) 3. LavinlTI 4 NagytLe) 5. Metague(LS) 6. Wmings(B). Three Meter
    Dive -  1. Allen(T) 22. DavidsoniLa) 3. Farr(B) 4. W a *- bum(LS) 5.
    Dillman(Le) 6. Richards(B). << >  Freestyle Relay -  1- Bucknell 3. Lrfugh
    3. LaSalle 4. Temple 5. M a - ware 6. American. --

Heading: I
Content: # !I 5 ii .*

Heading: E M
Content: id illi

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: a lSS lili il ill *?#

Heading: M
Content: i

Heading: 111 I
Content: Bob Richards shows intense concenfration as the 1 meter board. The young
    freshmandefeated s week. << I >> a * >> - >  >> << < * I"

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewlsburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of livin g ..............You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: Herd Sharpshooters
Content: 

Heading: Put Hens to Flight
Content: By MIMI STARR Bucknell's rifle team ended its season matches with a win against
    the University of Delaware. In what could have been a close match the
    shooters defeated Delaware by al most 100 points, 1250-1159. Combin ing for
    the winning score were Karen Reid, Ron Mertz, John Tub bs, John Dickerson,
    and Steve Boyer. The team ended the season witn a 7-5 record. Coming up on
    April 3 is the league tournament in Harris burg. Bucknell has a good chance
    to bring back both individual and team awards and to avenge its earlier
    losses.

Heading: A R T ' S  B A K E R Y
Content: 

Heading: For Hie Tops in Lox
Content: 

Heading: -- Good Bagel's Too
Content: 

Heading: Art's Baker}
Content: 

Heading: 500 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: BY THE R. R- TRACKS
Content: Bob Young Practices his take off m made an amazing recovery and wdl try to
    defend ^ title of last year.

Heading: TEST POW ER!
Content: 

Heading: Cowles
Content: 

Heading: TEST PREPARATION
Content: 

Heading: BOOKS
Content: y y H E N  there's so much

Heading: FREE INFORMATION
Content: 

Heading: SAFE. LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T I O N
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: Scheduled Immediately
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 8562
Content: 

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: 

Heading: CERTIFIED
Content: 

Heading: ABORTON REFERRAL
Content: 

Heading: All Inquiries Confidential
Content: riding on the results, go into that exam in complete control. Plan ahead with
    the only study guides that ac curately simulate the test you'll soon face --
    in both form at and level of d iffi culty. No clutter. No frills. Just the
    facts you need to pass. Confidence gives a big edge.

Heading: Insist on Quality
Content: # Reg./Grad. Nursing Insist

Heading: on
Content: Cowles School Admission 8V4"xir>> Paper <<*$4.95 **$4.45, all others $3.95 each
    See these and many others at your local bookstore

Heading: COWLES BOOK COMPANY/ INC
Content: Dental Aptitude Test Grad. Business School Admission Law School Admission*
    Medical College Admission** Miller Analogies Test G.R.E. Aptitude Test ! NTE
    Common Exam MARCH 5, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SEVEN
Content: 1 2 U #tiMMEHettBMMMeflBMMMBMHMMMMMMNMIlIMMMI !#HHHHHHHBHHHHH hh I m Wki

Heading: Runners Show Improvement;
Content: 

Heading: IC4A Meet Offers Stiff Test
Content: 

Heading: Grapplers Close Season
Content: 

Heading: With Loss to Syracuse
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE Last Saturday the Bison grapplers traveled to Syracuse and
    suffered a stinging 33-3 setback. Junior Mark Ramage averted a shutout for
    the matsters as he edged by Guy Rocha 9-8 in the 134 pound weight class. The
    first period was scoreless, but Ramage, work ing from the top position in
    the second period, picked up five points as he took Rocha down and then
    cradled him up tight. Trading an escape and a takedown in the third period
    Mark held on for the win. Bucknell's top two wrestlers, A1 Loesch and Tom
    Rivoire, both suf fered close losses. Loesch dropped a 4-3 decision while
    Rivoire got caught in a five point move in the first period before he could
    proceed to work on even terms with his op ponent. This Friday and Saturday
    the grapplers are at Gettysburg for the MAC championships. Again, co-
    captains A1 Loesch and Tom Rivoire should have the best chances in the
    tournament. Loesch possessed an outstanding 11-2 record while Rivorie, an
    MAC champ last year, has a 10-3 mark. Coach Richard Schumacher said that the
    Bisons have an excellent opportunity to show what we've learned and can do."
    He feels that each member on the squad is capable of placing and earning
    valuable team points. The varsity squad will consist of a young team with
    three juniors, three sophomores and four fresh men. However, they have
    learned much this season and are deter mined to make up for the fact that
    they failed to achieve a winning season record. By JEFF QUINZER Several
    runners turned in their top career times at this weekend's Delaware
    Invitational and perform ances in general continued to im prove as Coach
    Gulden and the winter track team prepared for their biggest meet of the
    season, the upcoming Inter-Collegiate Ama teur Athletic Association of
    America invitational meet. More practically known as the IC4A's, the meet is
    the equivilent of the eastern champ ionships and will be held in Jadwin Gym
    at Princeton this Friday and Saturday. This marks the first year that this
    school will compete in the IC4A's, a meet in which a school must receive
    invitations to compete. In order to receive an invitation, the individual
    performers must meet certain qualifying standards. Coach Gulden expects the
    competi tion to be the stiffest the team has faced yet. " This is usually
    the most competitive of any meet held in the

Heading: O'Keefe Guns for Triple Crown
Content: 

Heading: As MAC Swim Tourney Begins
Content: Sophomore A1 Loesch is one of the Bisons' hopefuls in the MAC wrestl ing
    championships today and tomor row. Loesch compiled an 11-2 record this
    season, (photo by Bob Arnold)

Heading: I.M. BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Content: Davis Gymnasium Wednesday, March 10 7:30 p.m. IND vs. PKP 8:30 p.m. LCA vs.
    Frosh Champ Thursday, March 11 7:30 p.m. Two winners meet for Championship.

Heading: I.M. WRESTLING SCHEDULE
Content: Davis Gymnasium Monday, March 15 4:00 p.m. Preliminaries 7:00 p.m. Quarter
    Finals Tuesday, March 16 7:30 p.m. Semi Finals Wednesday, March 17 7:30 p.m.
    Consolation & Finals The following will be the weight classes: 126 134 142
    150 158 167 180

Heading: HWT.
Content: By DAVE COULTER In a year that Bison athletic teams have witnessed victory and
    defeat, hope and frustration, the swim team has provided a shining example
    of the excellence which can be attained through the diligent efforts of
    coach and team. The swim team is presently en gaged in the battle for the
    MAC crown at the All-MAC meet at Temple. One of the standout per formers on
    the Bison squad is Peter O'Keeffe, whi will be gun ning for three first
    places in the meet. However, what " really matters" to Peter and the team is
    not the individual contests, but the MAC title. " Last year Lehigh won the
    three relays, and that was the dif ference. This year the relays could once
    again decide the meet,"  he forecasts. Lehigh has been rated a slight
    favorite over the Bisons to reclaim the crown this year, in spite of BU's
    64-49 triumph over Lehigh at the Freas-Rooke Pool last week. O'Keeffe
    believes, however, that the big difference in the team this year is their "
    ability to win the big meets, and the close ones."  Also a new team spirit
    has developed with " everyone cheering for (he whole team . . . we're a lot
    closer."  Both of these Bison assets will be tested to the utmost as the
    final events of the MAC'S approach. Something has definitely been working in
    the Bison's favor so far this year. As Peter O'Keeffe looks back over the
    season he finds that "the Cornell meet really sticks out in my mind, as we
    played them in water polo as well as swimming, and had developed a great
    amount of animosity toward them and their coach. We wanted to beat them real
    bad - and Syracuse, too. Rut gers was our worst defeat. The

Heading: OX - BO W
Content: 

Heading: - D I N I N G
Content: r o o m

Heading: -
Content: s a n d w ic h

Heading: MENU--  EVENINGS 5:00 --  12:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: GRILLE ROOM OPEN FROM 11:00 A.M. --  2:00 A.M.
Content: 

Heading: DAILY LUNCHEON SPECIALS
Content: 

Heading: MONDAY, M A R C H  8
Content: 

Heading: FRANKS & BEANS
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY, M A R C H  9
Content: 

Heading: H O T ROAST TURKEY SAN DW ICH
Content: 

Heading: WEDNESDAY, M A RC H  10
Content: 

Heading: VEAL PARMESAN
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY, M A R C H  11
Content: 

Heading: BEEF STROGANOFF
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY, M A R C H  12
Content: 

Heading: FRIED FRESH H AD D O CK
Content: 

Heading: SERVING LUNCH 11:30 A.M- --  2:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MARCH 5, 1971 team was thinking about the Lehigh meet (instead of Rutgers),
    which was probably good because we didn't get down afterwards. Last year the
    loss to Rutgers hurt at the MAC'S because we were still down." At the MAC
    meet O'Keeffe's per sonal goal consists of victories in the 100 and 500 yd.
    freestyle and the 200 yd. backstroke. Although one swimmer from Temple has
    had a better time in the 500, Pete be lieves the triple is still within his
    reach. He notes that there is a certain " loneliness" in swimming, " you
    can't just start talking to the guy next to you like in other sports." There
    is also the challenge of get ting psyched for a race. " I often get myself
    psyched up by a fear of failure,"  O'Keeffe explains. " I con vince myself
    that something awful will happen if I lose." However, losing has not been
    Peter's way. This is his first year with the 500 yd. event, but he es
    tablished himself as a potential MAC champ in this race. He recog nizes that
    there is some extra think ing in this longer race, " you have to pace
    yourself more, deciding where to slow down and speed up." The " 100" remains
    his favorite race, as he has more experience and confidence in the shorter
    event. His speed is a prime asset in longer races where he feels he can "
    outsprint them at the end if I can stay with them the rest of the race."
    The Bison swimmer also sees the middle distance events as tougher than the
    shorter or longer races, as " one can excel! in dis tance with hard work or
    the sprints with talent, but the middle distances require both."

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: FOR SALE -- 1967 Volkswagen bus, reasonably priced. Call 524-9663. FOR SALE --
    1966 Honda 90, 1000 miles, passed N.J. inspection, also 2 helmets, goggles
    and visor. Call Libby 524-0338.

Heading: FOR SALE -- SPINET
Content: 

Heading: PIANO,
Content: Wanted, responsible party to take over a spinet piano. Easy terms available. Can
    be seen locally. Write Credit Manager, P.O. Box 35, Cortland, Ohio 44410.
    STUDENT TRAVEL -- Trips, Char- ters. Europe, Orient, Around The World. Write
    S.T.O.P. 2150C Shat- tuck Berkeley CA 94704 or See Travel Agent.

Heading: MEN'S
Content: CONTRACEPTIVES! Im- ported and best American brands. Price list free. Samples
    and cata logue $1.00, refunded if not satis fied.

Heading: POPLAN,
Content: Box 2556-QP3, Chapel Hill, NC 27514. Peter O'Keeffe has indeed shown his all
    around swimming abilities this year while smashing records and capturing
    honors for his team and school. During the spring re cess, he and Steve
    Winings will travel to Iowa St. for the Nationals. They both are ranked
    among the top ten in their respective events (100 back and 50 free), but
    admit they will have to work even harder to get to the finals of the rugged
    championship competition. While not working out with the swim team, the BU
    junior works toward his economic degree. He plans to progress to graduate
    school after Bucknell with his sights set on the banking field. Peter
    remains somewhat disen chanted with the " overemphasis on social life here
    at Bucknell."  He admits that he is inclined to be both a conservative and a
    realist. As the season draws to a close O'Keeffe and the team must look
    forward to next season, when they will reton  nearly the same squad, lacking
    only the services of talented seniors Jack Krohmer and Mike Huffman. Pete
    looks for a continued strong showing by the Bison team next year under Coach
    Russell. Congratulations, praise and sup port are certainly in order for
    both Peter O'Keeffe and the Bison team for their successes and devoted toil
    in their quest for athletic excellence. East,"  he emphasized. " It can even
    be rougher than the Millrose Games or the AAU meets. This is consis tently
    the tougest of any meet I've seen." Just one look at the field would support
    that conclusion. Although this is mainly an eastern invita tional, Notre
    Dame, Michigan State and Duke will be represented as well as eastern powers
    such as Maryland and defending champion Villonova, which is again the team
    to beat. Gulden is optimistic about the up coming meet. " The times are en
    couraging,"  he said. " We just keep improving and bringing the times down.
    Even the boys who are not placing that high are still running well; almost
    everyone has im proved." Examples of the continual im provement can be found
    in the re sults of the Delaware Invitational held this past Friday and
    Saturday. Paul Hermle turned in his best time ever in the 600-yard run
    (1:15- .5) while John Lamer's lifetime best (4:31.8) won him fifth place in
    the mile run. In other results from that meet, Len Dillinger took first
    place in the long jump at 20 feet, 7 inches and a fifth in the high jump
    with a leap of 6 feet and one half inch, Tom Hagerty was sixth in the
    880-yard run (2:00.5), Bill Hamilton ran a 6.6 in the semi-finals of the
    60-yard dash and freshman Scott Bartran ran a 9:56 for the two-mile. The
    two-mile relay team of Bill Ledger- wood, Paul Hermle, John Lamer and Tom
    Hagerty took second with a time of 8:09.3. While most of the team returned
    after Friday night's events, Rich Francel and Bob Smith stayed overnight for
    the invitational on Saturday. Smith took a first in the triple jump with a
    jump of 44 feet, Vi inch and Francel ran a 1:57 in the 880. After the
    IC4A's, the Bisons will compete in the East Stroudsburg Invitational on
    March 13 for the final meet of the winter season. ________ * ___ CUP AND
    SAVE--------------- ---------

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: LOW COST, SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: SCHEDULED IMMEDIATELY
Content: 

Heading: (212)490-3600
Content: 

Heading: i c x m
Content: 

Heading: z a
Content: 

Heading: FRI.-SAT.
Content: ------

Heading: WHATS PLAYTNGT
Content: ------

Heading: POST ON
Content: 

Heading: BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: MAR. 5-6
Content: 

Heading: FROM DENMARK
Content: THREE PEOPLE IN A STRAfvw. E AFFAI:

Heading: threesom
Content: in cotar by Technicolor TF m ftrst ram mad<< in Denmark <<Inc<< that country
    abolished ad censorship. It was alezed as obaoene by U.& Customs only to be
    released thru legal efforts, without a single cutI WHAT THE CRITICS SAY:
    ...g ive  ell take all erotic encounters ... basically nude dramatics ... a
    sense of style and a thoroughly proleaalonal job. - VARIETY ,,.surpasses I
    AM CURIOUS and WITHOUT A I . STITCH with ecenee that practically burn a \i
    hole In the screen, ,,e sex Him of the strongest kind. ..magnificent staging
    and beautiful photography. - BACKSTAGE ...a bold and Intonating tUm.. . high
    powered leeblan drama ...oartaktly the best film yet In the fast moving new
    vogue ot Soandlnavlan-America n oo-productlona... smocks of Bergman In
    Intensity ...a film that goes all the way. - CINEMA MAGAZINE Because of the
    totally revealing nature of THREESOME, absolutely no one under U  arill be
    admitted. Special ushers will be oe dub hi check Identification of anyone
    whose age may be r question. If you in  shocked or embarrased by nudity and
    total frankness, you ire urged NOT to after.:.

Heading: Five Faculty Join
Content: 

Heading: 9 71 Teaching Staff
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXni -- NO. 35
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY. MARCH 9. 197i
Content: I PROFESSIONAL SCHEDULING SERVICE. Inc.| | 545 Fifth Aye., New York City 10017 j
    There is a fee for our .service ___ ;

Heading: SHOW TIMES 7:00 --  9:00
Content: By BILL WHITNEY One full-time professor and four visiting professors have been
    added to the University faculty. Dr. Tom A. Travis, assistant pro fessor of
    political science at Vir ginia Polytechnic Institute and State University,
    has been appointed to the same position here and will join the faculty in
    September. A member of the V.P.I. faculty for the past three years,
    Professor Travis received his Ph.D. from the Maxwell School of Citizenship
    and Public Affairs at Syracuse Uni versity, where he held a Maxwell
    Fellowship for graduate study Gary M. Hochberg, a teaching as sistant in
    philosophy at Brown Uni versity, has been appointed assis tant professor of
    philosophy and will begin his duties in September. A recipient of a Woodrow
    Wilson Fellowship at American University where he earned a bachelor of arts
    degree cum laude, Mr. Hochberg is currently a candidate for the Ph.D. degree
    at Brown. Dr. Harry K. Hutton, professor emeritus of education at Penn State
    University, is serving as a visiting professor of education during the
    current semester. Professor Hutton received his doctor of education degree
    from Penn State, where he was a member of the faculty for eighteen years
    until his retirement last December. Dr. Daniel E. Atkins III, a 1965 cum
    laude graduate of the Uni versity, has been appointed visiting assistant
    professor of computer science and associate in the Freas- Rooke Computer
    Center. He began his duties here in February. Recipient of a bachelor of
    science degree in electrical engineering from the University and master of
    science and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Illinois, Professor At kins
    has been an electronic engineer with the U.S. Naval Ordinance Lab-
    (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Seniors Learn Child
Content: 

Heading: Aiders '.Inst Kidding'
Content: By LUCY TYRRELL " It was an unfortunate experience and a mistake,"  asserted
    Jeff Seng- stack, president of the class of '71, when he referred to the
    sponsorship funds given last year by that class to Save the Children
    Federation (SCF). " We wanted to develop a social awareness through the
    class con tribution,"  he explained, " and make a significant difference
    somewhere, helping people vho need help--but the appreciation just wasn't
    there." In the fall of 1969, after consider able thinking, the class of '71
    chose to give a contribution to SCF, an international child welfare agency.
    The class registered with SCF their interest in making one large
    contribution, specifying that it be utilized to help a family in Ap
    palachia. With substantial sponsorship funds sent by the class of '71 and a
    col laborating contributor, the Federa tion made an interest-free loan to
    the Black family in Greenville, Ten nessee. The money was to be used to
    purchase needed equipment for (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Wnt
Content: 

Heading: jSudmclltan
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY, LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: --------
Content: 

Heading: Zeller Releases Unofficial Figures
Content: 

Heading: Collegiate Athletics' Budget Reduced
Content: By ROBERT WENDEL An increase of almost $80,000 in scholarships appeared in the
    re vised University budget for the coming fiscal year, announced Dr. John F.
    Zeller, Vice-President of Administration and Finance. How ever, much of this
    income was off set by a reduction of $45,000 in graduate funds. Although
    many individual expendi tures were affected, the total net change came to
    only an $18,000 re duction. Substantial changes include a de crease of
    $86,000 in the total Uni versity income, the majority of which was due to a
    increase in tab ulated tuition of $100,000 and re search funding of $35,000.
    Some of the larger reductions in clude a cut of $25,000 from adminis trative
    salaries, the majority of which is due to the elimination of the position of
    Dean of Business

Heading: New Police Chief Speaks
Content: 

Heading: Heiter:
Content: 

Heading: '
Content: 

Heading: Raids
Content: 

Heading: Are
Content: 

Heading: '
Content: By CATHLEEN EVANS " If University students are going to act like drunkards,
    criminals or Communists, we'll certainly ac comodate them,"  promised Lewis-
    burg Chief of Police, Donald Heiter. He continued, " If the students want to
    flirt with the law, then at some time in the future there may be
    repurcussions or arrests made." Not wanting to continue the para noia that
    plagued the campus dur ing the " Chicago" concert, and wanting to assure the
    students of a passive position unless provoked, he stresses, " I won't make
    any threats as to raids being made on or off campus, but I will make a
    promise that if the laws are not followed, then raids will be con ducted for
    illegal use of alchohol or narcotics and other illegal drugs. This can
    happen anywhere in the borough under my jurisdiction--even in private
    homes,"  and anywhere else on campus by federal, state or county police the
    major supplier of drugs for the high school, but he feels there are a number
    of other sources within a 100 mile radius. He cautions that the University
    is not a " sanctuary,"  as part of the area is in the Lewisburg borough and
    part under the jurisdiction of the East Buffalo Township. Any of his
    policemen can be depu tized by the sheriff and go any where in the county,
    or become deputy marshalls and work for the federal government, a practice
    which is now being utilized in the conduction of drug and other in
    vestigations on campus. Attributing most problems be tween police and
    students during de monstrations to outsiders, he notes, " We're here to
    protect you as stu dents and townspeople, but when outsiders come in, we
    don't know who's who. We're trying to relate to the students and citizens
    here that they're jeopradizing their own lives just because of these out
    siders. rocks, break windows, or attack my men, they're going to be attacked
    by my men . . . I'm going to say get your club and your gun and sic 'em. I'm
    not going to have my men abused." Donald Heiter, a 1946 graduate ot
    Lewisburg High School, spent time in the navy, naval reserve, and marine
    corps which included 14 months in Korea and one year in Vietnam (1967-1968),
    was appointed Chief of Police January 4, 1971. Nodding a " Peace, Brother"
    to one of his policemen, he noted that while he might agree with many of the
    students ideas, "You might say that I don't have any civil rights, I have to
    protect both sides. I'm going to enforce the law. That's all there is to
    it.' Administration; $28,000 cut from faculty salaries in the Department of
    Japanese Studies; and a $5,000 cut from the intercollegiate athletic
    program. On the departmental level, only English, astronomy, and economics
    showed any appreciable gains (more than $1,000), as most showed slight
    losses. The ultimate deficit of $68,000, which was uncovered by the new
    budget tabulation, was balanced by using funds which were originally
    earmarked for future use. The revision was made with the hope that the
    budget would be in balance. Originally, this action would not have to occur;
    however, due to the slowdown of the economy and some actions taken during
    and after the Cambodian incursion, the budget was out of balance for the
    present fiscal year. In order to avoid the inevitable, Zeller requested last
    November that all departments cut their in dividual budgets as much as pos
    sible. Dr. Zeller's office proceeded to re-evaluate the entire budget in
    January, and, on February 10, the revised budget was sent to Dr. Charles H.
    Watts for approval. Although President Watts has as yet to OK the revisions,
    Dr. Zeller feels that the budget cuts will stand as corrected, and, in an
    interview with this reporter stated, " The budget has been closed for the
    year, and is in balance." Dr. Zeller also made some pre dictions for next
    year, in which he noted that due to the difference in the sizes of the
    senior vs. next year's freshman class, there will be an increase of 50
    students. This in crease taken with the increase in tuition, will increase
    income by $1,000,000, and the total '71-72 budget by close to $750,000.
    Also, in regard to the obvious problem which will accompany the increase in
    student population, Zeller stated that the University now has an architect
    commissioned to supply different possibilities foT future student housing.
    One of these is the constructor of privately-owned apartment com plexes or
    town house arrangements while another alternative is the con struction of
    University-owned dorms across Route 15, where the intra mural soccer fields
    are at present. Overall, however, the future hous ing situation seems to be
    just an other financial thorn in Dr. Zeller f side.

Heading: Climber Elucidates
Content: 

Heading: Ideas on Education
Content: By STEVE KNIGHT Famed mountaineer and educa tional innovator William Unsoeld
    will be the guest of the University this weekend. " Willi" Unsoeld first
    gained' worldwide attention in 1963 with hif ascent of the West Ridge route
    oi Mt. Everest. The expedition t o first successful traverse of any Him
    alayan peak and an altitude record for survival following a forced biv ouac
    at 28.000 feet. In addition to his extensive moun taineering experience in
    many part<<, of the world, Unsoeld has served as Director of the Nepal Peace
    Corps Project, assistant professor of philosophy and religion at Oregon
    State University, Community D e velopment Advisor with the United States
    Agency for International De velopment in Nepal, and Executive Vice-President
    of Outward Bound, Inc. Presently he is occupied as a member of Planning
    Faculty laying out innovative curriculum at Ever green State College in
    Olympia. Washington. Unsoeld has an unusual approach to college education.
    At Evergreen State he has already involved some of the students in a novel
    cur (Continued on Page 3) m Unlike many townspeople, he He makes a second
    promise that doesn't feel that the University is " The first time students
    throw

Heading: Irish Senator Discusses
Content: 

Heading: Political Strife in Ireland
Content: Michael Yeats, chairman of the Irish senate and only son of the poet William
    Butler Yeats, and his wife Grainne, a harpist, will present a lecture-
    recital tonight. Open to the public, the program will be given in Vaughan
    Lit. auditorium at 8 p.m. There will also be an open class in which Yeats
    will discuss religious strife and current political develop ments in Ireland
    at 9 a.m. Wed nesday in 204A Coleman Hall. Newly-elected chairman of the
    Irish senate, Mr. Yeats post is comparable to that of the Speaker of the
    U.S. House of Representa tives. He is a leading spokesman for the government
    party in the Irish senate and is one of the founders of the Irish branch of
    the European movement. Senator Yeats is also a profes sional music critic
    and an authority on Irish folk music. His wife is widely acclaimed
    throughout the British Isles and the continent for her performance of this
    kind of music. In his appearance, Mr. Yeats will reminisce on the influence
    of his father's poetry. His wife will pre sent musical illustrations of
    Yeats' poetry. One erf Ireland's most distinguish ed harpists and singers of
    tradi tional Irish songs, Grainne Yeats uses a small 31-stringed Irish harp,
    a modernized version of the harp which has been used in Ireland for over
    1,000 years. A reception will follow the pro gram. Senator and Mrs. Yeats'
    visit to the University is sponsored by the Friends of the Ellen Clarke Bert
    rand Library, the department of English, and the English honor society.

Heading: 'Pleasing hack of Pretension'
Content: 

Heading: Sea Train, Kossinec Rate Reviewers' Raves
Content: By DEAN LANDEW There are many factors which make a good rock concert. The first,
    of course, is a talented group which can do it technically and with honesty
    and charisma. Secondly, a good audience. One which is discriminating, polite
    appreciative, and ready to have a good time. Then things like reasonable
    ticket prices and com fortable seating come into it. Well, pleasant
    surprises are always nice, like good rock concerts nowadays. And Friday s
    Sea Train/Tony Kossinec concert was a pleasant surprise. The general
    atmosphere for the show was right from the beginning. The usually notorius
    waiting and push ing in line situation would have been almost entirely
    eliminated had the sound equipment arrived on time^ Apparently, a lot of
    people weren't ready to risk $2 on two unknown acts, so the crowd filled
    maybe three- fourths of the gym. It didn't hurt anything. There was a
    pleasing lack of pretentiousness on the performers parts and an equally
    pleasing lack of overexpectation on the audience's part. ___ And for $2, the
    show generally turned out to be one of the Concert Committee's best
    arrangements of the 1970-71 school year. . , , The headliner, Sea Train, has
    been kicking around for a while, switching personnel and recording com
    panies. Three members of the group come from earlier experiences which a
    close follower might know: Peter Rowan, guitar from b S S  Sea Train and
    Tony Kossinec both " withstood"  sncce* ant^A tov Kulberg ' iis s  and
    flute, from the Blues sive standing ovations and proved an " outstanding"  t
    o and Andy Kulberg, oass auu ginning to the second semester concert senes.
    Project. . ,,  , ,, (photo by Doug Abdelnouri (Continued on Page 3) v m

Heading: =THE SIDESHOW1
Content: 

Heading: Out in the Real World
Content: .B y  DAVID WEINBERGER;

Heading: Sea Train Concert
Content: I remember last year's seniors very well.

Heading: 'X
Content: ' n S t a t can recall their graduation ceremony. They shook hands with P W t s
    , like new-born babies being slapped, and began to wait for their name<<; to
    show up in the Alumni News. . . . .

Heading: _
Content: In Boston, where most of them went, I slept in ,, weekend hoping to learn from
    them what my parents couldnt tell me. " What's it like in the real world?"
    I asked when the moment seemed right. The moment stretched and we pretended
    that I had asked the question as 3 * o n e  is teaching school. I laughed
    when I heard about it. Jane's not a teacher although her students don't know
    that. Her students call her " Miss,"' as they run around the Bunker Hill
    Monument on the class trip degn !a n e 0taoSsaythat she's not much of a
    teacher. The students realtee that they can get away with anything. They
    aren t learning anything. Jane doesn't even try to justify herself by
    pretendmg that she is R ow ing item the freedom the archaic school system
    denies them. The kids are just running around. But Jane also knows that she
    is just a temporary ^ a c h e . S w h e r e T t h e  future she'll quit and
    find her rightful place. We both stopped talking and saw ahead fifteen
    years. She'll still be teaching bu thePkMs will call her " Mrs."  And
    neither of us will think that it s a joke nn the school system that she is a
    teacher. . . . Another graduated from Bucknell with an art degree She s a
    traitress. But just for now. She is living in Boston with Jane. She is
    sleeping on the couch, looking for a job. A better job for now. They live in
    a city, but they really live in an apartment with five other people, each of
    whom reminds them of someone they ^(r) w  J it BucknelL They can't go for
    long walks in the country anymore, but they never did 3t Bucknell snyway. .
    , Another works for an advertising firm. She's inst domg it to ear money,
    making the most of it. She's not selling out, f tho,uPS l nf (r)  ,todeg ^
    an art degree and is now buying space in newspapers for deodorant adver
    tisements. She is still the same person, disguised in a cloak of av"
    ag?(r)?(r) for the sake of the advertising world. In twenty years shell
    Pauae moment in a phone call to the bank and wonder who it is she has hidden
    U1S1<Her boyfriend is in the mailing room, Xeroxing his gentials and send_
    ing the copies out as Christmas cards. He's waiting for hns promotion. not

Heading: Sause
Content: he wants to work his way up in advertising, but because then he'll have more
    money to let his real self run free among e un pe

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: >*
Content: 

Heading: -  #
Content: and drive th ro e *  << V

Heading: E
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: >>  2

Heading: T
Content: hunting fighting off rampaging Amazons, tracking wild boar. But really. paved
    road, waiting for som ^ rn g to happen like any night in the Bison. Hoping
    for an accident to change our course. A flat tire becomes a legend later on
    in the trip. Or work for a w hile-just to earn some m oney-so we can buy a
    house and read and sleep and write. And watch TV after we tried << >>hard to
    do without one. Watching as our karma becomes a r^ _ TV set breaks we will
    sit quietly, kneading our hands, not breathing whUe the w T h ^ e ^ friS d
    fw h ^ a rT g o in g  to buy a yacht and sail around^he world forever,
    drowning on board while waiting for the rest o in nnri so that thev can not
    know about it. What are we going to do when the Concert Committee runs no
    more concerts when Hilltop can't find any films, when the bowling alley is
    miles away, when we leave and are stripped of everything except our name,
    rank M d ^ ria leii Not ^  y,e hope of the world. We'll die instead,
    remembering the winning touchdown in a high school football game' or the1
    time we were on American Bandstand at the highpoint of our life.

Heading: Horizons
Content: 

Heading: 'Bucknell' Dead at 133
Content: By PAUL J. J. PAYACK and PAUL OSHER LEWISBURG, Pa., Feb. 23, 1979. Universitas "
    Bucknell"  BuckneUen- sis succumbed today after a long illness. She was 133
    years old and lived on " the hill"  overlooking the picturesque Susquehanna
    River. Mysteriously conceived by " a small group of Baptists"  in 1845, the
    foundation was laid for a short, but prosperous, lifetime. During her
    adolescense and young adult hood she was known as the country club on the
    Susquehanna who blos somed into a favorite social center (and steppingstone)
    for white, Anglo-Saxon protestants in the late 1960's and early 70's. In her
    final years her name was often associated with the nearby federal prison.
    This notoriety reach ed its apex during the trial of the " Harrisburg Six."
    This chance se quence of events catapulted such figures as Phil Withim and
    Zoia Horn into the national spotlight. The first noticeable symptons of the
    fatal " financial ills"  surfaced in 1970. (Their cause has not yet been
    determined; the coroner's re port will be released on Thursday). These
    symptoms manifested them selves in a reduction of courses offered, a smaller
    scholarship pool, and a substantial and regular defi cit. An exodus of the
    top-flight fac ulty ensued, and the vain attempts of the administration of
    Charles Watts to rectify the situation yield ed naught. The University could
    not hold onto those who created the stimulating environment of that time.
    Distinguished new professors were reluctant to join their fading ranks, even
    more so as the homo geneity of the student body increas ed (the institution
    became a haven for the upper middle classL An ill-

Heading: Gradegrubbers
Content: To the Editor: Mr. Mates' letter to the editor (March 2) revealed an extremely
    narrow view of the objectives of a university and the meaning of dis
    cipline. Bucknell is committed to intellectual development and bring ing the
    " student to an awareness of his own talent" (Bucknell Cata logue), not the
    disciplining of minds. A " pass system"  only means an archy for those
    people who do not have enough meaning in their own lives to find fulfillment
    and self integrity. It is the " disciplined ap plication of knowledge"
    without a humanistic basis that has contri buted to the present state of
    social problems and has imperiled the ex istence of man. Only a new mind (a
    Consciousness H I?) that has ^ es caped the corruption of a disciplined
    mentality and the hoax of grade grinding can hopefully cope with the present
    institutionalized immorality. Today, education is no more lo osely defined--
    the objectives of at taining knowledge, a scholarly ap proach and means to
    cope with life remain. It is only the methods of the past that have
    degenerated that are being re-evaluated. In a sense, Mr. Mates is right in
    saying that a " disciplined"  college experience will prepare graduates for
    later life. Gradegrubbers will fit into the meritocracy of the cor porate
    state very well. But how many people want to kiss asses for the rest of
    their lives? And he may be right in saying that the people who believe in
    inner-direction, self- reliance, and self-determination are in the minority.
    Mr. Mates believes that there is only one kind of discipline--external and
    imposed from without. Mr. Mates, did you ever hear of self- control, of
    intrinsic motivation, of self-determination? It is unfortunate when so
    little is left of a human be ing that he must rely on artificial rewards
    outside of himself to sur vive. I do not understand why Mr. Mates is so
    concerned with dis cipline when the Bucknellian edi torial never mentioned
    the word. The only place that I have seen the word 'discipline' is in the
    ROTC manuals and they certainly have nothing to do with knowledge. Anyone
    desiring rigid control can enter a military academy or the demented armed
    forces. Let those who desire freedom and self-de termination attempt to make
    the University into a community of scholarship. David Bender

Heading: Bears
Content: their friendship with the students would have to cease to the extent that all
    conversation between stu dents and the Bears is to be either official or
    non-existent. They are no longer to be on a first name basis with students,
    nor can they ' profer a ride up the hill when they see a student walking
    along and fighting the elements on cold, dark, and miserable nights. In
    short, the Bears are to assume a formal and indifferent attitude towards the
    stu dents, neither offering help and friendship, nor requesting and re
    ceiving them. Their official appearance is to be so altered, that their
    badges must be displayed at all times, as well as this, the immediate
    institution of the practice of carrying, at all time, a nightstick and a
    canister of gas has been effected. In other words, the Bears are to become
    the guards at Buckingham Palace, the M.P.'s in a riot control squad to
    maintain strict law and order and to hamper or totally restrict the normal
    outlets of student exuber ance and comradery as well as their own. And
    possibly the ultimate indignation is that Chief Fine s re strictions extend
    to their private lives: the Bears may be told not to visit Lewisburg bars in
    order to avoid possible interaction with stu dents. OK students! You are now
    aware ot the situation. The student-Bears relationship is being seriously
    threatened by people who are not involved and have no apparent knowledge of
    its nature or pro ductiveness. What do you intend to do about it? It is to
    your benefit to take some action, possibly in form of letters to the editor
    of The Buck nellian, letters to Chief Fine, Vice President Zeller, and the
    like, or personal visits to these people in order to preserve the status
    quo. Those of you who have contact with the Bears know this is neces sary.
    To those of you who don't, ask around. Find out how many times a Bear has
    been hurt helping stu dents. Find out how many times the Bears have
    apprehended troublemakers and criminals who have decided to prowl our
    campus. You might even discover how many times the Bears have helped drunk
    en students to get home safely, and the way in which they have taken care of
    people on bum trips, seek ing only to help them, calm them down, and protect
    them from self- injury without harsh, police-like actions. You'll discover
    that the Bears go out of their way to help the stu dents, not because their
    job dictates it, but simply because they are your friends, regardless of
    whether or not they have ever set eyes on you before. Their friendship is an
    asset to Bucknell life: don't let it be foolishly destroyed and the Bears
    dehumanized. DO SOMETHING!! Kenneth B. Dowling

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: KEEPING ACCOUNT
Content: 

Heading: Administrators' Chat
Content: . By CHARLES MUSSMAN . The stone Bison was converted to a wishing well as one of
    the final efforts to save Miss Bucknellensis. timed hastily conceived
    University Center, " the little mother,"  further aggreviated the situation.
    Near the end, in August of 1972, one Sid Miller succeeded Charles Watts as
    president of the University. Miller recognized the crisis and ordered, in
    the next few years, several dramatic budget cuts. ROTC was abolished,
    football was reduced to club status and the stone Bison was converted into a
    wishing well, in order to earn its keep. Immediately before her demise, Miss
    Bucknellensis was assimilated into the Pennsylvania Educational System, too
    late, however, to avoid the inevitable. Survivors include Philip Roth, Sam
    Havrilack, Bob Latour, and a cast of thousands (also 17,000 bi son). There
    will be no public viewing. To the Editor: Most of us are aware that the last
    couple of years have seen a friendly, helpful, and healthy re lationship
    spring up between the students and the Campus Security Force (Bears). The
    acquisition of new, young men on the force has helped to create a rapport
    with the Bears which can only enhance their ability and willingness to
    protect the students and University property while allowing the most
    reasonable and pleasant flexibility of Uni versity regulations. More than
    one example can be given in which the Bears, perceiv ing no danger or
    destruction, but only friendly, mischevious actions, have turned their backs
    and allowed pranks and practical jokes to be perpetrated on a student by his
    fellows. It is common knowledge that the Bears have, upon occasion, played
    their own tricks upon stu dents and even other Bears. How ever, this last
    point may be their downfall, unless we as students and interested
    individuals move en masse to waylay the new policy of the administration. On
    March 2, 1971, certain of the off-duty Bears effected the kidnapp ing of a
    resident on campus. Three things should be made clear about the kidnapping:
    it was done entirely in fun; no one was hurt and any in convenience involved
    was minimal, and the victim bears no grudge against the kidnappers.
    Unfortunate ly, the administration apparently does begrudge the Bears their
    harmless fun. Chief Fine, in this case, apparent ly the spokesman for the
    adminis tration, called the men involved on the carpet. They were told that
    I wasn't quite sure who I was listening to at the other which had been
    cleverly imbedded somewhere on the Hall, but the discussion was so
    interesting that I thought it gh worth repeating. ____ . As far as 1 can
    tell, there were four people present: someone named Big Flo, another called
    The Chief, still another addressed " and the last called MaryJane. The
    conversation concerned itself with deg CCUBigtlFlo1

Heading: SSUk
Content: by telling a story of had to eo to the dispensary to see someone named Dmgaling.
    It see" "<<

Heading: , SUIJT
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: TJZ
Content: bite h e r . t o t e w a .  W d t t J t t << add neriod had ended. Although she
    had been able to get the hysterical

Heading: SSffS
Content: , h e r with a law, waU-pla<<>>! Woks, be was able te lb- fliet several nasty
    scratches on her left leg. MaryJane followed this by asserting that the
    female students could sometimes be worse than the men. She said that she was
    forced to give in to a Dretty coed because the wayward girl threatened to
    expose the

Heading: ll^ rn e S  X
Content: those **telerial" ad. h. didn't give the girl special permission to obtain
    birth-control pills with- deg Ut

Heading: ^m^freSSTSis
Content: by saying that MaryJane was lucky that the g irlT a Z 't want^d a p ic e  of the
    action. Then he launched into an account nfhiT m ost recent campaign. During
    his efforts to discourage drug abuse fhpir education by certain activities
    in this area. He was so impressea bv the ingenuity and ambitiousness of
    these students that he decided to ^ ite a T e tte rto  The New York Times
    citing tins example o fth e  way the vouth of America have embraced the free
    enterprise system. i0U The Chief congratulated him on the effectiveness of
    his campaign. He warned PS 2 v ? I h a U h e r e  were other reasons for
    being extea vigilant to He was especially concerned about the clamour of <<
    v i d X  for biscontintkm. he produced re- solution from toe Audacious Bull-
    Shitters urging the President to declare dOT H e ^ n t S  by voicing the
    opinion that students today are given too m u c f  tee" In his day he said,
    the women's dormatones were sur- K v T h ie h  fence Men were allowed
    inside, and every time a S r i l e i  toe compound she' had to be
    chaperoned. Ah, those were thedays! (r) T h e  con v ersion  was coming to
    an end. Someone shouted: to loco ,. - There was the sound of a window being
    opened, and after"  the chapel bells struck five-thirty, everyone joined m
    to sing Dear Bucknell.

Heading: 1
Content: 19 9 1  I

Heading: I f
Content: << #JJ # (Continued from Page 1) With organist Lloyd Baskin and drummer
    Atamanuik, Sea Train is one of the strangest looking outfits to some time
    (and with toe name of a van lines company, no less). But after much
    shuffling around, they seem to have hit on a winning musical combination
    which, hope fully, will gain momentum without getting out of hand.
    Technically, this is a good group. Kulberg and Greene are outstanding
    soloists. Greene, in particular, gave the best single instrumental per
    formance of any non-classical artist to appear here since Miles Davis last
    September as far as I am con cerned. The group's vocals are solid, and
    Atamanuik holds things together completely on drums, although his drum solo
    in " Flute Thing"  was. . . another drum solo. Although toe group has been
    com pared to toe Band for reasons which I find vague, Sea Train has a far
    more liberal approach which will probably suit them well as they try to make
    an impression on the larg est amount of listeners. I saw Sea Train about a
    year ago, and I still enjoyed the group's show. I have been a Richard Greene
    fan for a few years now, and I have been hearing Rowan and Kulberg for a
    while, to. The group itself came across with feeling and, for a change from
    most groups, seemed to like performing. Two minor complaints. I had hoped
    that Rowan's theatrical days of political psychedelia with Earth Opera were
    behind him, but he seems to have a new religious a- version (Elijah, Job,
    Satan, etc.). Nothing too wrong with it, but he can offer so much more
    otherwise without being dominated by phases. Then, I also hope that Sea
    Train doesn't get too indulgent and be com e toe Richard Greene Violin
    Showcase, because toe whole group is fine enough to make it without
    exploiting his virtuosity solely. So in toe future, it's a question of Sea
    Train getting a chance to be heard. They can give a good show, and I hope
    they can keep up with good material and get somewhere this time. As for Tony
    Kossinec, he seemed surprised. He received two stand ing ovations, sort of
    an impressive * thing considering he was a virtual unknown when he took toe
    stage. And a one night engagement to Vaughan Lit. Auditorium to boot. His
    acoustic guitar /bass/piano set-up may have reminded some of James Taylor,
    but Tony is quite different. His songs are not toe typical 4-line verse and
    chorus with ABAB lyrical form. He presents a semi-steram of conscious ness
    thing, and he is a good singer, flashing

Heading: 1
Content: # I

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: P u c K n e U ia n
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897 PubUshed twtoe aA PS

Heading: i S
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: - M
Content: 

Heading: i  >> t T * . <<  --
Content: 

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON --  Business Manager
Content: th e b u c k n e l l ia n p l a t f o r m _ j n otnn d w p  d e e m  iR t h 6
    foCSt in te r e s t  OI *D 8 To review any issue " d, w iththe
    Responsibility that is accorded us University, to treat every iMU critical
    when necessary as well as lauda- in a free society. c o n s ^ c t i l y  the
    news with accuracy and integrity- tory when appropriate, and to prtet t n ^
    w s ^  consensus oplnion of the editeria\0 b^rdaPS ^ e g gcodegS m ^ V -ein
    t the views only of the authors. All letters must be signed and typed
    double-spaced: however, names may to eS eanEyTtterreS n

Heading: ^
Content: and offensive language. Office: Focht Printing Co.. 229 Market Btreet. 5M-4221
    Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221 moments of a very impressive voice range.
    He also has a foxy piano player. I guess what I liked best about him was his
    very last line before he walked off initally: "  We do, we do, we do make
    music." One last aside to think about. The University seems to be suffering
    from an Encore Syndrome. What is it about every pop act that steps onto toe
    magical makeshift Davis Gym stage that instills them with such incredible
    and predictable crowd-moving powers?

Heading: I
Content: mean every one gets the Standing 0 . But then, it's up to you . . . .  it
    depends how culture-starved you are. All right, tossing aside value judg
    ments, I can't complain. Both acts were good. I dug the concert. Every body
    involved seemed to come off looking really good this time around.

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Appropriations
Content: Student organizations wishing to apply for additional appropriations or for
    programming funds should contact Chuck Resnick at 3515 or at box B623.

Heading: Play Tryouts
Content: Tryouts for Tennessee Williams' GLASS MENAGERIE will be held in Coleman HaU
    Theatre on March 14 (7-10 p.m .); March 15 (6:30-8 p.m .); and March 16
    (7-10 p.m.).

Heading: Committee
Content: Any students interested in serving on the University Senate Conference Committee
    contact the ABS office (3150), Bob Nachshin, or Russ Pais.

Heading: Fireside
Content: Mr. Zeller will have a Fireside at his home on Thursday, at 7:30 p.m. His topic
    is " The Survival of the Private University."  Interested stu dents should
    contact the C.A.

Heading: Carey House
Content: Applications for residence in Carey House, i. e., International House, are
    available in Carey House lounge Feb. 15 to Mar. 15. Applicants may be men or
    women and, although language majors must be considered first, all in
    terested students are urged to ap ply. If there are further questions,
    please contact Professor Fouche (1120) or Chellie Colio (1318).

Heading: Unsoeld
Content: 

Heading: Child Aiders
Content: (Continued from Page 1) riculum in which students take only one course in place
    of toe usual four or five. It is Unsoeld's conviction that ed ucation is
    more easily gained out side the formal classroom structure. For example, his
    students spent toe initial two weeks of the past se mester hiking and
    camping to toe wilderness. There will be an overnight dissua sion trip to
    Cowan with Willi Un soeld this Saturday. Its purpose will be extensive
    discussion and criti cism of " the Unsoeld educational philosophy"  with
    members of toe University faculty and student body. Those interested should
    contact toe C.A. for further information. On Sunday night at eight o'clock
    in Vaughan Lit. Auditorium, Un soeld will present slides and ex planatory
    discussion of his Everest expedition. . At seven o'clock Monday night in New
    Dorm Pit, Unsoeld will hold a fireside discussion of his educational ideas.
    All interested members of the University community are in vited to attend.
    (Continued from Page 1) the service station operated by Mr. Black. The class
    received an information letter from the regional head quarters, with a
    personal sketch about toe 14-year-son, Ronnie, and his family. The class
    then sent a letter to toe family. No response came. " It was then that we
    started to get discouraged,"  Sengstack said. " There was no communication
    from either SCF or the family indicating that toe money was being used."
    After sending several letters to

Heading: SCF
Content: requesting information, toe class received a notice that toe money had been
    spent. However, the Black's business was reported not to have improved,
    though the funds were allocated, indicating lack of concern or follow-up on
    toe part of toe SCF. In addition, the class was plagued with form letters
    requesting more assistance, despite toe class agree ment with SCF to give
    only one contribution.

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D
Content: 

Heading: H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: p r o f e s s io n a l s
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FO R  TOTALLY CON FID EN TIAL INFORM ATION.

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: Sengstack concluded by saying, " We learned a lot--it's hard to deal with
    assistance organizations. This experience could have been a lot more
    satisfying for toe class. We tried, but there wasn't much re sponse."

Heading: New Professors
Content: (Continued from Page 1) oratory in Silver Spring, Md., and an assistant
    professor of electrical engineering at the University of Maryland since
    October. Michael P. Dooley, an instructor in economics at Penn State Uni
    versity for toe past two years, is serving as a visiting assistant pro
    fessor of economics during the spring semester. Recipient of a bachelor of
    science degree from Duquesne University and a master of arts degree from the
    University of Delaware, Pro fessor Dooley has done additional graduate work
    at Penn State since 1967.

Heading: SUNBURY, PA.
Content: 

Heading: Education Lecture
Content: Dr. Levin, professor of psy chology, will speak on " Liberal Education as a
    Preparation for 50 Years of Self-Education"  in the University Lounge
    Wednesday at 7:30 p.m.

Heading: Employment
Content: Miss Catherine Cattell '70 will be on campus to discuss employment opportunities
    in the General Services Administration of the federal government.
    Appointments may be made through the Place ment Office.

Heading: ABS At-Large
Content: Any student interested hi running for the offices of class president, vice
    president, or secretary-treasur er, or for the office of ABS at-large
    member, please contact Russ Pais at 3150 or 1526.

Heading: Teachers
Content: The National Teacher Examina tions will be given here on April 3. Registration
    must be forwarded to Princeton no later than March 11. Students desiring
    more information should contact Dr. Walter Sauvain in the education
    department or write the National Teacher Exam inations, Educational Testing
    Ser vice, Box 911, Princeton, N.J.

Heading: S T R M I D
Content: 

Heading: 3  Never Sang,
Content: 

Heading: 3or N g  3ath er
Content: 

Heading: DON'T MISS IT
Content: 

Heading: -- Judith Crist
Content: 

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: ! AAon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri.-Sat. - - - 9:00 - 1:00 p.m.
Content: j

Heading: Sunday - - - - 7:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O PEN
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: 

Heading: Tue. - Thur. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. - Sat. - 11 am. - 1:30 am.
Content: 

Heading: Sun. - Mon. - 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg,
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of living............You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: CLASS OF 71 PRESENTS
Content: 

Heading: COMING APART
Content: 

Heading: Rip Torn, Sally Kirkland
Content: 

Heading: Music by ieflerson Airplane
Content: 

Heading: "Slug. it. Audience with Mew. << * * ! ! ! * PS ! 2 . .
Content: 

Heading: A Vivid
Content: D ocum ent e f

Heading: Our
Content: S tW ic.ll,

Heading: "Genuinely Erotic"
Content: 

Heading: Cue Magazine
Content: 

Heading: W EDNESDAY, MARCH 10 ,19 71
Content: 

Heading: VAUGHAN LIT. ~  8:00 p.m . -- 75t
Content: 

Heading: CAP AND DAGGER
Content: 

Heading: p r e s e n t s
Content: 

Heading: EURIPIDES'
Content: 

Heading: The Trojan Women
Content: 

Heading: ADAPTED BY JEAN-PAUL SARTRE
Content: 

Heading: Coleman Hall Theatre
Content: 

Heading: March 11,12,13 at 8:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: ALSO MARCH 13 AT 2:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: TICKETS -  $1.75 AMD $2.00
Content: 

Heading: At
Content: 

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: Bookstore or
Content: 

Heading: A t The Door
Content: 

Heading: $1.00 Student Discount Available with ID.
Content: 

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MARCH 9, 1971 MARCH 9, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: #MfeMlM lam iM M RM tM M M m M lH M M M M aM M M M M NIM M M M #MMOMMMMMMMMlMI

Heading: Swimmers Capture Conference Crown
Content: By MARK KNODERER The 1971 swimming season, dedi- :ated to reclaiming the MAC
    title, became a glorious success last weekend as the Bisons demolished the
    rest of the conference. Not only did the tankers steamroll a favor ed Lehigh
    squad by 32 points, but ished in 1:52.1. His finest hour, however, came in
    the 1650 freestyle. Leading for the entire race, Mike won by twenty seconds
    and broke Greg Olson's record by over six seconds, finish ing in 17:48.8.
    Junior Peter O'Keeffe was unstop pable, as he picked up five gold medals in
    three days. On Thursday he overhauled Lehigh's Alan Mc Gregor on the last
    lap to win the 500 free with a time of 1:01.2. On Friday he won the 200 fre
    in a blistering 1:45.8, breaking his old record by two seconds and coming
    within 0.5 seconds of Jim Whelan's MAC record. That same night he anchored
    the 800 freestyle relay, and began about twenty feet behind Temple's Joe
    Walent. The entire crowd rose to their feet to watch the inevitable result.
    O'Keeffe caught Walent with three laps to go, and won by ten ed out Lehigh's
    Hogan by thirteen one thousandths of a second to set a new MAC record of
    21.541. In the 100 yard breastroke, a stroke he had not swum all year, he
    touch ed out Lehigh's star, Charles O'- Loughlin by three one thousandths of
    a second, setting a new Bucknell record of 1:02.334. in the process. He also
    placed fourth in the 100 yard butterfly and when leading off the 400
    freestyle relay team, he set a new freshman record (48.5) and put the team
    well on their way to a new MAC record in that event. Bucknell's magnificent
    trio of breaststrokers (Bob Rasmussen, Charley Wilf, and Matt Slick) and
    backstrokers (Paul Landes, Bob Young, and Dute Otto) qualified in both of
    the breaststroke and backstroke events, respectively, and effectively
    nullified Lehigh's strength in the butterfly events. Friday's events saw the
    Bisons Peter O'Keeffe proved to be the Bison's big gun as the swimming ace
    picked up five gold medals in crucial contests. (photo by Bob Arnold) they
    set eight school and two MAC records in the process. The final score showed
    Bucknell with 143 points and Lehigh with 111. Temple and LaSalle followed
    far behind in third and fourth places respectively. The meet featured
    incredible per formances by all of the participat ing teams, as eight of the
    eighteen MAC records fell during the meet, including three by LaSalle's
    Geoff Meyer (20 I.M.,, 400 I.M., and 200 backstroke). The others were by
    Temple's Reid King (20 backstroke) and Don Al len (1 meter diving), Lehigh's
    Phil Hogan (10 butterfly), West Chester's Ron Daley (3 meter diving), and
    Bucknell's Steve Winings (50 free) and 400 freestyle relay team. A stellar
    performance by senior co-captain Mike Huffman started the Bisons on their
    way. In the first event, the 500 yard freestyle, Mike shocked everyone in
    Temple's natatorium by finishing in 5:06.3, his best time by over ten
    seconds. In the finals, he placed third. In the 200 freestyle an equally
    shocking 1:50.9 again placed him in the finals, where he was well on the way
    to duplicate that time un til he missed his last turn and fin- Freshman
    Steve Winings shows the form in practice that helped break an MAC record in
    the 50 yard freestyle. Steve has proven to be a versatile swimmer this year
    as he has won three medals in three different strokes. (photo by Bob Arnold)
    feet. His time: 1:45.0. On Saturday he outdueled Dela ware's Bob DeYoung and
    Lehigh's Phil Hogan to win a crucial race in the 100 yard freestyle, and
    anchored the record - setting freestyle relay team. Freshman Steve Winings
    was per haps the most versatile swimmer of the meet as he earned medals in
    three different strokes and set four records. In the 50 yard freestyle he
    touch-

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    A small fee is charged move into a narrow 31-30 lead over Lehigh, with
    Temple and LaSalle having an equally vicious fight for third place. The
    Engineers took the lead for the first and only time in the meet

Heading: FREE INFORMATION
Content: 

Heading: SAFE. LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T I O N
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: Scheduled Immediately
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 8562
Content: 

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: 

Heading: CERTIFIED
Content: 

Heading: ABORTON REFERRAL
Content: 

Heading: All Inquiries Confidential
Content: by placing 1-3 in the 200 butterfly.

Heading: A
Content: surprising finalist, Bucknell's Gary Norton, placed fourth with a fine time of
    2:10.2. O'Keeffe's crush ing victory and Huffman's sixth place finish in the
    20 free brought the Bisons to within three points. Then Winings, Slick, and
    Wilf placed 1-4-5 in the 100 breast, and the Bisons moved into the lead. The
    backstroke trio placed 2-5-6 in the 100 back, and the divers (Bob Richards
    and Ron Farr) served the cause by eliminating Lehigh's Tom Dillman from the
    finals of the 1-meter event, and placing fifth and sixth themselves. Bob
    Rasmussen then set a school record (4:35.5) in the 400 IM, plac ing second
    for the second year in The 800 freestyle relay, however, was the turning
    point of the meet. Last year the disqualification of this relay cost the
    Bisons ten points, and placed them 21 points behind Lehigh going into
    Saturday's events. This time, however, O'Keef fe's magnificent anchor leg
    won the event, and the Engineers weak fourth place finished placed them
    those same 21 points behind, the Bi sons, 84-63. On Saturday the Bisons
    quickly broke the meet wide open, as Huff man and Gary Norton swept the
    1650, and the 21 point Bison lead became 33. O'Keeffe and Krohmer place d 1-
    5 in the 100 free, and the back- stroke trio's 4-5-6 finish in the 20 back
    increased the margin to 40. The 200 breastroke was the great est head-to-
    head confrontation of the meet, as the Bisons qualified their trio of
    Rasmussen, Wilf, and Slick, and Lehigh qualified their freshman aces,
    Charles O'Loughlin and Jim Stine. O'Loughlin won (2:17.34), but was closely
    followed by Rasmussen (2: 19:41--his second record), Stine, Wilf and Slick.
    Lehigh's 1-2-3 sweep of the 10 butterfly then cut the lead to 25. Bob
    Richards placed third in the 3-meter diving and Ron Farr placed fifth. The
    final event of the meet was the 400 frestyle relay, and as Paul Landes later
    stated, " their was no way we were going to lose that re lay." From the
    firing of the gun Win- , ings (48.5) was in the lead, and Krohmer (49.5) and
    Landes (48.5) increased it further. When O'Keef- fee entered the water he
    had a huge lead, and his blazing finish (47.0) completed a new school, pool,
    and MAC record of 3:13..6. A beaming Dick Russell accepted the championship
    plaque but was unable to comment because his voice was hoarse from three
    days of cheering. He quickly handed it back, however, as the team threw him
    and diving coach Ronn Jenkins in the pool. His year of striving for
    perfection is over and the MAC championship is back at Bucknell where it
    belongs.

Heading: Silco Store
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: N C
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: -FOR MEN-
Content: 

Heading: MR. WRANGLER
Content: 

Heading: J E A N S
Content: 

Heading: lean cut and flairs
Content: 

Heading: $
Content: 

Heading: 5 . 9 8
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER in EUROPE for $199M
Content: 28-- N e w  Y o r k  to A m ste rd a m h  J u n e  2 to A u g u s t

Heading: 8
Content: (R ound Trip)

Heading: X
Content: 

Heading: CALL SA LLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477
Content: g

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: 8  (Open only to Bucknell Students and Educational Staff-- g Price Based on 60
    Seats)

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: __________________________________
Content: _____________ CUP MID SAVE.

Heading: LOW COST, SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: SCHEDULED IMMEDIATELY
Content: (212)490-3600 R0FESSI0NAL SCHEDULING SERVICE, IRC 545 Fifth Ave., New York City
    10017 j There is a fee for our service. |

Heading: ClasSy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: SKIIS FOR SALE: One pair Head 320E's, length 193cm. Excellent condition, skied
    on only 4 mos. See Bill Bachman, 215 Larison, ! Phone 1158 before March 19.
    FOR SALE -- 1967 Volkswagen bus, j reasonably priced. Call 524-9663. j FOR
    SALE -- 1966 Honda 90, 1000 miles, passed N.J. inspection, also 2 helmets,
    goggles and visor. Call Libby 524-0338.

Heading: FOR SALE -- SPINET
Content: 

Heading: PIANO,
Content: Wanted, responsible party to take over a spinet piano. Easy terms available. Can
    be seen locally. Write Credit Manager, P.O. Box 35, Cortland, Ohio 44410.

Heading: THE BU CKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: MARCH 9, 1971 -

Heading: -------
Content: 

Heading: BEDS MADE BY ALPHA PHI
Content: 

Heading: PLEDGES
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: ft
Content: 

Heading: MARCH 9 --
Content: 

Heading: 1 6
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: 25c
Content: All Proceeds Go To The Heart Fund

Heading: Check Your Linen Station For Details
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: A J
Content: 

Heading: CAM PU S
Content: ------

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: -----

Heading: POST ON
Content: 

Heading: BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: STARTS WEDNESDAY
Content: 

Heading: "If you see nothing
Content: 

Heading: else this year,
Content: 

Heading: you must see
Content: 

Heading: It will not, I think,
Content: 

Heading: memory!"
Content: -- PICHKPO SCHICKEL. Lit* COLUMBIA PICTURES Presents a BBS Production.

Heading: JACK NICHOLSON a> FIVE EASY PIECES
Content: >>.<<- Karen Black and Susan AnspaCh * screenplay by Adrien Joyce * Siory by Bob
    Raltison and Adrien Joyce Produced by Bob Rafetson and Richard Wechsier *
    Executive Producer 8en Schneider ____________ _ Directed by Bob Raleison *
    COLOR ir i . >> # << << . << ......... |

Heading: Juniata College
Content: in a sso c ia tio n  w ith

Heading: Music Productions of Boston
Content: P resen ts I n C o n c e rt

Heading: TheByrds
Content: 

Heading: THE MANHATTAN TRANSFER
Content: Memorial Gymnasium/ Juniata College Friday/ March 12/ 8:00 P.M. Tickets/ $4.00
    Advance/ $5.00 At The Door

Heading: Tickets Available At The Bookstore
Content: 

Heading: For Information Call 814-643-4310
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME
Content: 

Heading: LXXni
Content: 

Heading: -- NO. 36
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. MARCH 12, 1971
Content: 

Heading: 'Clu BuckneIlian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: 24-Hour Open Dorms
Content: 

Heading: Non-Action Plagues A B S
Content: 

Heading: Tragedy of War
Content: Hecuba (Terry Ellis) confronts Menalaus (Charles Pollack) and Helen of Troy
    (Nancy Henry) with her grief in Euripedes' tragedy, TROJAN WOMEN. The
    curtain will go up at 8:30 p.m. with a matinee performance tomorrow at 2
    p.m. Tickets may be purchased at the Bookstore or at the boxoffice. By SUZIE
    GRANT In response to President Charles Watt's refusal to immediately con
    sider the issue of dorm autonomy, the ABS has decided to hold a campus-wide
    open, forum to discuss the matter. The forum, to be held Wednesday, March
    17, will review possible responses to the Presi dent's non-action. " What
    the ABS does next week can have very serious consequences regarding stu dent
    influence in the University," stated the new ABS President, Bob Nachshin.
    Other business at the meeting in cluded the passage of a motion for the
    student body to elect to the Board of Trustees of the University

Heading: Questions Institutional Goals
Content: 

Heading: Provost Examines Education's Dilemma
Content: " Some of the problems we face, as well as other small colleges, are that we are
    too small to be success ful, do not offer as comprehensive a program, and
    are enrolling a de creasing proportion of the popula tion as time goes on,"
    said Dr. Wendell I. Smith, University Pro vost. His lecture, entitled " Will
    the Private University Survive"  is the third in a series of C.A. sponsored
    lectures about education. Smith pro- vided another view of the supposed
    failing private residential institu tion. As provost, Dr. Smith is largely
    connected with the problems facing the University as well as its faculty.
    Dr. Smith's discussion mainly con cerned the University, or as some may call
    it, the University's demise regarding its educational effective ness.
    Another important problem he mentioned was the duplication in college of
    both secondary school

Heading: Distinguished Third World Speakers
Content: 

Heading: Lecture on Socioeconomic Problems
Content: By CAROLYN PERNICE One of the highlights of the Third World week-end will be the
    scores of visiting professors and guest speak ers who will be coming to talk
    about the under-developed countries of Asia, Africa, and Latin America. Four
    of these visiting lecturers will be Stanley D. Metzger, Ralph Zacklin,
    Edisson Osorio, and John Herbert Badgley. Metzger, presently a professor of
    law at Georgetown University Law Center, will speak on his concern with
    economic problems of develop ment. He hopes that his " interests and work
    have been toward trade and aid with under-developed countries, looking
    toward their accelerated <<  economic development and effective political
    independence." In his role as assistant legal ad visor for the State
    Department from 1946-60, he served as advisor to the U.S. delegation which
    established the Inter-American Development Bank in 1959. He also served on
    the delegation which negotiated to es- tablish the International Develop
    ment Association. In addition to serving as con sultant for the agencies of
    the State Department, Metzger is presently an honorary member of the Mexican
    Academy of Law and Culture and a member of the American Society for
    International Law. He has also published a book, Trade Between 'Have' and
    'Have- Not' Countries and served as author of UNCTAD, the American Journal
    of International Law. Zacklin is from the Rutgers Uni versity School of Law
    in Newark, New Jersey where he teaches public international law. He is
    particularly concerned with the role of the international com munity, as
    represented by the United Nations, in the affairs of the underdeveloped
    nations of Africa, Asia and South America. Concerning this topic, he has
    written several books of which he is best known for The Amendment of the
    Constitutive Instruments of (Continued on Page 4) and graduate school
    courses. The University could be cited however, as having less duplication
    than most other colleges. Assuming that the University will remain a private
    institution, that its financial base and status will be secure, and that the
    private resi dential college retains its place in society, Smith questioned
    the goals of this institution. He stated " the institution should become a
    center for experimenta tion"  and a place where goals de veloped by the
    students themselves " are visible." " Older people are unable to ac cept
    change"  was a statement by Dr. Smith directed towards the fac ulty. He
    continued, " Learning to live with change is absolutely necessary, but we
    should not institutionalize each change as if next year it were tradition."
    Smith stressed, " We should com mit ourselves to be heterogeneous, as an
    institution not insuring elitism." " The ability to pay"  should not be so
    vital in attempting to provide the University with a more diverse student
    body."  However, he con tinued, " this will necessitate more status
    support." The provost presented some ideas he felt would benefit the
    University as a place of higher learning. " Bucknell's degree program is too
    restrictive,"  he said, " because degrees had to be completed within a
    certain period of time." " A three-year program would benefit students with
    little or no direction, while a longer program might be more suitable for
    other individuals,"  he said. He also suggested that orienta tion, credit
    for work outside of (Continued on Page 4) a graduating senior each spring to
    serve a term of three years. Even tually three recent graduates will be on
    the Board. " I wasn't at all surprised, but I was disappointed,"  commented
    Bob Nachshin concerning President Watt's letter. Nachshin suggested these
    possible courses of action for the ABS to take involving dorm and fraternity
    regulations: 1. To encourage the living units to declare themselves
    autonomous; 2. To wait until the results of a questionnaire concerning this
    come in and then go to the President with an ABS recommendation. If the
    President does not approve it, dorm autonomy can then be called for or no
    action can be taken; 3. To wait for the results of the questionnaire and
    then abide by them; 4. To call for the question of 24- hour dorms to be
    decided and acted upon individually. In February, the ABS had passed a
    motion calling for the President to grant dorm autonomy until such time as
    the regulations governing visitation and co-ed facilities could be lifted.
    In his reply to this, Watts asked that the ABS wait for the Student Affairs
    Committee questionnaire to be tabulated and evaluated. He stated that if the
    recommendations which would be made to him by April 12 were extremely
    encourag ing, he would be prompted to look into it. This could take a
    consider able amount of time. There is a possible misunderstand ing or
    contradiction as to the origin al use of the questionnaire and the
    'referendum' that President Watts termed it to be. Several ABS mem bers
    doubted that the students knew how important the questionnaire may become.
    ABS members attended confer ences in Chicago and at Penn State last weekend,
    involving student gov ernment, younger trustees, and lob bying in Harrisburg
    for funds for Pennsylvanian colleges and universi ties. Individuals
    interested in a meeting to organize lobbying for private college funds
    should contact Tom Wells or Roy Grossman.

Heading: Assembly Appropriates Money
Content: 

Heading: For Delinquent University Aid
Content: By ROBERT BITTERLICH John Hayward, Director of Fi nancial Aid expressed his
    opinion that students who have been threat ened by the loss of PHEAA student
    aid can " stop worrying."  What prompted this optimism was a letter from
    Pennsylvania's Governor Milton Shapp. Shapp reports that he has just signed
    " a bill passed by the General Assembly of the Commonwealth which includes a
    three and one half percent personal income tax for residents of the
    Commonwealth." The funds received through this tax will enable the State to
    pay it's debts to the Universities as well as to operate the State
    government until June 1972. At this point, the legislation has been passed
    by the Senate 44-2, and is being prepared for action in the House of
    Representatives. The Gov ernor reports that the act has his full support. If
    this act is passed, Shapp promises " that the PHEAA will be in a position to
    distribute funds to your institution as soon as legisla tion can be enacted
    appropriating the money, and payments can be processed. Mr. Hayward sees the
    purpose of the letter as two-fold. Initially, the Governor wishes to
    publicize his actions and opinions on this issue and, secondly, he wants to
    reassure Universities and students that funds will be forthcoming. Many
    schools had set April 15 as the deadline for the state to pay and then they
    would demand the students to pay the balance due themselves. Although our
    University has set no deadline, they do suffer the loss of interest the
    money could be earn ing this semester. Although the Office of Business and
    Finance will have to work around this deficit, he feels sure the cash will
    be received soon enough to avoid any permanent damage.

Heading: KYC Theatre Group
Content: 

Heading: Perforins 'Terminal'
Content: " Terminal,"  the latest work of Open Theatre, an experimental theatre group
    from New York City, will be presented at the University on Monday, March 15
    at 8:30 p.m. The Open Theatre began 8 years ago under the direction of
    Joseph Chaikin, a former member of the Living Theatre and is considered by
    many to be the finest group of its kind in the country. In 1963 Chaikin,
    dissatisfied with conventional modes of expression in theatre, began a long
    term ex periment in an effort to break new aesthetic ground. With a group of
    about thirty-five (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: University Support Uncertain for Campaign GM -1971
Content: By JACK SCHMIDT President Charles Watts has re ceived a letter from the Project
    on Corporate Responsibility, request ing his support in Campaign GM- Round

Heading: II,
Content: an effort to make American corporations more re sponsive to society's needs. In
    an interview with the Bucknel- lian on March 9, Watts commented on (what the
    project has termed), an attempt to " give the university and other General
    Motors share holders a continuing opportunity to exercise their
    responsibilities of ownership." The University presently has 6,869 shares in
    GM worth over half a million dollars. However, this represents a relatively
    minor per centage of the total GM shares. Earlier in the year, Watts travel
    ed to Detroit to talk with GM of ficials about GM's response to " social
    issues."  He said his trip had been " very interesting"  and that he had
    found real evidences that GM was taking the issues of social re sponsibility
    very seriously." Watts said he could receive no clear answers from GM on
    what Watts called fundamental issues -- how does a private corporation ex
    press its sense of social responsi bility? Specifically, the Project is
    asking the universities to vote their GM stock in favor of three new share
    holder resolutions that the Project will introduce at GM's annual meet ing
    on May 21 in Detroit. Campaign GM has said that if the proposals pass, they
    " would have a funda mental impact on GM's decision making process. Last
    year, the University's stocks were voted with management, but a letter was
    sent to GM by Watts, expressing concern that GM make itself more responsive
    to social pressure. In a BuckneUian interview with John Zeller, Vice-
    President of Ad ministration and Finance, Zeller commented that he expected
    no administrator of the University to present the case for Campaign GM to
    the trustees. Trustees Must Decide The executive committee of the trustees
    will be meeting in New York in about one month for a regular meeting. If the
    University is to change its vote from support of management, the decision
    has to be made at this time. Watts said, in the interview, that he was
    obligated to report to the trustees on his trip to Detroit. Dur ing the
    report, he thought it entire ly possible that he might mention Campaign GM.
    However, he also seemed reluctant to press strongly for trustee action in
    support of the Project. Watts said he is concerned with the " large sources
    of power"  in the country, and the possibility that corporations may someday
    " overt ly"  establish the values of the so- ciety. The Proposals The first
    Campaign GM proposal would transform the now closed selection of directors
    into a real election simply by requiring GM to list on its proxy candidates
    nomin ated by shareholder petitions; only candidates nominated by manage
    ment are listed there now. All share holders thus would have the op
    portunity to make meaningful nomi nations and to choose among op posing
    nominees. The second proposal would give three of GM's most important con
    stituencies -- consumers, dealers, and employees -- a voice in GM's
    decision-making process by permitt- ( Continued on Page 5)

Heading: A Time for Openness
Content: 

Heading: The Provost has approved Profes
Content: 

Heading: sor Richard Drinnon's recommendation
Content: 

Heading: that Professor Mortimer Cushman's con
Content: 

Heading: tract not be renewed. There is consider
Content: 

Heading: able doubt in the minds of many mem
Content: 

Heading: bers of the academic community con
Content: 

Heading: cerning the underlying reasons for this
Content: 

Heading: dismissal. The time has come for com
Content: 

Heading: plete disclosure of all facts concerning
Content: 

Heading: the matter.
Content: 

Heading: ,.
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: Drinnon has provided this rationale
Content: 

Heading: for his actions: first, the quality of his
Content: 

Heading: tory taught by Cushman, exemplified m
Content: 

Heading: his doctoral thesis, is not acceptable,
Content: 

Heading: second, Cushman is not sufficiently con
Content: 

Heading: cerned with students' problems; and
Content: 

Heading: third, his contributions to and coopera
Content: 

Heading: tion in the work of the department have
Content: 

Heading: not been adequate. Drinnon has restated
Content: 

Heading: these points time and again.
Content: 

Heading: During the first part of this se
Content: 

Heading: mester, a letter was printed in The Buck-
Content: 

Heading: nellian on behalf of
Content: 

Heading: 80
Content: 

Heading: per cent of
Content: 

Heading: Cushman's former students refuting the
Content: 

Heading: contentions that he is unconcerned with
Content: 

Heading: students. There is reason to believe that
Content: 

Heading: all members of the history department
Content: 

Heading: were not consulted regarding the matter
Content: 

Heading: of Cushman's dismissal. Students were
Content: 

Heading: not consulted at all.
Content: 

Heading: Cushman has been here five years.
Content: 

Heading: The areas in which he is interested and
Content: 

Heading: the fields in which he is concentrating
Content: 

Heading: were known to the department before
Content: 

Heading: Cushman was hired. W hy are questions
Content: 

Heading: regarding his focus in history being
Content: 

Heading: raised only now?
Content: 

Heading: Many members of the community
Content: 

Heading: have found Drinnon's rationale inade
Content: 

Heading: quate and superficial. Serious questions
Content: 

Heading: are being raised concerning academic
Content: 

Heading: freedom.
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: , .,
Content: 

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: We call upon Drinnon and the Pro
Content: 

Heading: vost to disclose all information regard
Content: 

Heading: ing this matter. If indeed there are no
Content: 

Heading: other issues at stake, then a careful re-
Content: 

Heading: evaluation of the decision should be
Content: 

Heading: made. If further evidence exists concern
Content: 

Heading: ing the validity of Cushman's dismissal,
Content: 

Heading: it should be disclosed at this time. The
Content: 

Heading: concerns and fears of the academic com
Content: 

Heading: munity cannot go unanswered.
Content: 

Heading: etters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: Foreign Languages
Content: An Open Letter to Professor Edger- ton -- Dear Boss, I appreciated very much
    your article in Friday's BUCKNELLIAN on the different perspectives re ceived
    by immersing oneself in foreign cultures and the effect such experiences
    have on achieving world brotherhood while maintaining a world of diversity.
    I personally find it hard to understand the attitude of those who aspire us
    to interna tional brotherhood while insisting that their personal
    international ex periences be americanized through translation. To demand
    that a foreigner com municate himself to us in English is to demand that he
    or someone else americanize that particular in tercultural interpersonal
    experience for us. To speak German to a Ger man, on the other hand, is to
    de-

Heading: Focus: The Draft
Content: 

Heading: * DEM'BEW-
Content: 

Heading: V
Content: Editor's note: The following position paper was submitted by Captain V J Tedesco
    Jr., of the Military Science Program. It was prepared by the Association of
    the United States Army, aadis since the Congress must, by early summer,
    extend the current Selectiv Service laws if the draft is to continue. The
    AUSA is an official organization within th eA n n y ^ fin a n c e s
    lobbyists to promote its interests. Members are both active and retired Army
    personnel. The Association of the United States Army is firmly convinced
    that the defense of the United States requires that a s u b ^ a n b a i^ o n
    of toe voung men of the country must serve, at some time, in the Arm
    edforces. We ? 1  further that it is unlikely that the manpower Armed
    Services can be met, at least for the foreseeable future, entirely by
    voluntary enlistments. We therefore reiterate the position we took

Heading: m
Content: our 1970 resolution that Selective Service legislation must be extend<<! until
    such time as actual experience has proven that qualified personnel in
    sufficient numbers, properly distributed within t h e

Heading: . nutai
Content: img the National Guard and Army Reserve, can be provided without the mo tivation
    of Selective Service. We strongly support every effort to that the need to
    draft anyone can one day be el. f 1(r) at^ n *  g0al is m reach an all-
    volunteer force has a long way to go. Until that goal is reached we feel it
    is essential that a viable, fully operational Selective Service System
    remain in force. The national safety requires it. In taking such a firm
    position in support of Selective Service extension AUSA is mindful of the
    very active efforts under way ^ ^ ^ ^ . " 'these the challenge and
    attractiveness of military service. We support these degHowever thus far the
    total efforts in this direction have been those undertaken by the services
    themselves, a The Armv has recognized that there are a high number of
    actions wmcn , i j u,, undertaken which involve little cost and do not
    require S 2 l r e p r e i a m m 2 g  or ne^ money. Many long standing
    customs and nrectkes K a high irritant quotient with no corresponding
    usefulness fn the modem Army! These should be and many are being eliminated.
    Such actions contribute to making everyday life in the military more worth
    while and attractive. The Army should and is making a greater effdeg rt |deg
    m" e^ ! fessionalism in the military. The young people who at U m i mdrtary
    as a possible career should see clearly more challenge and responsibility
    than ^ v i s i b l e  in the past. Today's young ^ ^ m e n ^ of dedication,
    adaptability, and sensitiveness to the needs of his men even ? e a w l S n
    >>a s  needed in the past. It will take a p ir fe m u D , ing organization
    to attract the type of young leader the Army_ needs. g With all the changes
    and experiments which

Heading: tv
Content: !*6

Heading: Armv^can^exercise
Content: taken there are other key ingredients, over which the Army can exercise only
    minimal control, that will be needed in any plan

Heading: to
Content: reach a zero draft Among other things these involve public attitudes about the
    mditary and the consistent appropriation by Congress of the additional money
    which will be necessary to get at the root problems of declining service
    attractive- ^ in c re a s e d  pay (including expanded pro-pay for the
    proved housing, medical and dental service, insurance, equitable retoe- ment
    benefits modem equipments, and relief from menial non-military tasks are
    some of the items that will require substantial appropriation if S ey are to
    make military service competitive with civilian bfe for tfae high-type young
    people our Services require. For example it is estimated that civilianizing
    kitchen police would cost about $115 million a y . give our soldiers
    increased privacy in their barracks is estimated ^  cost ft least $50
    million. Young people do not contend with these irritations in C1 One11ifP
    thiTreasons we feel so strongly about the extension of Selective Service* is
    our apprehension that it will take a considerable P time before
    appropriations of the size required will be passed by Congress. is >> T e >>
    t  reservoir oi esteem trnd

Heading: m i
Content: in Congress there are in its membership many vocal anti-militarists. There is
    also amongst those in Congress who are frim dlyto thermlitary Services, an
    openly expressed cynicism or doubt about the efficacy or practicability of
    an AU-Vounteer Force. In this climate our visualization of gradual, long-
    term effort to reach the goal of zero draft seems to be rCalThere is another
    basic problem which cannot be

Heading: solved
Content: by the Services alone and that is the attitude of many Americans, particularly
    the yoimg. towsf'd military Service. Public esteem for our Armed Services
    has readied a low ebb Hopefully, some of the program now underway in the
    Services will improve matters. Probably the further wind-down of the war m V
    iet nam will moderate some of the virulence which has been so unjustly di-
    (Continued on Page 3) "Boy, Just lik e the real thing........1 doubt i f  i
    t ' l l  ever get o ff the ground!" ___________ mand a temporary
    germanization of ourselves--a new trip for most of us. I can see our way of
    life as a nation changing in the same direc tion our personal lives are
    chang ing: while all the time making greater demands on others, our in
    situations and our environment, wo are on the whole making fewer and fewer
    on ourselves. Ours is the loss, as a nation and as individuals. The only way
    we will be able to achieve a happy level of interna tional brotherhood is by
    willfully changing ourselves into individuals who care for peoples of other
    cul tures enough to master the humility and courage to learn their language.
    Anyone who has had the experience cannot forget the delight of a foreigner
    (a real one; for instance, a Parisian) upon discovering an American who has
    learned to speak their language. It is a special kind of love--immediate,
    classless and healing. It is the very stuff hope is made from. Planetary
    peace involves more than everybody's hugging and kiss ing and balling each
    other, better though that is than -- ing each other as we are doing in
    Indochina and the Middle East. Although poli ticians are especially culpable
    in prolonging international disputes, I suspect that intercultural conflicts
    11 are ultimately at the bottom of all >> '  I our problems. Political
    change will

Heading: I
Content: inevitably follow wide - spread change in our individual selves. And as
    individuals we need to make more overt acts of affection toward our fellow
    man and demonstrate a deeper respect for his cultures. Un dertaking foreign
    language study before traveling abroad is such a radical act. In peace,
    Robert E. Beard The Program in Russian

Heading: IN RESPONSE: Grades
Content: I * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * To the Editor: Mr. deBenedictis (Bucknel-
    lian, March 5) shares a common misperception about the purpose of grades. It
    is perhaps true that for some students the grade is an end in itself, a spur
    without which they would do nothing. For such stu dents the grade is a
    useful tool, although it can become a crutch. But this is not the primary
    pur pose of grades. For those who feel the need to excell, to actualize the
    potential that is in them, the grade is simply a convenient means of keeping
    score, a rough measure of progress. Such students would do well with or
    without grades. In psychological terms, the distinction is between students
    motivated by the " need for achievement"  and those driven by a " fear of
    failure." Mr. deBenedictis also spoke of the purpose of the University: he
    asked

Heading: I
Content: whether we are here " just for the sake of learning" or for " a prepa ration for
    future material ven tures,"  a "hollow background."  Evi dently there has
    been a breakdown in communication. Nowhere in my article did I limit the
    applicability of my comments to material ven tures; the tenor of my article
    was that any venture in life requires habits of discipline, with which I am
    sure Mr. deBenedictis would agree. Furthermore, I do not see the validity of
    the purported distinction between learning " just for the sake of learning"
    and learning as a prep aration for life. In a meaningful education the two
    go hand in hand. Mr. deBenedictis simply assumes that he is right and
    accuses anyone who disagrees with him of seeing education as a " hollow back
    ground." Such " arguments" carry (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Concert Forum
Content: To the Editor: Monday, March 8, an open forum was held by the Concert Committee
    in Coleman 101-A. The response of the " concerned students"  of the Bucknell
    Community was quite sur prising. . . . The number of students that attended
    the meeting was matched by the number of Concert Committee members present.
    Comments, criticisms, and sug gestions were solicited by the Com mittee from
    those present, but due to the poor attendance the entire proceedings took
    less than half an hour. During the course of the dis cussion, it was
    suggested by a member of the Committee that an other forum be held soon
    after spring break. As one of the few present at the Concert Committee's
    first forum, I sincerely hope that those con cerned students"  whom we have
    heard from will take the time to come down of their soapboxes, whether
    public or private, and at tend the next meeting. They may learn something.
    After all, the only way for any (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: <E1je JSuckncUian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: at Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: 

Heading: S U SA N  PRESTON
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON
Content: 

Heading: Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: Editorial Board
Content: The Editorial Board meets at

Heading: 6:30
Content: 

Heading: on
Content: Monday and

Heading: 4:00
Content: on Friday in Hunt Form al Living Room. A ll in terested members of the academic
    community are welcome.

Heading: Comments?
Content: The BUCKNELLIAN is interested in receiving comments from all members of the
    community con cerning any topics of concern. Ad dress letters and columns to
    Edi torials Editor, BUCKNELLIAN. term paper to elicit the Structure of
    nonviolentpost Freudian conformational tendencies and to overcome the
    Barriers of PoliticoSocioEconomic Repression requires (necessitates, yea,
    even demands) that the uppermiddleclass Bucknell Student assimilate and
    regurgitate a massively ponderous slab of semisuperfluous pendantic verbiage
    and employ it for both purposes usually assigned to clothing: i.e. to
    protect andtoconceal. conversely extrapolated, sam going for his b.s.

Heading: CHARLES
Content: 

Heading: MUSSMAN
Content: Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: SCOTT GEBHARDT
Content: National Adv. Manager

Heading: STEVE BECKER
Content: 

Heading: DOUG BROWN
Content: 

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: Literary Editor

Heading: TOM NOVINGER
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: Circulation Manager Subscriptions Manager

Heading: DAVE STEIN
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: News Assistant e d it o r ia l b o a r d d e a n l a n d e w

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: 

Heading: DAVID WEINBERGER
Content: 

Heading: STEVE WYATT
Content: Of tic<<: Focht Printing Co.. *29 JJ" k e tS tr<<<<t, Consultant: Brad Tufts.
    524-1221 523-4221

Heading: Focus: The Draft
Content: 

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: (Continued from Page 2) rected at the military. But others outside the Services
    are going to have We urge that the Commander-in-Chief take a more active
    role using the full machinery of his administration to enhance the prestige
    of the Services. Congress can, of course, do a great deal not only through
    their appropriations, but by more actively and publicly refuting the
    garrulous minority who feel that there is political capital to be made by

Heading: vilifymg
Content: the military who cannot fight back. Leaders in business and industry can take a
    more active, positive and public posture in support of the military. But
    most of all, many members of the religious and academic com munities have
    the greatest responsibility to make restitution for the damage which they
    have done to the dedicated individuals who through their mili tary Service
    have shouldered the burdens of executing our national policy while they had
    no voice in its direction. The anti-military activities of (Continued from
    Page 2) committee to be open is to have those who would criticize it in
    stead join it. P. Cargill large numbers among the religious and academic
    communities have been a national scandal and have seriously demeaned their
    own institutions as well as doing grave injustice to those who serve their
    country as good citizens. We cannot have the All-Volunteer Force they
    profess to desire so passionately if they at the same time do all they can
    to discredit and vilify those who wear the uniform. If those who so ardently
    oppose Selective Service will channel a portion of their energies toward
    making military Service more prestigious and attractive, the day may come
    when the draft will no longer be needed. Until then, we Americans can't have
    it both ways. We can't insist that Selective Service must be abolished and
    fail to support those measures needed to create a Modem Volunteer Army.
    American colleges can't pro test their love of freedom and permit a radical
    minority on campus to de prive others of the freedom to choose a military
    profession through ROTC. And American citizens, for whose security the
    military serves, cannot fail to insist that military personnel be treated
    with decency, dignity and respect throughout our society. Involuntary
    military service has never been popular since its instiga tion in 1792.
    However, without it our country would have been lost. Much is being done to
    make military service less onerous, but such involuntary service through a
    viable, operative Selective Service System will be re quired until we have
    proven that we can maintain quality Armed Forces of sufficient size to meet
    our National Security requirements without it.

Heading: IN RESPONSE: Grades
Content: 

Heading: Pass - Fail
Content: To the Editor: It is often the case that ostensibly local or specialized issues
    turn out on close examination to be mani festations of larger universal ques
    tions. This, I believe, is the case concerning the question of whether
    Bucknell or any university should judge its students on a five letter scale
    or on a pass-fail basis. The grading system in high schools and colleges is
    part of a larger system of competition that is generally ac cepted as a
    central motivational force in our society. Whether in sports, war, business,
    social climb ing or grade-grabbing, as it stands now competition entails
    winning and losing. Admittedly we have produced an efficiency and affluency
    in which there are enough " winners" to maintain a steady stream of self
    proclamations of being " the great est nation on earth"  (paraphrased from
    off the side of a circus wagon). Perhaps if we were to suspend this lullaby
    for a moment, it would be come apparent to all that this nation rests on a
    disturbingly extensive base of victims--both foreign and domestic. It may be
    impossible for us as a nation to deal humanely with our prisoners, insane,
    addicts and al coholics, for to do so might well require an admission that
    we are hiding as many weaknesses of the " free enterprise" system as we are
    touting strengths of it. At present we are attending a surface defect-- the
    fact that at no level of society is the competition fair. Individual
    physical characteristics, political beliefs, religion, social background,
    national origin, sex and skin color are all decisive factors in determin ing
    success at any level of society (including the classroom). But this is
    merely a superficial fault. Long standing governmental neglect of problems
    of the mentally ill, socially ill, drug addiction, alcoholism would seem to
    reveal a deeper dread--perhaps a fear or admitting the system itself is at
    fault. The results of living in a world of high pressured competition with
    the fear of losing face or one's position, plus a confused system of rewards
    are evident throughout western civilization. Bribery, cheating and
    sycophancy are encouraged by the system. Competition promotes di visiveness,
    pits man against man, business against business, group against group with
    the " winners" demoralizing or destroying their " foes."  One is faced with
    surrender ing either his victories or his con science, for neither pride nor
    shame are morally or psychologically pro ductive and fear is a poor force in
    deed to motivate human beings. Compulsory competition implies a need to
    justify one's existence to his age or worse, to that society arbitrarily
    imposed upon him by birth. Since neither the age nor the society can provide
    or guarantee existential fulfillment, the presump tion of an obligation for
    self-justifica tion becomes strained at best. In deed the society should be
    one in which we are encouraged to enrich and expand our modes of existence
    rather than to waste time justifying the Given. that the University would
    serve it self and society as a whole well by seeking alternative
    motivational sys tems at least for academic en deavors. We should continue
    to re organize those areas of the Uni versity which promote or presume
    competition in their teaching to the exclusion of other systems. But first
    and foremost we should reduce the pressures of academic competition so as to
    allow the development of alternative motivational forces. Robert E. Beard,
    Director The Program in Russian

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: For these reasons it would appear

Heading: O  X
Content: 

Heading: 13
Content: 

Heading: O  W
Content: 

Heading: -- D I N I N G
Content: r o o m

Heading: -
Content: sa n d w ic h

Heading: MENU--  EVENINGS 5:00 --  12:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: GRILLE ROOM OPEN FROM 11:00 A.M. --  2:00 A.M.
Content: 

Heading: D A ILY  LUNCH EON
Content: 

Heading: S P E C I A L S
Content: 

Heading: Come on down
Content: 

Heading: and try us out
Content: 

Heading: -- AT--
Content: 

Heading: SIXTH A N D  M ARKET
Content: 

Heading: STREETS
Content: 

Heading: SERVING LUNCH 11:30 A.M- -- 2:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: Jeans. Slacks. Shirts. Vests. Jackets. Socks. Western W ear. Boots.
Content: 

Heading: n (r)
Content: (Continued from Page 2) no weight at all. Finally, we must speak of " self-
    imposed motivation."  The question at issue is the best means of at taining
    this. Both Mr. deBenedictis and I have our own opinions. Be lieving, as I
    do, in the correctness of my position, I would be quite willing to see it
    put to the test: as Mr. deBenedictis suggests, let stu dents choose which
    courses they will take for a grade and which pass-fail; then let us compare
    the results in terms of motivation and excellence. . . . Sincerely, William
    J. Mates, '71 W7 - W i k i

Heading: B U C K N E L L I A N S :
Content: 

Heading: GIVE YOUR EARS A TREAT
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: VIA THE LATEST IN
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: PANASONIC EQUIPMENT
Content: V *

Heading: La
Content: 

Heading: TAPES
Content: 

Heading: i t
Content: 

Heading: PHONOS
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: RADIOS
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: ACCESSORIES
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: << . 1 t h e

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any issue and take m erest University, to treat every issii . critical
    when necessary as well as lauda-

Heading: REISH BROS., INC.
Content: 

Heading: 434 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: or call 523-1196
Content: - y ?

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MARCH 12, 1971 MARCH 12, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: Wrangler(r) Jeans
Content: Wremember the *'W" is silent.

Heading: S I L C O  S T O R E
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 3 *

Heading: WBEHBEEEE
Content: 

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Third World Speakers
Content: 

Heading: Photo Jan Plan
Content: Anyone who was in the Photo graphy Jan Plan, is asked to pick up his portfolio
    as soon as pos sible. The folders can be obtained by seeing James Lyon in
    the theatre.

Heading: S I S
Content: There will be an open discussion of S.LS. with five representatives, Tuesday,
    March 16, at 8:00 p.m., in New Dorm Pit. Sponsored by Alpha Phi.

Heading: Cocktail Theatre
Content: COX AND BOX is Cap and Dag ger's first Cocktail Theatre produc tion of the
    second semester. The production is directed by Rudy Palmer and features Mike
    Lotzkar as Cox, Jim Dehls as Box and Jim McShane as Bouncer. The show will
    be presented in Coleman Theatre, Wednesday, March 17 at 4:30 and 7:30 p.m.
    Admission is, as it will be for all subsequent Cocktail Theatre productions,
    free.

Heading: Hilltop
Content: Any student interested in serving on the Hilltop Committee for selec tion of
    films to be shown in the Hilltop Series next year should ob tain an interest
    sheet from the dean of student affairs office in Marts Hall and return it by
    3:00 p.m. on Wednesday, March 17. For further information, contact Pete
    Holmes at 1993.

Heading: Theatre
Content: Cap & Dagger presents the first in its series of Cocktail theatre for the spring
    season - COX and BOX, or THE LONG LOST BROTHER, a triumviretta in one act
    written by F C. Buraand and Sir Arthur Sul livan. This delightful operetta
    will be presented in Coleman Theatre Wednesday, March 17, at 4:30 and 7:30
    p.m. Admission is free.

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: 8:00 p.m. 8:30 p.m. 10:00 p.m. Meditation Chapel Vaughan Lit. Aud. University
    Theatre " Why Schools Should University Lounge University Theatre

Heading: Unsoeld
Content: Cars are leaving for the Cowan weekend with Willie Unsoeld tomor row at 6:30
    p.m. For more informa tion call the C.A. Unsoeld will pre sent the same
    lecture Monday night at 7 p.m. in New Dor mPit for students unable to go to
    Cowan this weekend.

Heading: Meeting
Content: Students working on projects for the SIS Information Center must at tend two
    meetings Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the backroom of the Bison. New members are
    invited. For more information call 1012 or 1346.

Heading: Musical Tea
Content: Mu Phi Epsilon, the music honor ary, will present a 'musical tea' tomorrow at 3
    p.m. in New Dorm. Friday, March 12 6:30 p.m. Jewish Services Hilltop: " Les
    Cousins" Cap & Dagger: " The Trojan Women" Free University: Prof. Louis
    Casimir: Be Abolished" Saturday, March 13 2:00 and 8:30 p.m. Cap & Dagger: "
    The Trojan Women Sunday, March 14 . ____ , 10:30 a.m. Chapel: Rabbi Stephen
    A. Schafer Rooke Chapel Bahai Soul Community Rap Session Botany Corner Room
    Sunday Afternoons With Music: Prof. Darina Tuhy, Music of Vorisek" Music &
    Arts Aud Catholic Mass , Rooke Chapel Cap & Dagger Try-outs for " The Glass
    Menagerie Coleman Hall 101B " Jesus Christ: Personal Testimony"  Short Talks
    and Dis cussions sponsored by Bucknell Christian Fellowship Rooke Chapel Mr.
    Willie Unsoeld: Slides and A Personal Account of the Ascent of Mt. Everest
    Vaughan Lit. Aud. English Dept. Film: ''Night Mail"  and " Man of Aran 6

Heading: K
Content: Visual Aids Aud. 11:00 a.m. 2:30 p.m. 4:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8:00 p.m.
    8:00 p.m. (Continued from Page 1) the United Nations and Specialized
    Agencies. Presently, Zacklin is the director of the International Law
    Program at the Carnegie Endowment for In ternational Peace. This
    organization seeks practical paths to peace and its publications deal with
    programs in international law, diplomacy, the changing role of military
    force and the advance ment of international relations re search. In
    addition, he is contributing his time to the Carnegie-sponsored In ter-
    American Study Group. This group is doing research on the law of the sea and
    international economic law within the context of Latin America, and is also
    under taking a second project on inter national aid and legal development in
    which the role and function of law in development is being studied.
    Experience is the key clause in a description of Osorio. He spent five years
    as a Lutheran minister in Chile, Ecuador and Puerto Rico, served as
    Secretary of the Student Christian Movement for one year in Ecuador, and
    acted as Regional Secretary of the Latin American Union of Ecumenical Youth
    for three years in the Caribbean Area. John Carlson co-ordinator of the
    week-end feels that Osorio "will be Monday, March 15 6:30 p.m. Cap & Dagger
    Try-outs for 7:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 8:30 p.m. Turn cartwheels clear through
    summer in Villager's quick little cottons: Solid color interlock cotton
    jersey shell,

Heading: for Class or That
Content: 

Heading: Vacation in
Content: 

Heading: The Sun
Content: 

Heading: AT
Content: able to present the views of the people since he has worked on the problems of
    the area on a grass roots level." In addition, " he should be able to give
    to us Americans, an insight into our government policies and performances in
    South America," since he was bom  here and lived most of his life in the
    United States. About Badgley, Carlson comment ed, " John Badgley is
    primarily con cerned with the political aspects of development; the problems
    involv ed in creating change and progress through the existing governmental
    structures." As an author, he has written several books and a countless num
    ber of articles and professional papers on Southeast Asia, especial ly
    Burma. Consequently, Carlson feels that " he should be able to give insights
    into the national feelings of the people in these countries, the in fluence
    of Communist China in the area, and nation-building and de velopment in an
    area of conflict. Presently, Badgley is teaching at John Hopkins University,
    SAIS, and is also on the Board of Di rectors for the Association for Asian
    Studies, the Advisory Board of the Asian Literature Program, and the Board
    of Editors of the Asian Survey.

Heading: Theatre Group
Content: 'The Glass Menagerie" Coleman Hall 101B Family Swim Night Freas-Rooke Pool
    Discussion Group with Mr. Willie Unsoeld sponsored by C A. University
    Theatre Open Theatre: " Terminal" University THeatre ^ p . m ^ n t a c t
    LectoeTJiscussion: Dean Leon Pac^ w "g ^ " 4:45 p.m. K PS c deg  M a s ? * ^
    k e  Chapel (Continued from Page 1) actors, playwrights, and directors who
    gave of their time and abili ties without pay, he worked in the fifth story
    loft of an old building on West 14th St. Today the group works in a
    different location but with three widely acclaimed collabora tive works as
    testimony to the suc cess of their efforts. The first, American Hurrah, is
    three powerful satirical images of the national sickness; the second, The
    Serpent, produced here in De cember by Cap and Dagger, is an exploration of
    the Genesis myth, i and the most recent, Terminal, is based on the group's
    meditation on death, the Last Judgment, and re incarnation. As Chaikin says,
    It is about a conspiracy to make death relevant only to others, never to
    oneself, a conspiracy to concede that we all die . . . ."

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: FRANKIE VNLU & THE 4 SEASONS
Content: 

Heading: Sat., March 2 7 -3  & 8 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: Zembo Mosque, Harrisburg
Content: Presented By

Heading: (D  Hershey Sports Arena
Content: Price $5.00 Tax Incl. J O /"-'-'- For Tickets Call Hershey (717) 533-9101 After
    10

Heading: AM.
Content: Contact Your Nearest Hershey Agency, Or USE THIS COUPON HERSHEY SPORTS ARENA
    HERSHEY, PA. 1703J _  . . . . 1 P M  1*1 1 P M .  # E n du ed M S for
    Tickets at >> >>  r.M . u >> u Enclosed >>  >> f0 R  TH i 4 SEASONS --
    MARCH 27 Name Address City -- State Zip Make Remittance Payable To Hershey
    Sports Arena Enclose Stamped, Self-Addressed Envelope For Ticket Return

Heading: Market Street
Content: Lew isburi

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: n The Open Theatre is a most unique group, and they will un doubtedly provide us
    with an even ing in theatre that is not to be missed and once seen not to be
    forgotten. Tickets for the single performance in the University Theatre are
    cur rently on sale in the University Bookstore. Any remaining tickets will
    be sold at the door.

Heading: Provost Speaks
Content: (Continued from Page D class, faculty concern for their roles, and new methods
    of transition of information would also be desir able. Dr. Smith feels that
    pass-fail grad ing system would not be suitable for this institution as such
    or at the present time. * U

Heading: I
Content: I f(r)

Heading: w
Content: 

Heading: w
Content: 

Heading: Board of Trustees & GM Stock
Content: <<

Heading: X
Content: (Continued from Page D ing them to participate in the se lection of three GM
    directors. The third proposal would require GM to publish in its annual
    report hard statistics on its progress on auto-pollution control, auto-
    safety, and minority hiring, thereby provid ing shareholders, constituents,
    and the public with the minimum infor mation needed to effectively evalu ate
    whether GM is meeting its public responsibilities. The Project, a public
    interest center in Washington, D.C. believes giant corporations, epitomized
    by General Motors, are virtually pri vate governments; their decisions
    fundamentally affect the lives of millions of people in areas ranging from
    product safety to employment discrimination to environmental pol lution. "
    Yet those decisions are made, far removed from public view, by a narrow
    group of self- chosen men -- isolated from the people their decisions affect
    and in sulated from the public pressures that shape the decisions of
    society's other important policymakers."  The Project, through Campaign GM
    and its other activities, seeks to subject corporate decisions to public
    scru tiny and to make corporate decision-

Heading: The Navy Surface Officer Information Team
Content: 

Heading: Will Be On Campus
Content: 

Heading: MARCH 16 and 17 at the CARNEGIE BUILDING
Content: 

Heading: to discuss Officer Training Programs
Content: 

Heading: With All Interested Students
Content: makers directly accountable to the people affected by corporate action. Campus
    Focus In campaigning for the Campaign GM proposals, the Project is con
    centrating on institutions, such as universities, foundations, union pen
    sion funds, banks, mutual funds, churches, and insurance companies (who
    together own over 40% of GM's stock), urging them to make use of their power
    as major share holders in GM to make GM more responsive to public needs. The
    Project also plans to cam paign among the constituents of those institutions
    -- church mem bers, university students, teachers, and alumni, bank
    depositors, mu tual fund investors, insurance policy holders, union members
    -- urging them to insist on their institution's support. A major goal of
    Round II is to crack what it sees as an un spoken alliance between corporate
    management and institutional lead ership " that has for too long per mitted
    management the luxury of making decisions without challenge and policies
    without review." The Project is particularly focus ing on universities, for
    it believes that they have a special obligation to consider the social as
    well as

Heading: University Band
Content: 

Heading: Schedules Tour
Content: Editor's Note: The University Symphonic Band will go on its annual concert tour
    during the first few days

Heading: at
Content: spring j j f a j j . The following is a list of dates and times for the
    scheduled per formances. Evening concerts are open to the public. March 19
    8:00 p.m. Central Sr. High School, York Pa. March 20 10:30 a.m. South
    Mountain Restoration Center, South Mountain, Pa. 1:30 p.m. South Mountain
    Restoration Center 8:00 p.m. Greencastle-Antrim High School, Green- castle,
    Pa. 8 00 p.m. Allegany High School, Cumberland, Md. 9:00 a.m. Braddock Jr.
    High School, Cumberland, Md. _ _ , _  ,, 10:12 a.m. George Mason Jr.-Sr.
    High School, Falls Church, Va. financial stake they have in corpor ations
    they own. Campaign commit tees have already formed on several campuses --
    Stanford, University of North Carolina, University of Michigan, Columbia and
    University of Pennsylvania -- to devise ways of making sure that the
    university's vote on Campaign GM is " re sponsive to the wishes of the
    entire university community."  Some stu dents are organizing referendums;
    others are planning debates and teach-ins. And some are working through
    university councils or through special committees that have been set up to
    reevaluate the university's investment policies. Last Year Last year, when
    this University supported management, the Project campaigned for a proposal
    to add three public interest directors to the GM Board and a proposal to
    estab lish a Shareholder Committee on Corporate Responsibility to review
    GM's public policies. As a result of that campaign, many people for the
    first time began to cor.sider the social impact of corporate decisions. The
    campaign precipitated intensive debates within shareholding insti tutions,
    leading many to reassess their investment criteria. It at tracted
    considerable public and shareholder support, including the votes of several
    universities.

Heading: SPOTLIGHT
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: t *<<S'

Heading: r
Content: March 20 March 20 March 21 March 22 March 23

Heading: lrivul
Content: There are forty-two ink wells in the desks of Room 103, Botany Building. This
    University's first newspaper was published in 1897 under the name Orange and
    Blue. The yearly subscription rate was $1.00. During the early 1950's, Trax
    018 was a lab for the physics depart ment. Have any trivialities for me? If
    so, please send them to " TRIVIAL, Box B-516. Features Editor's Note: "
    Spotlight" is a new feature which will give brief summaries of campus and
    area entertainments for the week end and the coming week. Les Cousins is
    Hilltop's feature presentation tonight at 8:00 p.m. in Vaughan Literature
    Auditorium. Claude Chabrol's 1970 film depicts the relationship of Paul and
    Charles, law students and cousins, who share a Paris apartment in the last
    year of their study. Charles, the hard-working and sensitive country boy,
    and his super ficial and decadent cousin are con trasted in their daily
    experiences, and in their relationship with a sweetly pretty girl who
    responds physically to the latter but is " in love"  with the former. As
    Charles fails his exams and Paul passes, the film comes to a shocking and
    sobering climax which brings to an end the odd association. Saturday Review
    praised Cha brol's eye and sense for detail as " extraordinary."  Catching
    the at titudes of the young without being satirical, Chabrol's talent and
    the fine acting of Jean-Claude Brialy, Gerard Blain, and Juliet Mayniel
    makes Les Cousins a film worth seeing. Tonight at 8:30 p.m. and tomor row at
    2:00 p.m. and 8:30 p.m., Cap and Dagger will continue their per formance of
    The Trojan Women in Coleman Hall. Jean-Paul Sartre's adaptation of
    Euripides' tragedy is set in Troy, the day after the close of the ten year
    Trojan War. The women of the city, reflecting upon their fallen culture and
    their im minent fate, express the futility and brutality of their war, and
    all wars. The production is directed by Dr. Harvey Powers and tickets can be
    obtained at the Bookstore, with a one dollar discount upon presenta tion of
    a University ID. At Lewisburg's Campus theatre. Five Easy Pieces will be
    presented this weekend. The highly-praised film presents a series of
    incidents in the life of Robert Eroica Dupea (Jack Nicholson)-moments of
    anger, comedy, nostalgia, and passing sad- ness-that help to reveal his
    complex personality. Journeying into the past to visit his family at the
    oppressive home he once fled, he travels across class lines to a tight,
    repressed, intellec tual world consisting of meaningless chat and piano
    duets--a direct con trast from his thoughtless and vio lent everyday life as
    a beer-drink ing, bowling, bawdy oil-rigger. The portraits of Robert, losing
    himself in the lives of common laborers, Rayette (Karen Black), the waitress
    he gets involved with, and the several minor characters he meets, including
    the ecology- minded lesbian hitch-hikers, make Five Easy Pieces undoubtedly
    one of the best films of the year. The Strand Theatre in Sunbury will
    present this weekend The World of Hans Christian Anderson, an ani mated
    cartoon. Monday Night at 8:30 p.m., the Open Theatre will perform Ter minal,
    an experimental drama sim ilar in form to the Company's two other
    productions, American Hurrah and The Serpent. The group, formed in 1963 by
    Joseph Chaikin in New York, pre sents a series of improvised images to
    deliver the impact of their pur pose. Terminal is based on medita tions on
    death, the Last Judgment, and reincarnation, and " is a con spiracy to make
    death relevant only to others, never oneself; a con spiracy to concede that
    we all die. Tickets for the production are available at the Bookstore for
    $2.50.

Heading: Keypunch
Content: Students desiring to serve as key punch operators for the Student Life
    Committee's questionnaire are ask ed to contact Debbie Ahlstedt at 1027.
    Operators will be paid.

Heading: Class and A B S  Elections will be held April 12 for the
Content: 

Heading: following positions
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: CLASSES OF 72, 73, 74 WILL ELECT
Content: 

Heading: PRESIDENT
Content: 

Heading: VICE PRESIDENT
Content: 

Heading: SECRETARY
Content: 

Heading: t r e a s u r e r
Content: 

Heading: A  B S
Content: 

Heading: W ILL ELECT
Content: 

Heading: 5 MEMBERS
Content: 

Heading: AT
Content: 

Heading: LARGE
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MARCH 12, 1971

Heading: Anyone interested in running for these offices contact:
Content: 

Heading: Russ Pais at 1526 or 3150 or write Box B578 by
Content: 

Heading: mnRCH 17
Content: 

Heading: After March 17 interested persons must obtain a petition
Content: 

Heading: from the Dean of Student Affairs and submit it by
Content: 

Heading: APRIL 5
Content: 

Heading: There will be a meeting of all candidates at 7:00 p.m,
Content: 

Heading: April 6 in Hunt Formal Living Room.
Content: 

Heading: Elections will be held Monday, April 12
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: 

Heading: Eco Group Seeks Environmental Remedies PePS ^ ,PS nge
Content: .  . < i * tUn n tia n fin o litv t\ f frV lflff ^ By KARL BLAKE Features
    Editor's Note: This is the second of a series of articles deal ing with
    ecology at the University and in the Lewisburg area. " We are primarily
    concerned with developing an educational, grass roots approach to arousing
    the public to the deadly seriousness of the environmental crisis," says Karl
    Neiswender of the American Ecology Concern Organization. Neiswender is the
    leader of American Eco, a small group of Lewisburg residents who are con
    cerned about the state of the en vironment. Most of them are young, but
    youth is no criterion for mem bership. In fact, the group would prefer more
    older members, to counter what Chip David, the sole Bucknell student in the
    group, fears may be their " freak image." The group's activities include the
    dissemination of information on en vironmental issues, the sale of " en
    vironmentally safe"  cleaning pro ducts, recycling paper, promoting a Ban-
    the-Can campaign in Lewis burg, and organizing an Earth Day program.
    Education Education is American Eco's principal goal. To this end they dis
    tribute mimeographed information sheets in Lewisburg and nearby communities,
    publish a newsletter, and soon will be maintaining an " ecology bulletin
    board"  in front of the Union County Journal offices. A sample information
    sheet sug gests twenty-five ways in which the individual can help alleviate
    en vironmental problems. (Example: " Use less electricity, especially be
    tween the hours of 5 and 7 p.m. These are prime hours and deter mine the
    needs for more power plants (possibly nuclear) and more dirty air, dirty
    water, and dead fish." ) No charge is made for either the information sheets
    or the news-

Heading: I
Content: letter. Fund-raising Projects To finance their publications, the group is
    engaged in two fund-raising activities which have the added ad vantage of
    being environmentally constructive. The first of these involves selling a
    line of " environmentally safe" Smoke from Pennsylvania House Furniture
    Company's factory fills the Lewisburg sky.

Heading: REED'S
Content: 

Heading: Summer Storage
Content: 

Heading: STUDENTS--Leave your Winter Gar
Content: 

Heading: ments with REED's for Summer Box
Content: 

Heading: Storage.
Content: detergents, cleaners and cosmetics. Produced by the Shaklee Company, these
    products are completely or ganic and biodegradable, contain ing no
    phosphates or manufactured chemicals of any kind. They are also nontoxic if
    accidentally swal lowed by children. A second " fund-raising"  project, the
    recycling of paper, has not yet succeeded in raising any funds. Eventually,
    however, this project should provide a small source of revenue. The group
    also hopes to become involved in recycling glass. How ever, while paper can
    be con veniently recycled through Baker's Junk Yard in Lewisburg, which then
    sells it to a firm in Williamsport, the nearest glass recycling facilities
    are 120 miles away. The group is searching, somewhat desperately, for
    transportation for this project. Another American Eco project in progress is
    a Ban-the-Can cam paign. Members are urging local businessmen not to handle
    dispos able cans and bottles and are con- sidering the practicality of
    trying to have an ordinance passed to ban the sale of such items in
    Lewisburg. Earth Day An Earth Day ceremony will be held at the riverside
    park on Market St. on Thursday, April 22. Euell Gibbons, noted naturalist
    and au thor, and Franklin Curry, state rep resentative from Northumberland
    and Montour counties and author of an Environmental Bill of Rights for
    Pennsylvania, will be present to speak. The mayor of Lewisburg, and Karl
    Neiswender of American Eco will also speak briefly. Following the talks
    Euell Gib bons will lead a nature walk. An auction will also be held for a
    number of used bicycles which the group has collected. Receptacles will be
    available for old news papers, rags and glass bottles, which will be
    recycled. Franklin Curry and the Mayor will speak at a similar ceremony to
    be held on the preceding Satur day, April 17, in celebration of Earth Week.
    Organic Farm In other projects, American Eco is trying to obtain about an
    acre of land for a small organic farm, and is investigating the feasibility
    of starting a food cooperative, which would make fresh, unprocessed
    vegetables available to co-op mem bers at about half their usual price.
    Meetings are held at 7 p.m. on Sundays in Coleman Hall 101A. Any one
    interested is welcome to attend. PINNED: Debbie Compte, '74 to Larry Bac
    kus, '72 (University of Massachu setts). Joann Prader, '73 to Walter Wag
    ner, KDR '73. ENGAGED: Debbie Braithwaite, '74 (Ball State, Indiana) to
    Glenn Pulianis, SPE '74. Amy Carr, AXO '72 to Dan Miller, #71. Janice
    Whitehead, '72 (Elmira College) to Kenneth Freeman, '72.

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Fully insured, freshly cleaned and pressed at (
Content: 

Heading: Regular Cleaning Prices.
Content: 

Heading: 103 SOUTH SIXTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: 523-1282
Content: j _____

Heading: CLIP AND SAVE
Content: --------- -- -

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: LOW COST, SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: SCHEDULED IMMEDIATELY
Content: 

Heading: (212)490-3600
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: ! SCHEOUUHe <<<<V'CE In* Features Editor's Note: We apolo gize for the incorrect
    announce ment of the engagement of Debbie Dixon, '71 (University of Pitts
    burgh) to Terry Hibbard, *71. Please send any factual notices of pinnings,
    engagements, or wedd ings to " Private Eye,"  Box B-697.

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: i i
Content: 545FH<<* <<.. *>rk Cit* 10017 There isa fee tor our service.

Heading: _
Content: j

Heading: BEDS
Content: 

Heading: AAADE BY ALPHA PHI PLEDGES
Content: 

Heading: MARCH 9 -- 16
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: 25c
Content: 

Heading: All Proceeds Go To The Heart Fund
Content: 

Heading: Check Your Linen Station For Detail*
Content: 

Heading: SUNBURY, PA.
Content: 

Heading: S T R H I I D
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: N ever Sang
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: or J ig
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: ather
Content: 

Heading: DON'T MISS IT
Content: 

Heading: -- Judith Crist
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg,
Content: 

Heading: Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of living............You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: Parts & Service
Content: 

Heading: All
Content: 

Heading: Foreign Cars
Content: 

Heading: SUSQUEHANNA VALLEY WHITE
Content: 

Heading: Selinsgrove "At the Bridge"
Content: 

Heading: --  Dealers for --
Content: 

Heading: DODGE --  RENAULT --  TRIUMPH
Content: By DAN MARTIN L. C. Ball feels that the people are the only group in the United
    States who are unorganized and thus ineffective in voicing their de mands.
    To remedy this appalling situation, he has organized a Peoples Lobby, with
    the intention of making known to the government the wishes of the populous,
    through - |f sheer voting power. Mr. Ball's seemingly infeasible plan to
    obtain fifty million signa tures arose from what he considers to be at the
    heart of the injustice- the sixteenth amendment. This par agraph which gives
    the Congress the " power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever
    sources derived, without appropriation among the several States, and with
    out regard to any census or enu meration"  is, in his opinion, far too
    strong. It underlies the American belief that power comes with money alone.
    By repealing the sixteenth amend ment, the power of the government would be
    reduced by reducing its overhead cost of operating. Other specific aims of
    the Lobby will be formulated at a general meeting when five thousand signa
    tures are obtained. In existence only three weeks, the organization now has
    five hundred names of inter ested voters. There is no member ship fee; cards
    and applications have been printed up by local firms at no cost and ten
    volunteers pre sently man the office at 37 Broad way, Milton, from 10 a.m.
    to noon and 2 to 4 p.m., Monday through Friday. Mr. Ball will absorb the
    cost involved when formal organi zation comes about. Mr. Ball is seeking
    people who* have grievances as well as those who have inexpensive solutions
    to those grievances. In addition to re lieving some of the ills of the
    country, it must be proven that changes can be made without huge
    expenditures. The Peoples Lobby might take its- motto from Thomas Jefferson,
    who said that " if we can prevent the government from wasting the labors of
    the people under the pretense of caring for them, they will be happy." There
    is everything to gain from the Peoples Lobby. As the group grows, local
    legislators will feel its impact; an impact that will spread eventually to
    state and national governments. Without violence or demonstration, this is a
    ample answer to America's problems, an answer to which Mr. Ball is giving
    his full-time attention.

Heading: Winners
Content: 

Heading: & Losers
Content: 

Heading: Lehigh Engineers Glide Past leers;
Content: 

Heading: Bison Skaters Try to Even Record
Content: . * i-- * r. La, to

Heading: F
Content: a ai\ra

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MARCH 12, 1971

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: By DEAN LANDEW
Content: 

Heading: paw off, rfter to  mandator
Content: 

Heading: K b i t  to  real win-
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: S?M ^tarm >>nd AH/Joe Frazier w<<d ebampi>>-
Content: 

Heading: "'"V t o r  t o  two fishier* to
Content: 

Heading: S e f i r t I S
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: f f i S
Content: 

Heading: r A
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: . ' S
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: on Ali's Ote-an role
Content: 

Heading: These are times wben '^ ^ j S ^ '^ f ^ ^ d i a w 'S ' lTazler
Content: 

Heading: s rii& K s :?  w - !>> - a  sw .'sstiis
Content: 

Heading: serve to "shut that big mouth bastard p.
Content: 

Heading: knockouts.
Content: 

Heading: SKKTi
Content: 

Heading: bato. he ever entered
Content: 

Heading: to
Content: 

Heading: ring
Content: -- >* . ., , ,, funnv thine You're applauded and The words-over-actions idea a
    8 J ^ d l S r o  you don't. But shame mythologized when you d e l h r e r ,
    b e e n a hero. It seems dies quicker than applause when 7 << ^ r(J ting for
    j oe Namath to S e ? a n  t o E / t a k t .  t o  >> p e r  bowl, eve>>
    after t o  great fall be and the Jets took m 1970. ,. ... diPS{erent His
    career may be With Ali, however, th(r).ca(r) (r) w o l d d be anticlimactic
    if not over. Certainly, a rematch with outside of athletics in so many

Heading: S
Content: oT to"

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: u e ^

Heading: S
Content: << . ^ fans pessildy baoteff him more, once the post-mortems are done. remain to
    be I'd prefer to avoid tTthink that much of the sum seen how Ali will
    conduct hunse . ^ f hi caSe, the Black he makes after taxes ^ go to ^ << ^ V
    a l t i n g  engagements. Muslims in some way, or trave expenses ^ the case
    oPS Guy * * reme Court turned him down- He r t his fans hope he is, a
    fighter in more than one way. He ^ T t e a t i i l S i c  "stereotype,
    manipulated by insti- tutions?n s S c a l l y  ^ xing. ^

Heading: S
Content: p

Heading: S
Content: f i S too^Wthout taktag abhorrent. . ___ brute force, sheer

Heading: Frazier does represent
Content: ' * a*Ti " xJ en0^ g t

Heading: It was iust presented
Content: o, t o  world, - blg at

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: e  s s S H S r & w
Content: 

Heading: ;
Content: Not only is a bit of h u m a m tyep p ed ^ ^ ^ sake of money, the fight was an e
    x t r a o r d ^ ^ b nde plot J ^ tWs {ight on closed That most of America
    status.oriented public circuit television makes it taste even better to and
    a greedy promotion office. And how ,, Maybe the economy took a boost, but
    only for a select tew much is the New Y o *  s < ^ ^ ^ " ave won,' but in a
    pyrrhic sense. So Ali is a non-loser. Frazier may government. The promoters
    Neither could lose economically nor << j f l d a >> (r) public the were
    enormous winners, bt u w  t t  biggest losTs. Violence won over world
    audience were probably the biggest humanity, if youw an t t o g o O i a t t
    a r dimensions of this one were too I am obviously no it was compietely
    necessary intriguing not to look at. Ah if only because he is an individual

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: <<
Content: 

Heading: " * He defies t o  stereo-
Content: "

Heading: W
Content: y .  t o  winners

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: .  J
Content: 

Heading: J
Content: -  - >-- F" m e, the losers went down, but so did Ah in tne in By GEORGE LANE
    The Bison Hockey Club suffered its first loss in four games Sunday, dropping
    a 9-5 decision to the de fending league champion, Lehigh. The game started
    with favored Lehigh pressing heavily in the Blue defensive zone, but being
    turned away each time by a tough Blue defense, led by standouts Jim
    Davenport, Floyd Wallace and Hunt Worth. u , The defense kept forcing the
    puck out of the zone and their efforts v/ere finally rewarded as Paul Jewell
    took a pass at center ice, skated in alone on the goalie and scored. Less
    than two minutes later | the Bisons scored again and found themselves on top
    2-0. But, that was as far as the Bisons would go, as the Lehigh machine
    recovered quickly and put in two to tie the game. Lehigh's comeback was then
    blessed with a little luck as they were awarded a goal on a missed call. T
    phigh defenseman took a snot from the point that beat the goalie and bounced
    off the left front goal post, apparently remaining in play. But, one
    referee, despite the other referee's ruling of 'no goal,' and vehement
    protest by the entire Bison team, ruled that the puck had hit the back
    goalpost and bounced out of the goal, and award ed the crucial score to
    Lehigh. With all the momentum in their favor now, Lehigh scored two more on
    the slightly shaken Bisons to end the first period on top, 5-2. Lehigh got
    number six early in the second, but then Blue right wing Steve Ward started
    a three- goal Bison comeback on a well- placed ten-footer. As the Bisons
    drew close at 6-5, and the referees allowed numerous high-sticking
    infractions to go un penalized, tempers started getting short and the
    checking started get ting heavier. The second period ended with the score
    6-5, the emotions as high as the scoring, and both teams realiz ing that
    something was soon going to have to give. The Bisons came out psyched in the
    third, but the two weeks they had been unable to practice finally began to
    tell on them as Lehigh popped in number seven from up close and relentlessly
    pressured the Blue for two more to end the hard fought game at 9-5. The
    Bisons, whose record now stands at 2-3-1, travel to Allentown again Saturday
    to face the North Penn Eagles, looking for the win that will allow them to
    end their season at the .500 level. -- r -H i

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: Pledge Formal This Weekend
Content: 

Heading: ? '(N
Content: 

Heading: g e t
Content: 

Heading: h e r
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: c o r s a g e
Content: 

Heading: --AT--
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: m _ _

Heading: 524-9933
Content: r ------- <<8885008808886880880880

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: 

Heading: ' S
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: House of Fashion
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: 524-0790
Content: 580888888888888888888881

Heading: FREE INFORMATION
Content: 

Heading: SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: a b o r t i o n
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: Scheduled Immediately
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 8562
Content: 

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: 

Heading: CERTIFIED
Content: 

Heading: ABORTON REFERRAL
Content: 

Heading: All Inquiries Confidential
Content: me, me wova ^ << --

Heading: Meckley s Meats
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 524-0744
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa>>
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: 

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: TaKa Get It Straight
Content: 

Heading: BE YOURSELF
Content: (tm) everyone who ever lived could say the same thmgl

Heading: 5
Content: ,

Heading: 1 2 5 3
Content: ! off the feeling thafyou, and you. alone, en tertain the self-consciousness
    that

Heading: makes
Content: you uniquely you. people, Some

Heading: Mon.-Thur. -
Content: 

Heading: Fri .-Sat. - -
Content: 

Heading: Sunday - - -
Content: 

Heading: 9:00 - 11t30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: . 9:00 - 1:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: - 7:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O PEN
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: 

Heading: Tue.
Content: 

Heading: - Thur. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. - Sat. - 11 am. - 1:30 am.
Content: 

Heading: Suit. - Mon.
Content: 

Heading: - 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: when this awareness dawns upon them, become filled with a sense of destiny;
    others with a sense of frustration because, along with it, they have not
    been issued a guidebook explaining why they were born. W ouldn't it be
    helpful if ba bies were born with printed tags around their necks telling
    what they were best suited for in life? Maybe. But if human nature ran true
    to form , probably a great many of them would rebel against having their
    lives laid out for them in advance. Peo ple want to be free to choose for
    themselves. In fact, that? s how you be come

Heading: a
Content: person in your own right, through making your own decisions and discoveries.
    That's why God gave Adam

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: authorized dealers of Keepsake diamonds
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market St.
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: and Eve the power of choice in the Garden of Eden; because He wanted the human
    race to be real people and not puppets. That's why He gives you the freedom
    to make your ow n de cisions in life. But because He loves you. He tells you
    in advance what will happen if you make the right choices, and what will
    happen if you make the wrong ones. " If you choose to obey Me," He says in
    effect,

Heading: "ydegu
Content: w ill not only be saved from wasting your life, but you w ill find a real sense
    of purpose m being aligned with the Primary Truth from  which all other
    truths spring." Jesus Christ said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life."
    He holds the key to your personal fulfillment. ! Choose Him and you find
    life.

Heading: What you should know about diamonds
Content: 

Heading: when you know it's for keeps
Content: You've dreamed about ydegur diamond engagement ring a thou sand times. But now
    that you know it's for keeps, its time to stop dreaming and start learning
    about diamonds and their value. Because no two diamonds are exactly alike,
    jewelers have adopted exacting standards to de termine the relative value of
    each and every diamond in the world. These standards include a dia mond's
    size (carat weight), color, cut and clarity. Although it's important to know
    the facts about diamonds, you certainly don't have to be an expert to choose
    a Keepsake Dia mond Ring . . . because KeeP ^ ^ guarantees a diamond of 6ne
    white color, correct cut and perfect d M- itvor replacement assured. The ta-
    mous Keepsake certificate provides registration, trade-m protection against
    loss permanent value and vaiue ouu J 1 1 UU.V>>-- o . of diamonds from the
    setting. COLOR*. Fine white diamonds are auite rare and valued accordingly.
    Other shades in relative order or their worth are: blue, yellow, brown and
    black. CUT: The cut of a diamond--the facets placed on it by a trained
    cutter--brings out the gem sfire and brilliance. Anything less man correct
    cut reduces beauty, bnl- liance and value. CLARITY: Determined by me ab
    sence of small impurities. A per fect diamond has no impurities when
    examined under ten power magnification by a trained eye. CARAT: A diamond's
    size is measured in carats. As a diamond increases in size, its price wdl
    increase even more if the quality remains constant. But larger dia monds of
    inferior quality tnay ac t u a lly be worth less than smaller, perfect
    diamonds. _ ___________________________ ----.

Heading: s
Content: 

Heading: s
Content: 

Heading: K
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: s
Content: 

Heading: s
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: plus full color folder and 44 pg. Bride s book gin u

Heading: S-
Content: 7 l Your Keepsake Jeweler has a complete selection of new styles. He's in the
    Yellow Pages under " Tewelers." Or, dial free day or night long distance
    800*243-"0(r)(r)- In Connecticut, call 800-942-0655. R e g i s t e r e d d i
    a m o n d r i n g s Name-- -Z ip - State-- ------- -- ------ - -------------
    - , ir g r p  SAKE. BO X  90, SYRA CU SE, NEW r I ^  from 4100 to 410.000
    Trade Mark Reg. A . H. Pond Co.

Heading: Sr
Content: MARCH 12, 1971

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE
Content: 

Heading: SEVEN
Content: % fes pF

Heading: Loesch Places Third
Content: 

Heading: Wrestlers Outgunned at Gettysburg;
Content: 

Heading: Schumacher's Raiders End Season
Content: 

Heading: School Records Fall;
Content: 

Heading: Track Season Ends
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE The Bison grapplers found a little hard luck and some tough
    competi tion last weekend at the MAC wrestling tournament in Gettysburg. In
    the first four weight classes the Bisons were unlucky enough to draw the
    first seeded man in the first round each time. Despite solid efforts by Tom
    Wason, Jim North- ridge, Mark Ramage, and Don Danser, none could make it
    past the first round. At 150 pounds Tom Rivoire suf fered a heartbreaking
    3-2 loss to Dennis Garetano of Hofstra. When Garetano lost in the semifinals
    Tom found himself barred from wrestl ing in the consolations. This really
    hurt the Bison chances for placing high in the tournament because the squad
    received no team points. Yet, the team did pick up some valuable team points
    from co-cap- tain A1 Loesch. Loesch was seeded second in the tourney. He
    pinned Ted Schaffer of American in 4:50 and easily decisioned Rick Greene of
    Temple 9-3. However, Rich Iseke of Hofstra broke Loesch's streak as he eked
    out a 4-3 decision in the semi-finals. Iseke went on to win the finals while
    A1 placed third by winning his third match 8-2. The grapplers also had two
    fourth place finishers in 118 pounder Tom Wason and 167 pound Jim Schutz.
    After being defeated by first seeded Rick Swanger of Rider, Wason turned on
    the steam. The unquenchable freshman defeated two experienced foes 5-4 and
    6-4 before losing in the finals of the consolations to Bob Carullo of
    Drexel. Jim Schutz won an exciting 8-7 victory over third seeded Joe Vento
    of Rider on a takedown with only 7 seconds showing on the clock but was too
    tired physically to capture any more bouts. Coach Schumacher was not the
    happiest man in the world last weekend, but he did note the fan tastic
    improvement of the entire squad over the year, and with the experience
    gained this year he feels the squad will " come into their own." By ALAN
    GROCHAL Two school records fell in the IC4A Track Meet, but in what Coach
    Gulden called, " the best quality competition I've ever seen," the Herd was
    unable to place any one in the finals. An indication of the stiff
    competition comes from the fact that a Rutgers trackman ran the third
    fastest 660 in history. John Larner set a new school in door record for the
    Bisons in the 1000 yard run with a time of 2:15.9,

Heading: Cindermen Teamwork Praised;
Content: 

Heading: Large Turnout Greets Gulden
Content: By JEFF QUINZER Wanted: sprinters and jumpers, particularly a pole vaulter.
    Qualifi cations: must be willing to work hard and have strong desire to im
    prove. For information, contact Coach Arthur Gulden, Room 2, in Davis
    Gymnasium. A joke? Not exactly, for that ad may well appear in the " Classy-
    Fyed"  section of this paper in the future. Despite a fine turnout for the
    spring track team, Coach Gul den could still use jumpers to give the team
    more depth in that de partment and is especially interest ed in any pole
    vaulter who might be in this reading audience. A lack of established
    sprinters is also an early season problem but one that should be remedied as
    the season progres ses. Despite the shortage in these two events, the coach
    has been very pleased with this year's turnout. The team has approximately
    fifty boys working out which " must be some sort of a record"  as Coach
    Gulden put it. It's basically a young team, with about forty of the boys
    being fresh men and sophomores. With a team this young, inexperience will be
    a factor early in the year. The team will have to gain ex perience in a
    hurry as their tough est opponents are scheduled for the first half of the
    season. Three of the first five meets are against powerful Lehigh, Delaware
    and Lafayette. " I think we face a very demand ing schedule,"  explained
    Gulden. " The second half, at the moment, appears to be easier than the
    first half. I think that if we can reach the halfway mark with a .500
    record, we'll have a winning season. Of course, that's going to be very dif
    ficult to do." The coach has been impressed by the competitive attitude of
    the boys and particularly encouraged by the attitude of the underclassmen.
    One reason for this could be due to the fact* that many of the boys
    participated in the winter track program. This is the first year that the
    Bisons have had a competitive winter program and it no doubt has been a big
    help in preparing the team both mentally and phy sically for the outdoor
    season. " This has given us a big head start for the spring season,"  ex
    plained the coach. " People are al ready running faster than they ever have
    before. This is bound to be a big help when they're able to get out on the
    track." The winter program has been most beneficial to the distance men and
    jumpers but the weight men will not be hurting from lack of practice either.
    The shot putters, discus men etc. have been war king out on their own since
    January. In fact, one cannot really set a date for the start of track
    practice; in dividuals have been working out ever since September. The
    team's strongest events ap pear to be the distance events, from the quarter-
    mile on up. " The middle distances seem to be our best events," said Coach
    Gulden. " But we'll need strong perfor mance in the sprints and jumps in
    order to have a good season. Coach Gulden was apprehensive about making
    predictions for the season. " I won't predict any won lost records now,"  he
    said. " The boys must keep working and the improvements will come, and along
    with the improvements will come some victories. That's really what we strive
    for, improvement for each individual and in the end, this will improve the
    team. Sophomore AI Loesch takes control of his foes with unpredictable but
    ef fective riding technique. The Bison Co-captain finished third in the
    MAC'S. (photo by John Gardner) while the freshmen medley team broke the
    school record by 20 seconds in a time of 8:30.5. Three of the four frosh
    runners posted their personal best times. Finishing fourth in his heat,
    Larner failed to reach the finals by one place as did Rich Francel in the
    880. Francel's time was 1:57.3. Paul Hermle managed a fifth place in his
    heat of the 600 while Bob Smith produced a jump of 45.3 feet in the triple
    jump. "This meet provided good ex perience for us. The results showed the
    need for speedwork and point up our lack of a running track." Coach Gulden
    commented. Concluding the winter track sea son, the Bisons will enter 35
    track men in the East Stroudsburg In vitational this weekend. Coach Gulden
    plans to stack his best runners in the relays in an effort to show BU's
    three best re lay teams. He doesn't anticipate the stiff competition that
    the Bisons en countered in IC4A's.

Heading: IM Results
Content: In the intramural basketball finals last night, PKP defeated LCA in overtime,
    42-40. John Durbiano (PKP) led all scorers with 23 points. Rick Andrews had
    10 for the losers.

Heading: Pan! Kerr Sete Baby Bison Scoring Mark
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE Freshman Paul Kerr has set a new Bucknell scoring record
    during the 1970-71 season with 362 points for a 21.3 average. " Tall Paul,"
    as he is known to his teammates, used his height to good advantage drawing
    many fouls as he worked towards the basket. This turned into many points as
    he hit on 77.7 percent of his shots from the line. The 6-5 forward broke the
    old mark of 321 set by Bill Bonkoski during the 1967-68 campaign. Kerr's
    height on the inside plus an ac curate fall away jump shot tallied 113 field
    goals as hq made one out of every two shots he took. Paul credits the
    teamwork and passing game for his ability to reach the scoring plateau. "
    You will always find that the top scorer can get many easy baskets from a
    well executed play or an accurate lead pass,"  he said. Paul is also looking
    forward to playing with this year's varsity. " We are still a young team but
    I think we can win a lot of games over the next couple of years. I
    definitely think we can get an NIT bid in two years." Paul's best scoring
    night was a 34 point effort against Lehigh but scoring is not the only asset
    Paul lends to a team as he crashed the boards for 143 rebounds, second best
    on the team. Second in scoring for the Baby Bisons was Harold Thomas. The
    6-2 guard pumped in 217 points and topped the team at the foul line with a
    .797 mark on 63 of 79 at tempts. George Tillery was third in scor ing with
    160 points but the 6-4 jump ing wizzard grabbed 195 rebounds for an average
    of 11.5 per contest to lead the team. Coach Don Smith can now look forward
    to next year knowing he has a much more potent scoring attack.

Heading: BECKER MOTOR CO.-VW
Content: 

Heading: Rts. 11 & 15-Selinsgrove
Content: 

Heading: Phone 743-1514
Content: 

Heading: Sales
Content: 

Heading: Service --  Parts
Content: 

Heading: Complete Towing &
Content: 

Heading: Body Shop Work
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: #m

Heading: Classy-Fyed |
Content: 

Heading: -:Ad$:-
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: EUROPE
Content: 

Heading: for
Content: 

Heading: $199.00
Content: 

Heading: q
Content: 

Heading: June
Content: 

Heading: 2 to August 28--New York to Amsterdam
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: (Round Trip) CALL SALLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: (Open only to B ucknell Students and Educational S taff-

Heading: N
Content: P rice Based on 60 Seats)

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Content: 

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: Cat Herman's
Content: 

Heading: H A N D  D IP P E D
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL
Content: 

Heading: EASTER
Content: 

Heading: ASSORTMENTS
Content: 

Heading: AND
Content: 

Heading: GIFTS
Content: 

Heading: WE beautifully box each assortment
Content: 

Heading: and will gladly mail your order any
Content: 

Heading: where.
Content: 

Heading: OPEN 9:00 A- M. TO 9:00 P.
Content: 

Heading: M .
Content: 

Heading: 209
Content: 

Heading: NORTH
Content: 

Heading: FRONT STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG,
Content: 

Heading: 523-7761
Content: SKIIS FOR SALE: One pair Head 320E's, length 193cm. Excellent condition, skied
    on only 4 mos. See Bill Bachman, 215 Larison, Phone 1158 before March 19.

Heading: MEN'S
Content: CONTRACEPTIVES! Im ported and best American brands. Price 1st free. Samples and
    cata logue $1.00, refunded if not satis fied.

Heading: POPLAN,
Content: Box 2556-QP3, Chapel Hill, NC 27514. FOR SALE -- 1967 Volkswagen bus, reasonably
    priced. Call 524-9663.

Heading: O
Content: 111 WHATS PLAYING? ----- 8

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN
Content: 

Heading: BOARD
Content: 

Heading: FOR SALE -- SPINET
Content: 

Heading: PIANO,
Content: Wanted, responsible party to take over a spinet piano. Easy terms available. Can
    be seen locally. Write Credit Manager, P.O. Box 35, Cortland, Ohio 44410.
    FOR SALE 1969 VW sedan, light blue, AM radio, 25,000 miles, ex cellent
    condition. $1,500 or best offer. Call Dietrich 524-1524. j WILL BUY ANY BOOK
    you pur chased at former B.U. Library | book sales. Bob Marks' book store,
    Ailenwood.

Heading: "If you see nothing
Content: 

Heading: else this year,
Content: 

Heading: you must see
Content: VERY NICE VIOLIN for sale at Bob Marks' bookstore in Allen- wood.

Heading: TUES
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: MARCH 12, 13, 14, 15, 16 8
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: 

Heading: THE BU CKNELLIAN
Content: MARCH 12, 1971 FOR SALE -- Cadillac Hearse; ex cellent for camping, sleeps four.
    Call 524-2893.

Heading: It will not, I think,
Content: 

Heading: r fade from
Content: 

Heading: memory!"
Content: --RICHARO SCHICKEL Ult

Heading: COLUMBIA PICTURES
Content: Presents a BBS Produclion.

Heading: JACK NICHOLSON 1>> FIVE EASY PIECES <<.>>Karen Black
Content: ,nd Susan Anspach * Screenplay by Adrien Joyed * Slot, by Bob Bdlelson and
    Adrien Joyce Produced by Bob Ralelcon end Richard Wecbtlei * Eaeculive
    Producer Ben Scbne.de. Dirccttd by Bob R>>l#l>>on * COIOR

Heading: VOLUME LXXni -- NO. 37
Content: | | #

Heading: I I
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: i

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: s
Content: 

Heading: at
Content: m <<

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: # '

Heading: 19
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY. MARCH 18, 1971
Content: 

Heading: HDhe Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Reflects National Trend
Content: 

Heading: ABS Asks Decision
Content: 

Heading: On Visitation Policy Walling Notes Decrease in Applications
Content: By JUNE CAFFREY " Each student has the right to determine his own visitation
    hours," Bob Nachshin, president of the As sociation of Bucknell Students,
    stated. Nachshin was refering to the

Heading: ABS
Content: resolution requesting Presi dent, Charles Watts II, to empower each living unit
    to determine its own visitation policy and his (Watts) response to the ABS
    motion. On March 16 and 17, Nachshin The BUCKNELLIAN will publish again
    after spring break on Friday, April 2. and Russ Pais, ABS vice-president,
    had a series of meetings with President Watts. They stemmed from the recent
    questionnaire sent around to all students by the Stu dent Affairs Committee.
    It was the general .feeling of the ABS that this questionnaire 1) did not
    speak to the present ABS m o tion, 2) President Watts, in a letter to
    Nachshin, had referred to the resolution as " tantamount to a ref erendum"
    (a misunderstanding) 3) the questionnaire had been am biguous, and 4) the
    question had been phrased in a way which made them negatively biased. After
    hearing these points, Watts stated that he had a " temptation to invalidate
    the whole process but that it was highly unlikely." Nachshin and Pais cited
    that many students were unhappy with fcthe present visitation policy and
    they proceeded to present a hypo thetical case to Watts, whereby the recent
    survey indicates that a m a jority of the students were in favor of a change
    in visitation policy. Watt's response was as follows: " If the survey
    strongly favored the expansion of visitation hours and if a recommendation
    were made from either the Student Af fairs Committee or the ABS with a clear
    and logical rationale ac companying it, he (Watts) would give very
    thoughtful consideration to the matter. He would undertake appropriate
    considerations with the Board of Trustees and would take whatever steps
    necessary to insure their implementation." Nachshin and Pais have set Sep
    tember l, 1971, as their goal for the motion to pass and do not feel that
    either " Dean Dunlop or Presi dent Watts will oppose this date." Presently,
    the ABS has three mo tions before Watts: 1) Student par ticipation in
    honorary degree selec tion, 2) Appointment of graduating seniors to the
    Board of Trustees, 3) Empowering each living unit with determining its own
    visitation hours. Watts said he " would be very pleased with a version of
    the first (Continued on Page 4) By ERIC RIESS Fitz R. Walling, director of
    ad missions here, said this week that applications for admission to the
    University are down approximately 10 per cent from last year. In an
    interview with The Buck nellian Walling said, " Most private colleges across
    the country have noted a similar drop in applications, while applications to
    state institu tions are generally rising." This trend, noted in an article
    in the New York Times (Feb. 28), has led many educators to cite the current
    state of the economy as well as the continued rising costs associated with
    most private in stitutions as the causes for the trend. Walling noted, "
    Students are be coming more selective when they choose a school. They can't
    afford to pay $100 to apply to six or seven different schools if they aren't
    sure that they can get in." " In addition to this, many stu dents are
    finding that they just cannot afford to attend the Uni versity. Currently,
    we are using a base figure of $4200 for one year here. This has been rising
    steadily for the past few years and will probably continue to rise in the
    future." President Charles H. Watts of fered other reasons why applica tions
    to private universities may be declining, noting, " Higher educa tion may
    have allowed itself to be oversold. In the 50's and 60's ed ucation was
    thought to bq the pan acea for all the nations problems, but the public is
    beginning to real ize that education is not the whole answer." This
    realization, together with the increased economic burden of a college
    education, has caused a change in the public's attitude to ward higher
    education. John F. Zeller, vice-president of administration and finance, com
    mented earlier this month, " We are nearer than we realize to the point at
    which the public may revolt against the continued increase in cost of higher
    education." As a part of the CA's program on " The Future of Education,"
    Zeller painted a black picture for private colleges in the future. He noted
    that private colleges are in danger of becoming elitist institutions, but
    the continued rise in operating expendi tures of colleges is making the in
    creased cost necessary. Zeller went on to say that the trend might continue
    until no-one can attend a private University, un less something is done.
    According to Walling, " The situa tion is not critical this year. We will
    still accept approximately 1900 of the applicants, but the most im portant
    figure to look at. is the per centage of the students who need financial
    aid. We haven't looked at this much yet, but with the very limited amount of
    money which we

Heading: Minority Sub-Committee Advises
Content: 

Heading: Abolishing Mandatory Phys Ed
Content: By BILL WHITNEY The minority report of the sub committee of the University Com
    mittee on Academic Regulations, studying the physical education re
    quirement, was presented to Provost Wendel I. Smith, chairman of the CAR,
    earlier this week. Members of the nine-man sub committee who signed the
    minor ity report were students Beth Wright and Michael Holoszyc, and Dr.
    John

Heading: Fire Batters Two Apartments;
Content: 

Heading: Water Damages Printing Office
Content: By SUSAN PRESTON Four University students were left homeless by an early morning
    blaze last Sunday. The fire, of undeter mined origin, broke out in the third
    floor apartment in the building lo cated at 229 Market Street. This same
    building houses the Bucknel- lian office and Focht Printing, the
    establishment which prints the newspaper. Fire damage was limited to the
    apartment rented by Ira Packman ^and Rick Beardsley. Severe smoke and water
    damage were suffered by the second floor apartment,

Heading: AAUP Deliberate
Content: 

Heading: Salary Problems
Content: By RICH DAY Tuesday evening, the University's chapter of the American
    Association of University Professors met in the University Lounge to hear
    the re sults of the state AAUP meeting recently held in Harrisburg. Pro
    fessor John Peeler, president of the local chapter, chaired the meeting to
    which only a few faculty mem- #** bers came. He will be attending the
    national meeting of the AAUP to be held in Philadelphia sometime next month.
    Mrs. Zoia Horn, who attended the Harrisburg meeting, reported the major
    concerns of the delegates, among which was the possibility of faculties
    conducting collective bar gaining with their respective schools concerning
    pay reuses. " However," said Mrs. Horn, " the AAUP does not believe
    collective (Continued on Page 4) rented by Ron Patnovis and Steve
    Stanalonis, and by Focht Printing. The students were awakened about 8 a.m.
    by smoke and fled through a back window and fire escape. When the firemen
    arrived on the scene, the third floor apart ment was engulfed in flames. Im
    mediate action by the thirty-two volunteer firemen sustained the blaze to
    the third floor. Most of the belongings in the third floor apartment were
    destroy- V. Murphy, assistant professor of English. They commented that the
    report of the majority of the sub-com mittee " did not reflect the needs and
    desires of the Bucknell student body." The majority of the sub-commit tee,
    consisting of Professors DeHoff, Winstead, and Latour, Miss Peck of the
    Women's Physical Education Department, and students Tom Rivoire and
    Christine Ellison, also presented its report to Dr. Smith earlier this week.
    However, the majority report was unavailable for release at the time of this
    writ ing. In their minority report, the three members stated: " We recommend
    to the CAR that the physical educa tion requirement be abolished and that
    all courses in physical educa tion be elected on a voluntary basis without
    GPA credit." " It is our opinion that requiring students to participate in
    physical education classes conflicts with the concept of personal choice and
    re sponsibility as expressed in the elimination of many University re
    quirements," the minority report further stated. Pointing to the fact that
    physical education 103-104 are the only re quired courses in the Arts
    curricu lum, the minority could find no justification for this requirement
    over that of other disiplines. The minority report also observed that since
    emphasis was placed on recreational activities rather than knowledge of the
    body or physical awareness, " the individual student is mature enough"  to
    make his own choice. The minority cited results from questionnaires
    distributed by the sub-committee and the Women's Physical Education
    Department to substantiate its report as accurately describing student
    opinion. Of 1527 responses, 69% of the (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Fitz Walling
Content: have for financial aid, it could be critical." Walling noted further, " While
    the decrease in applications is not sig nificant now, if the trend continues
    it could be very critical. We still have a selective base but if there are
    further decreases in applications this base will shrink and eventually we
    will be faced with the dilem ma of accepting anyone that can afford to come
    just so that we can keep the college open." For some educators, the decrease
    in applications signals the begin ning of a trent stemming from the current
    " revolt against the ma terialist society." Allan Cartter, chancellor of New
    York University, (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Mt. Everest Climber
Content: 

Heading: Unsoeld Proffers 'Alternative Education'
Content: m m Burned-out apartment on Market Street. (photo by Abdelnour) ed including
    four guitars, a sitar, an autoharp, stero and tape equipment, books and
    notebooks, an " irre- placable" record collection and clothes. Many of the
    belongings in the second floor apartment were (Continued on Page 4) By ED
    MARSTON " By what right, by what ration ale, have you divided the world into
    courses?" , asked Willie Unsoeld in a discussion Monday night con cerning
    alternatives in education. Unsoeld had been at the Uni versity since Friday,
    hosting a fire side at Cowan and a slide presen tation on his assents of
    Mount Everest. Although obviously tired from three days of activities,
    Unsoeld spoke enthusiastically about the ex periment in education which
    begins next fall at Evergreen State Col lege, where he is a faculty mem ber.
    Evergreen, located in Olympia, Washington, is an attempt to rep resent in a
    college a unified view of knowledge and of society. It has no departments,
    grades, or courses in any traditional sense. Unsoeld spoke of the changes in
    our society, technological and philo sophic, which have brought about the
    need for a new approach to education. Since the death of God as a viable
    expression of our re lationship to the universe, Unsoeld said, men have been
    " cast adrift with only our human resources and each other." Therefore, we
    must take on the responsibility of supporting each other. In education, this
    means that the relationship of faculty member to student must change. At
    Evergreen, and at institutions like Evergreen, the attempt is be-

Heading: Willie Unsoeld
Content: ing made to order the classroom around individuals, not around po sitions of
    spurious authority. Classes are small, usually involv ing about ten persons.
    Unsoeld said that as faculty member his role was that of a " guide,"  not
    claim ing any monopoly on expertise in the broad issues discussed. A " port
    folio"  evaluation takes the place of grades. A student at Evergreen can par
    ticipate in the coordinated studies plan or can " contact"  with a pro
    fessor to pursue an interest of his own choosing. Another issue which was
    discus sed is the tendency toward frag mentation of knowledge. Unsoeld
    described our present direction as " rank specialization, run rampant, for
    all the wrong reasons."  He suggested that each separate aca demic
    discipline has a vested in terest in its own perpetuation which is
    detrimental to the pursuit of knowledge. " We don't need experts or lonely
    scholars. What we need more of in this world is citizens--citizens of
    (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: I
Content: #atofMMiqamn*

Heading: J
Content: im

Heading: Hour Rights
Content: 

Heading: Individuals should have the right to
Content: 

Heading: determine guidelines for their own con
Content: 

Heading: duct. TJnaccordmgly, the issue of 24-hour
Content: 

Heading: open dorms still lingers unresolved.
Content: 

Heading: The administration has given the
Content: 

Heading: students minimal concessions thus tar.
Content: 

Heading: The ABS asked President Watts to de
Content: 

Heading: clare dorm autonomy in February, but
Content: 

Heading: the President is waiting for the results
Content: 

Heading: of the recent Student Affairs Committee
Content: 

Heading: poll on attitudes towards present living
Content: 

Heading: situations^cu^ o n  among students and
Content: 

Heading: administrators centers on whether the
Content: 

Heading: students should decide the <<sue for
Content: 

Heading: themselves. Administrators have offered
Content: 

Heading: diversionary arguments. They claim that
Content: 

Heading: restricted hours are educationally sound,
Content: 

Heading: and that students must manifest a
Content: 

Heading: greater responsibility in order to deserve
Content: 

Heading: what they deem the privilege of extended
Content: 

Heading: hdegUr Certain administrators, by their
Content: 

Heading: self-proclaimed experience, maintain that
Content: 

Heading: they know more about student life today
Content: 

Heading: than do the students themselves. Despite
Content: 

Heading: the superficial coherence of these argu
Content: 

Heading: ments, in practice restricted hours are
Content: 

Heading: all but unenforcable and are universally
Content: 

Heading: lgndeg According to anthropologist Marga
Content: 

Heading: ret Mead, "Today, nowhere in the world
Content: 

Heading: are there elders who know what the
Content: 

Heading: children know, no matter how remote and
Content: 

Heading: simple the societies are in which they
Content: 

Heading: 1Ve' Essentially, the issue is of the
Content: 

Heading: rights of individuals, of men and wo
Content: 

Heading: men of this generation, to run their
Content: 

Heading: own lives. The role of the University as
Content: 

Heading: parent is over. The so-called open aca
Content: 

Heading: demic climate must entail the decision by
Content: 

Heading: the student of how he wants to live.
Content: 

Heading: The issue is banal to begin with. Al
Content: 

Heading: though patience remains a virtue in at
Content: 

Heading: tempting to( deal with it, the administra
Content: 

Heading: tion has given the students little course
Content: 

Heading: of action. To end this obsolete conflict,
Content: 

Heading: students
Content: 

Heading: in University residences have
Content: 

Heading: no choice but to take it upon themselves
Content: 

Heading: to declare autonomy and design their
Content: 

Heading: own guidelines for living.
Content: 

Heading: F O C U S: P E A C E
Content: 

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: Editor's Note: The following " People's Peace by representatives of the Natldeg
    ^ hSt"]J" ^0i ^ i e t n a m > in November, student representatives from
    North and South 1970. A nationwide campaign is bemgwagedto the grassroots
    level. Groups are being asked to write tneir owi p and then sign the treaty.
    . ,,  v a r  are opposing the treaty on Other national groups, such as Y. *
    , { vietnamiza- the gounds that it seriously jeopardizes present U.S. plans
    tor tion of the war.

Heading: JOINT TREATY OF PEACE
Content: t h e

Heading: PEOPLE OF THE U
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: ^ S e

Heading: S, SOUTH VIETNAM AND
Content: 

Heading: NORTH VIETNAM
Content: 1 . The Americans agree to immediate and publicly to set the date by which all
    U.S. military forces wiu moved. 2 . The Vietnamese pledge that as soon as
    the U.S. government publicly sets a date for total withdrawal. . * an
    American

Heading: **
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: Vietnam. 4 They will enter discussions on the procedures to guarantee the safety
    of all withdrawing troops. 5 . The Americans pledge to end the g f f i S S Z

Heading: S Z
Content: people of South Vietnam in order to

Heading: msure
Content: their ngnt ttan and so that all political prisoners can be released. #iAEm

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Questionnaire
Content: To the Editor and Respondees to Student Affairs Committee Evalua tion: I was
    asked to distribute a ques tionnaire to my hall group as part of the present
    Evaluation: Co-Resi dential Living, Visitation, Fresh- women and men Quad
    and Women Living Off-Campus being conducted by the Students Affairs
    Committee. I did so with reservations, and would like to encourage all those
    who have filled out and returned questionnaires to reconsider their actions.
    Any data that is derived from the questionnaire cannot be considered valid
    for several rea sons: 1) Questions 1, 3-7, and 10-12 are most offensive.
    They, very slyly, associate visitation and co-residen- tial living with such
    negative ideas as noise, lack of privacy, uninvited visitors, lack of
    personal safety and lack of property security. In so doing, the Student
    Affairs Committee suggests that visitation and co-residential living are re
    sponsible for aberrant behavior in the dormitories. They ask you to assume
    that there is a direct cor relation between visitation and co- residential
    living and unsociable be havior - then they ask you to agree or disagree.
    The manner in which the questions are posed automatical ly biases your
    answer. I maintain that the worries over noise, privacy and property are
    problems that are not to be solved by segregating men and women, and are, in
    fact, irrelevant to the issues. There are many more ed ucationally sound
    ways to solve the problems that arise when people live in close proximity to
    each other. The inclusion of these ques tions in the survey biases it
    against continued innovations in dormitory regulations, and for this reason
    alone, the entire questionnaire must be considered invalid. 2) The
    questionnaire solicits in formation from all students and asks that they
    "respond to all items." This seems legitimate; how ever, let's examine the
    questions themselves. Students A and C, freshwomen, are asked in Question
    No. 8 whether or not the current co-residential liv ing arrangements provide
    (them) with a more realistic living situation than previous housing arrange
    ments." Student A, who lived with a male friend some time in the past might
    respond "STRONGLY DIS AGREE." Likewise, Student C, who has been sheltered
    from the world by her parents and who feels that it is not proper or
    realistic for women to live in close proximity to men might also "STRONGLY

Heading: DIS
Content: AGREE." Pray tell, how does the Student Affairs Committee plan to evaluate such
    a slipshod and ambigious set of questions.

Heading: NO RECOMMENDATIONS THAT
Content: 

Heading: ARE BASED ON THESE QUES
Content: 

Heading: TIONNAIRES CAN BE CONSIDER
Content: 

Heading: ED SERIOUSLY.
Content: Sincerely, Paul Osher

Heading: l&tttkneUian
Content: O FFICIA L STUDENT NEW SPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY E stablished 1897.
    P ub lished twice w eeW y d u rm g  ^ c o U e g e ^ e << .  M e r n ^ ir A
    e^ l a essP A n o n A e m b e y i ,  1922. at th e post office at L ew
    isurg, P a. u n d er th e  act of M arch 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: Junk Mail
Content: To the Editor: Recently, concern has been ex pressed over the mass of junk mail
    that confronts us regularly in our mail boxes. . . After careful obser
    vation for a couple of weeks now, it appears that the biggest culprit in
    this respect is perhaps not Time, Newsweek or the Record Club of America,
    but our campus itself. More often than not, the mailbox welcomes you with an
    overdose of notices describing the various cam pus activities. While this is
    proba bly an attempt to reach each in dividual student, one cannot help
    noticing that most of us toss them into conveniently located trash cans
    after only a brief glance at the headline. The Campus Calendar and the
    Bucknellian adequately inform the students about the goings-on in the
    campus. (This, in itself, is a duplication!) The ubiquitous bul letin board,
    usually with multiple announcements of the same event, (Continued on Page 3)
    u W tr -------- 6. The Vietnamese pledge to form a provisionl coition i e s

Heading: S
Content: o f e l c a n participate freely without the presence of any foreign troops. 7.
    m e

Heading: S
Content: w S PS >> *  S t e l l S  with the

Heading: as.
Content: or with a S , W P erted regime. j Vietnamese agree to respect the independence,

Heading: 8'
Content: 

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: S 3
Content: and 1962 Geneva Conventions and not to intertere affairs of these two countries.

Heading: .. <<p>>p<<
Content: 

Heading: " jis s r s
Content: acceptance by the government of the United States. (Continued from Page 2) is a
    further source of information for one who is interested. This may seem to be
    but a minor aspect of the ever-increasing gar bage around us. Nevertheless,
    it is one which can be acted upon ef fectively. By the way, how many of us
    have even thought of using the stuff from the mail box for scratch paper.
    The same goes for computer print-outs. Sincerely yours, M. Sreenivasan

Heading: Grade Pressure?
Content: To the Editor: . . .  I would like to refute Mr. Mates' letter of March 12 . . .
    Firstly, he said I had a "misper ception about the purpose of grades . .
    Possibly I misinterpreted what he wrote but let me quote from that letter of
    his. Mr. Mates talks of the "non-competitive, zero-pressure environment" of
    a pass-fail system which creates "leisurely dilettant ism." He goes on to
    note that a graduate "will have to face com petition in getting a job" and
    that "he will constantly be under time pressure and constantly evaluated.
    This theme of competition and pres sure is repeated throughout his

Heading: CHARLES MUSSMAN
Content: Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHMDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: SCOTT GEBHARDT
Content: National Adv. Manager STEVE BECKER DOUG BROWN

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager e d i t o r i a l b o a r d d e a n l a n d e w PA U L
    PAYACK

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: Literary Editor

Heading: TOM NOVINGER
Content: News Assistant

Heading: JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: DAVE STEIN
Content: Local Adv. Manager DAVID W EINBERGER STEVE WYATT THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM UnlvTe
    X ,ietWo th e new s w ith - c u r a c y ^ ^ ^

Heading: <<aygs*
Content: author..

Heading: s
Content: 

Heading: "
Content: A ll lette rs m ust be signed and typed double-spaced: how ever, n a m e , may

Heading: to e ^ lT le ^ S n
Content: 

Heading: g&ZflfmZ
Content: and offensive language.

Heading: - 6
Content: pepresenteo fob national , advertising by y

Heading: National Educational Advertising Services
Content: 

Heading: A DIVISION OF
Content: READER'S DIGEST SALES *  H W i e i f i 3 6 0 Lexington A v e ,,  N e w Y o rk ,
    N .

Heading: V.
Content: 100.1

Heading: LZ
Content: -------

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MARCH 18, m i <.?&*'3 to be Serious "These are the bestyearsofyourlife enjoy
    them because soon (eatdrink and be merry) you will replace us in our
    Miserable Lot." so say the parents Unrelenting in their semifrozen resolve.
    Unable to understand the awesome ungratefulness of their children's rude
    unmitigated thoroughly vicious and galling "why?" who has worked longandhard
    at a job he detested (indirectly unknowing contributing to the Rape of the
    Rest of the World) nobly, uselessly, tragically sacrificing now climbing for
    his life to the only life he knows . . . . we are very sorry but you are so
    very wrong, sadly, sam

Heading: IN RESPONSE: YAF
Content: filili 7

Heading: m\
Content: To the Editor : The Draft is a national scandal. Prominent political figures,
    from Barry Goldwater to Eugene Mc Carthy, agree that the Draft should be
    ended. We of the Bucknell Chap ter of Young Americans for Free dom are
    strongly in favor of the abolition of the Draft during peace time and the
    institution of a volunte er army. There are two basic reasons why the Draft
    should be ended: 1) The present Draft is ridiculous ly expensive. It costs
    billions of dollars to train men who will only be in the army for two years.
    This is not to mention the tremendous cost of staffing several thousand
    Draft Boards. A volunteer army is readily observable to be more eco
    nomically feasible than the present system. 2) Most important of all, peace
    time conscription is undeniably a violation of individual liberty, a c cept
    as punishment for crime, The Constitution of the United States as- sures us
    of freedom from the im position of involuntary servitude. Young men between
    the ages of 19 and 26 have committed no crime. Except in time of national
    emer gency, it must be the free choice of the individual to offer or not to
    offer his services to his country. The Bucknell YAF will be placing
    petitions in the cafeterias on Wed nesday night, March 17. There will also
    be a petition posted on the bulletin board outside Vaughan Literature
    Building. The petition will be addressed to Senator Hugh Scott calling for
    (1) an end to the peacetime Draft, (2) the establish- ment of 3 volunteer
    army (3) with the provision of a one-year exten sion of the present system
    in order to allow time for an efficient trans ition to the volunteer system.
    We urge all members of the Bucknell community to join with us in op position
    to peacetime conscription. The Bucknell University Chapter of Young
    Americans for Freedom letter. This indicates to me that be sees the purpose
    of a grade as being a form of pressure which the stu dent must get used to
    in preparation for life. If one were to combine his first letter with his
    second which states that "the grade is simply a convenient means of keeping
    score," one might also be led to believe that monetry payment at a job
    serves the same purpose. Furthermore, he says . . . that students who feel
    the need to excell "would do well with or without grades." This is exactly
    the point. If students who do feel the need to excell have no use for
    grades, then what purpose do grades serve for those who do not have this
    need or a self-motivated interest . . . other than as a form of pressure? '
    Mr. Mates finds further issue con cerning the distinction between learning
    "just for the sake of learn ing" and "learning as a preparation for life."
    Whereas he sees no dif ference between the two, I find that one may preclude
    the other. While learning for curisoity's sake may prepare one for the
    future, learning soley for preparation for life (a duty around which Mr.
    Mates seems to think the University should be cen tered) does not
    necessarily imply

Heading: Engineering Department Offers
Content: 

Heading: Environmental Studies Course
Content: By ROBERT WENDEL "I would like the people to leave this course with an
    appreciation for the enormity of the pollution prob lem, and a feeling that,
    although the problems are in most cases solvable, they will not disappear
    overnight." This expresses the general ob jective for the new chemical en
    gineering course No. 260, which will be offered next semester, and which is
    open to all members of the aca demic community. The statement was made by
    Dr. Eugene Greskovich, assistant pro fessor of chemical engineering who
    along with Dr. James Pommers- heim, associate professor of chemi cal
    engineering, will be teaching the course. Greskovich went on to state that
    the course will be unstructured in the traditional sense. Although there
    will be some kind of textbook, much of the information for the course will
    come from magazines, journals, movies, and guest speakers. In discussing the
    direction of the course, Greskovich stated that the whole course will be "an
    attempt to bring together students with dif ferent interests to discuss the
    var ious facets of the environmental problem." Some of these facets as
    explained will be "Production--Its Economic and Environmental Aspects"; "The
    Web of Responsibility;" "Engineer ing Action and Ethics;" "Anti-pol lution
    Devices and Techniques;" and "Federal, State, and Local Regula tions." a.
    One of the tasks which will be ex plored according to Greskovich will be
    "anti-technology." He feels that in some cases pollution could be stopped
    simply by using the argu ment that if a given process is pol luting the
    environment, it should simply be shut down. However, he went on to say that
    in most cases, public demand for a product prevents this approach, and that
    it is precisely the problem of public demand which makes the anti-pollution
    dilemma so enorm ous." Greskovich stated that in an effort to bring both the
    extent of the problem, and its political implica tions into perspective, he
    intends to go to Washington, D.C. to try to draw guest speakers and
    lecturers, to discuss the national issue, and also to bring local and state
    of ficials from Williamsport. Greskovich emphasized that the course is not
    "engineering" per se and would not necessarily be j "easier" for an
    engineering major, j In fact, as planned now, there would not be any exams,
    but rather | the course grade would be based j on classwork and
    participation. In conclusion, he said "I'm hoping this course engenders some
    really good discussion, and will offer everyone a soap box from which they
    can make their feelings known."

Heading: Comments?
Content: 

Heading: The BUCKNELLIAN is interested
Content: 

Heading: in receiving comments from <<0
Content: 

Heading: members of the community con
Content: 

Heading: cerning any topics of concern. Ad
Content: 

Heading: dress letters and columns to Edi
Content: 

Heading: torials Editor, BUCKNELLIAN.
Content: learning for personal pleasure. In fact, it is possible a student could go
    through a university learning not what he wants to, but what someone else
    says he has to. Lastly, I would like to comment on the overall theme Mr.
    Mates has been preoccupied with, which can be summed up in his words, ". . .
    the problems we face today cannot be solved without the most dis ciplined
    application of knowledge we are capable of." Certainly, proper application
    of knowledge is a prerequisite to solving world pro blems but Mr. Mates'
    entire at titude seems to be toward forcing people to follow specific
    guidelines of study and preparation in order that, like robots, they can go
    out and apply their knowledge to the benefit of humanity no matter how bored
    or unfulfilled they may feel. There is a catch, though. By this very
    specificity one's creativity is stifled . . . Personally I prefer life to be
    an adventure or exploration whereas Mr. Mates seems to see himself as part
    of a great American movement to produce scientific and literary
    mechanization even at the cost of meaningful human relations. I will not end
    with a challenge. . . But I will accept his challenge and do my best to see
    if my plan might be at least carried out on an experimental basis.
    Sincerely, John de Benedictis

Heading: Apology
Content: To the Editor: Last week I submitted -- ahead of time -- an article concerning
    the lecture by the chairman of the Shamokin Creek Watershed Associa tion.
    Somewhat naively, I expected to see it in print in last Friday's paper.
    Having been unable to dis cover and/or unable to contact those gremlins
    responsible for lay- ing-out last Friday's Bucknellian, perhaps you, a
    venerable editor, would perform the kindness of pub lishing whose
    arbitrariness or care- on-campus presentation of a movie- lessness is
    responsible for the omis sion? Ben Nelson (Editor's Note: We would like to
    apologize both to Mr. Nelson and to any other individuals who would have
    liked to attend this event for our oversight. It is unfortunate that we
    occasionally fail to print an nouncements of all campus events, but because
    of space limitations this is sometimes unavoidable).

Heading: Dateline: The Campus
Content: By STEVE SHEDD Several student papers have been suspended for printing abor tion
    referral service advertisements. A February 22 article m the "Chronicle for
    Higher Education" noted that student papers on at least eight campuses have
    been suspended for the printing of the ads. The student papers of Concordia
    College, Niagra University, University of Georgia, and Ohio University were
    listed as some of those temporarily closed down. The Chronicle stated that
    most people do not realize that the referral service alone can cost one
    hundred dollars or more. There is referral information free on most campuses
    as well as through Planned Parenthood offices. The Temple University News
    reported that information concern ing the procuring of the birth control
    pill is now available to any female student on the campus. It was stated
    that the Health Service would not turn the pill over to anyone, but they
    would refer stu dents to the Family Planning Center of the Temple University
    Hospital. All that is required is a referral form signed by a doctor for the
    Health Service. Next, an appointment is scheduled at the Family Planning
    Center. A physical examination is administered as well as advice on
    contraceptive methods. The type of pills required as indicated by the
    examination are then distributed free of charge. The Bullet, Mary Washington
    College's newspaper relates that birth control pills are readily available
    on that campus. Several doctors in the vicinity will prescribe the oral
    contraceptive, to un married women, with no questions asked, after a
    toorough physical examination and a Pap smear. It warns against the use of
    the pill even though it is the most reliable contraceptive. (It has only a
    one ner cent chance of failure) This warning stems from information supplied
    by distinguished researchers noting several possible side effects of the
    pill. Examples are blood-clotting, cancer, heart-disease, diabetes and
    jaundice which can afflict the user. e e o e o e e e o o e e e e o s e e e o
    e e s

Heading: B R U N O ' S
Content: 

Heading: House of Fashion
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-0790
Content: 

Heading: 50005009000009060600080
Content: 

Heading: Meckley s Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 524-0744
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: 

Heading: jooossesissssiosjiswooa<<*>>***>>*
Content: 

Heading: 8deg
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of living............You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER
Content: 

Heading: In
Content: 

Heading: EUROPE for $199.00
Content: 

Heading: June 2 to August 28--New York to Amsterdam
Content: (Round Trip) CALL SALLY LIFLAND ( 717 ) 524-1477

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: (Open only to Bucknell Students and Educational S ta ff- Price Based on 60
    Seats)

Heading: Catherman
Content: 

Heading: !"
Content: 

Heading: v
Content: 

Heading: HAND DIPPED
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL
Content: 

Heading: EASTER
Content: 

Heading: ASSORTMENTS
Content: 

Heading: AND
Content: 

Heading: GIFTS
Content: 

Heading: WE beautifully box each assortment
Content: 

Heading: and will gladly mail your order any
Content: 

Heading: where.
Content: 

Heading: OPEN 9:00 A- M. TO 9:00 P. M.
Content: 

Heading: 209
Content: 

Heading: NORTH FRONT STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG.
Content: 

Heading: 523-7761
Content: 

Heading: Parts & Service
Content: 

Heading: AU
Content: 

Heading: Foreign Cars
Content: MARCH 18, IOTI

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: SUSQUEHANNA VALLEY WHITE
Content: 

Heading: Selinsgrove "At the Bridge"
Content: 

Heading: --  Dealers for --
Content: 

Heading: DODGE --  RENAULT --  TRIUMPH
Content: 

Heading: W.
Content: ! CRBMiHnSVBMNSlMWSWWV 1 J&yvy i

Heading: 0
Content: 

Heading: Happenings o f Note
Content: 

Heading: "To Be Young, Gifted and Black"
Content: Bernard Ward and Tina Sattin, from the original New York cast of " To Be Young,
    Gifted and Black,"  portray the friends and characters of Lorraine
    Hansberry, prize-winning dramatist and subject of the auto biographical play
    which will be presented tonight at 8:30 p.m. in Cole man Theatre. Tickets
    are on sale at the Bookstore for $3.50. For further information about the
    presentation and its subject, see "Spotlight"  on page 5. Editor's Note:
    Happening of Note should be submitted by 8 a.m., Monday and Thursday, typed
    on an 8 ^ " x ll"  sheet of paper. Due to space limitations announcements
    already listed on the Campus Calendar will not be printed. The BUCKNELLIAN
    reserves the right to edit all copy. Priority will be given to Happenings
    pretaining to the entire University community.

Heading: Finances
Content: On Wednesday, March 31 there wiwill be a forum on " Finances and Priorities for
    the University-Es- pec !ally Bucknell" with Provost Wendel Smith, Mr. John
    Zeller, Dr. Gene Chenowetz of political science and Dr. Cotter of geology.
    This forum is part of the C.A. " Focus on Education"  and will be held at 8
    p.m. in the University Lounge.

Heading: Four Hand Music
Content: A recital of music for four hands at one piano will be performel by Professors
    Darina Tuhy and William McRae on Tuesday March 30, at 8:15 p.m. in Vaughan
    Literature Auditorium.

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: a

Heading: s
Content: 3 g a5

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: K
Content: 3i>>

Heading: E
Content: s 3 3 .e x c l u s i v e !

Heading: Student
Content: 

Heading: fares to
Content: 

Heading: Europe
Content: 

Heading: Saveupto
Content: 

Heading: '212
Content: 

Heading: round-trip jet
Content: Icelandic Airlines jets you from New York to Lux embourg in the heart of Europe
    for best connections to everywhere. If you stay overseas over 45 days or
    under 17 days, our new student fare of $300 round trip saves you $212 as
    against lowest comparable fares of any other sched uled airline. Effective
    for students, ages 12 to 26, who depart before June 1 or after August 15.
    Even lower fares for groups. Save via Icelandic no matter how long you stay.
    See your travel agent. Mail coupon. To: Icelandic Airlines 630 Fifth Ave.,
    N.Y. 10020 (212) PL 7-8585 Send folder CN on Lowest Jet j | Fares to Europe
    # Student *- Fares # ; Name

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: Travels
Content: 

Heading: 'First Class' in Contest
Content: A First Class rating was awarded The Bucknellian by the Associated Collegiate
    Press at the University of Minnesota in the 84th All Ameri can Critical
    Service. Approximately 5CO newspapers from throughout the United States were
    evaluated. Newspapers published from Sep tember, 1970, through January,
    1971, were judged on coverage and con tent, writing and editing, editorial
    leadership, physical appearance and photography. Marks of Distinction for
    superior achievement may be awarded in each of the five cate gories and a
    paper must receive at Wl 3IK c

Heading: s
Content: #o

Heading: Unsoeld
Content: Street S City State Zip My travel agent is >n Iffin 3m

Heading: C
Content: 

Heading: 3
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: ICELANDIC
Content: 

Heading: _
Content: ^

Heading: LO FM ID D ^
Content: (Continued from Page 1) the world." Instead of courses, Evergreen has programs
    that are one year long and are taught by a team of five faculty members
    representing several related fields. Each pro gram, or 'school,' deals with
    a single broatj intellectual concern. Unsoeld readily admitted that the
    freedom offered by such a system is not for everyone. " It's not for those
    students who need a pretty tight structure." Unsoeld was asked how he en
    visioned the reordering of society. He responded by saying that a sense of
    community was necessary where individual needs were sub ordinate to the
    needs of the group. To avoid a " totalitarian" system, Unsoeld said that the
    community that he had in mind would not be destructive of individual
    freedom. " What I want to see is a com munity in which the disparate in
    dividuals are held together in a dynamic tension."

Heading: A B O R T IO N
Content: 

Heading: Q U E S T IO N S ?
Content: If you, or a friend, are seeking an abortion, the Women's Pavilion Inc. can help
    you. Call us now (collect, if you wish) and one of our dedicated staff will
    answer your questions about placement in accredited Hospitals and Clinics in
    New York City at low cost. It is advisable to call us as soon as possible
    after you learn you are pregnant. In many cases, the cost can be very low,
    and you can arrive in New York City in the morning and be on your way home
    that evening. We can also help you with airplane and other transportation
    arrangements.

Heading: IF YOU NEED SOMEBODY TO TALK TO, CALL US ANYTIME
Content: 

Heading: AT (212) 371-6670 or (212) 759-6810
Content: 

Heading: AVAILABLE 7 DAYS A WEEK / STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: E
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: ' S  P
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: V
Content: 

Heading: I L
Content: 

Heading: I O
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: I N
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: 

Heading: V
Content: 515 Madison Avenue New York, N.Y. 10022

Heading: Walling
Content: 

Heading: Appropriations
Content: All ABS sponsored student organ izations who have NOT received appropriation
    request forms for the 1971-72 fiscal year, please contact Chuck Resnick at
    3515 or 3150 im mediately. These forms are due April 5 and only those
    organiza tions submitting itemized requests will be eligible for funds.

Heading: Hoagie Sale
Content: A Hoagie Sale will be held on Wednesday, March 31 at 10 p.m. in New Dorm and
    Swartz lounges. It is sponsored by the women of Mor tar Board. least four
    such credits to be rated All American. The Bucknellian received Mark of
    Distinction credit for superior ac complishment in news content and
    coverage. Ratings of First Class (excellent); Second Class (very good); and
    Third Class (good) are given on the basis of total numerical scores acheived
    in the five classifications. " Covering the college campus and relating to
    national events offers an increasing challenge to the news paper staff
    working with limited time and funds,"  Otto W. Quale, ACP Executive
    Director, stated. " An over-all study indicates they are doing an
    outstanding job fully aware of both the opportunities and obligatios of a
    free and responsible press."

Heading: Phys Ed
Content: (Continued from Page 1) men and 61% of the women felt that physical education
    should not be required. However, 60% of the men and 73% of the women enjoyed
    physical education classes, and 51% of the men and 68% of the women stated
    that they would participate in physical education classes even if not
    required. The minority ended its report say ing: " Students do have a great
    in terest in physical education but strongly feel that the requirement
    should be abolished. The concern of the students may only be met by ending
    the present requirement while improving and expanding course offerings in
    physical educa tion." Consenting on the minority re port, Holoszyc stated: "
    This report stands up better than the majority report. It has better
    rationale."

Heading: ABS
Content: (Continued from Page 1) two recommendations, but that he looks upon living units
    declaring their own visitation hours as re grettable." Nachshin also
    inquired about the possibility of having Watts open up his office a few
    hours each week to enable students to come in and talk. Watts seemed very
    receptive to this idea.

Heading: Upward Bound
Content: Project Upward Bound is current ly soliciting applications from Buck nell
    undergraduates for from two to five tutor-counselor positions with the
    Project in summer, 1971 and in the 1971-1972 academic year. In terested
    students should contact Lawrence F. Bassett, Taylor Street House (524-0584)
    for further infor mation and applications. Since ap plication deadline is
    March 29, 1971, interested students should try to secure application before
    Spring Break.

Heading: Apple Butter
Content: On Monday, March 29, apple but ter will be on sale at several loca tions on
    campus. The sale is being sponsored by the Lewisburg Jay- Cees and proceeds
    will go to the mentally retarded children's fund.

Heading: Apartments
Content: Those students planning to live off-campus next year should try to secure
    apartments as soon as pos sible. The deadline for cancelling residence hall
    room contracts is June 1.

Heading: Fire
Content: (Continued from Page 1) salvagable. Tarpaulins were placed over the equipment in
    the printing and news paper office to prevent serious water damage. Arthur
    Miller, owner of the build ing, said no estimate of the losses can be made
    until the insurance company has finished its investiga tion. Beardsley and
    Packman are cur rently being housed with friends while the two other
    students are being temporarily housed on fifth Trax. Students have taken up
    a collection to help Beardsley and have already collected $200. The Union
    County emergency squad aided the firemen later that same afternoon, in
    removing the 50,000 gallons of water that had been pumped into the building
    while fighting the fire.

Heading: A
Content: wall in Packman's bedroom, (photo by Abdelnour)

Heading: AAUP
Content: (Continued from Page 1) bargaining should be based solely on economics." Too,
    the AAUP does not advocate teachers' strikes, nor a closed-shop policy
    concerning re presentation for collective bargain ing, either of which could
    result in an adversary system between fac ulty and administrators. Professor
    Peeler, commenting on the statements, remarked that he " (did) not want to
    necessarily be subjected to the decisions of an other person who is
    representing the faculty. This is 'forced-solidar ity'."  He added, " We now
    have autonomy and have true collective barganing." Furthermore, Mrs. Horn
    related that the delegates adopted a series of revised constitutional by-
    laws and discussed such matters as the evaluation of faculty and students
    alike. Mrs. Horn was one of 100 dele- gates attending the meeting, which
    represented the approximate 7,000 AAUP members in Pennsylvania. She also
    noted that Pennsylvania is second only to New York in AAUP membership.
    Later, Dr. Joseph Skein addressed the faculty concerning his suspen sion and
    subsequent dismissal from Bloomsburg State College this past fall. Dr.
    Skein, who was a professor of economice at Bloomsburg State College,
    discussed at length the al leged illegal action and the broad scope of its
    affects on other faculty members at Bloomsburg. Presently, the case is
    pending court proceedings which Dr. Skein hoped would be concluded by the
    fall. Finally, Dr. Skein expressed his thanks to all those who had con
    tributed to his defense fund and supported his efforts to correct the
    alleged injustice done to him.

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MARCH 18, 1971 (Continued from Page 1) has said in a paper presented in March
    1970 to the American As sociation for Higher Education that " there is
    growing evidence of re bellion againse the collegiate formal educational
    process and the stand ard degree pattern." He continued, " Dropping out --
    and intermittently dropping in again -- may become a much more com mon
    occurence . . .  In short, the danger is real that expansion-mind ed state
    planning agencies may overbuild the state systems of high er education by
    the middle or late 1970s. As we approach that danger point, a substantial
    portion of the private section will be fighting a losing battle for
    survivaL" In conclusion, Cartter stated, " Only those private institutions
    that provide an educational exper ience far superior to that of the public
    institutions are likely to sur vive in a world with more openings than
    students."

Heading: Third World Guest
Content: Irving Horowitz, one of the Third World guests, will speak about " De velopment
    and Problems of Interaations Cooperation in the Seventies." His talk will be
    held in 102A Coleman at 3:45 on Friday, April 2. The Bucknellian will print
    a complete schedule for the weekend on April 2.

Heading: mm
Content: ]

Heading: IH
Content: !SSSSSSSSg!n

Heading: #
Content: <<|gp I

Heading: it  <<
Content: 

Heading: !8
Content: 

Heading: Regional Plans Promoted
Content: 

Heading: SEDA Director Discusses Area Ecological Projects
Content: . _ , ___ j

Heading: __
Content: u

Heading: _
Content: ..-nnnciii he renewed? mented. i l l  ! # i

Heading: &EEE
Content: IM I: .Isba<< 'Sas>>

Heading: S I
Content: << E l 3E By KARL BLAKE Features Editor's Note: This article is the third in a
    series of articles dealing with ecology at the Uni versity and in the
    Lewisburg area. * * * The Susquehanna Economic De velopment Association,
    located in the Timberhaven Conference Center on Rt. 15, is a multi-county
    plann ing and development organization serving an area of central Pennsyl
    vania consisting of 6300 square miles of land and 550,000 people. SEDA
    receives funds from the Appalachian Regional Commission, but also from
    private industry and the eleven county governments in the SEDA region. SEDA
    has done studies and made recommendations for handling prob lems in such
    areas as regional sewer systems, solid waste manage ment, water resource
    management, highways, industrial growth, health services, housing and
    tourism. The following interview was held with Richard Kauffman, director of
    environmental planning at SEDA. Bucknellian: Do you see any con flict
    between SEDA's development goals and its goal of preserving the quality of
    the environment? Kauffman: I wouldn't put it quite that way, but I think
    conflicts do arise in certain situations. For ex ample, SEDA was asked by
    the Appalachian Commission to express its views on the new Appalachian
    Throughway. This highway will pro mote industrial development, and I am not
    against it, but I recommend that every dollar the federal and state
    governments put into highway construction should be matched with gitniiar
    dollars to take care of the environmental problems that Will * * * >>  * * *
    * * >> ' #

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: p o t
Content: To Be Young, Gifted and Black, ^ last season's longest running off- Broadway
    comedy-drama, will be presented at 8:30 p.m. tonight in Coleman Theatre.
    Directed by Will Mott, the road company stars three of the initial New York
    cast mem bers: Tina Sattin, Bernard Ward, and Garry Mitchell. The production
    is a self portrait of and by Lorraine Hansberry, the brilliant author of A
    Raisin in the Sun. It is a major statement re creating the world of the
    woman, the artist, and the black experience, and is presented by a
    interracial cast who in turn portray Miss Hans berry, the people who most
    affected her, and the characters she created. With the presentation of A
    Raisin in the Sun, Lorraine Hansberry was the youngest dramatist ever to win
    the New York Drama Critics Award for " The Best Play of the Year." When
    cancer claimed her life five vears later, at 34, her second play, The Sign
    in Sidney Brustein's Win dow was running on Broadway. Les Blancs, produced
    posthumously this * season, has been widely mentioned as a contender for the
    " Tony"  and Critics Circle Awards. " An extraordinary achievement so
    brilliantly and tenderly alive," wrote Nat Hentoff in the New York Sunday
    Times of To Be Young, Gifted and Black. Time Magazine called it " a
    milestone in the black- white confrontation,"  while Harold Clurman in The
    Nation hailed it as " an understanding embrace of our fellow men." Tickets
    for the performance may be obtained from the Bookstore for $2.50. Tomorrow
    night at 8:00 p m. in Vaughan Literature Auditorium,

Heading: I
Content: Hilltop will feature Viva Maria, a 1966 film by director Louis Malle. A "fresh,"
    " delightfully relaxed" comedy, the film is a handsomely photographed,
    romantic fairy tale for adults. Jeanne Moreau plays the leading lady of a
    vaudeville troup, making its way through Central America at the turn of the
    century. Wary, but not weary of love, she is on the lookout for a grand
    passion to warm her twilight years, which eventually comes (and goes) in the
    form: of a local revolutionary (George Hamil- be created by the influx of
    addi tional people and industry. But it is doubtful that the commission will
    accept this recommendation. B: What specific activities of SEDA are aimed at
    preserving the environment? K: For one thing, we are doing solid waste
    studies for the counties in our region. Sanitary landfill is the method we
    promote, because this is a rural area and cost is a real consideration. The
    land fills will solve the im mediate problem, but in the long run we may run
    out of landfill areas, and so we are also hoping to develop a regional plan
    promot ing the resource recovery concept. We are toying with the idea of in
    stalling at the new landfill to be built in Union County, some means of
    pulling out the paper, glass bot tles, ferrous metals, and so forth. The
    U.S. Bureau of Mines has re cently developed equipment that will do this.
    The separated materials can then be transferred to facilities for recycling
    that already exist, such as National Gypsum, which makes use of old paper.
    All municipalities in Union County have accepted our proposal, which will
    enable Lewisburg to close up its landfill, which has been a very poor one
    because of its location on a flood plain. But in other counties we haven't
    had such good coopera tion. The problem of getting several communities to
    cooperate on one plan has also plagued us in our plans for regional sewer
    systems. B: What are the prospects for getting better cooperation on such
    regional plans? K: To encourage regionalization, that is, getting several
    municipali ties to cooperate on a regional plan, the state planning board
    should re quire that municipalities within a certain sewer region or a
    certain solid waste region either cooperate in a regional plan or not
    receive as sistance from the state or federal government for that particular
    ac tivity. This hasn't been done in the past, because estblishing such
    regions throughout the state would be such a costly undertaking, but I think
    it may be done in the future. B: There was a proposal some years ago to user
    old strip mine pits in this area as disposal sites for wastes from
    Philadelphia. Will this proposal be renewed? K: Yes. The idea failed last
    time because the Reading Railroad, which bought some of the pits an nounced
    that it was going to dispose there, failed to use diplomacy and antagonized
    the local people. The main obstacle now is a po litical one. Both the
    township super visors and the county commissioners would like to accept
    Philadelphia refuse, but the question is whether the county or the township
    gets the money which the railroad will pay for the right to dump. Eventually
    they will probably decide to split it and we will see this plan imple
    mented. B: How do you feel about nuclear power? K: People have to make up
    then- minds about this. If they are willing to reduce their consumption of
    electricity, to stop using their vacu um cleaners and television sets, fine.
    But if not, then the demand for power will keep increasing, and nuclear
    power will be necessary. B: Are cooling towers now re quired on all nuclear
    power plants? K: Definitely. Even on some fossil fuel plants, such as the
    new one at Washingtonville, cooling towers are being installed.

Heading: Yoga: For Fun and Profit
Content: m w i. * r __ 1 ___ .If - m L aii * in fVtu nfll

Heading: UGH
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: By JACKIE STUBBA If you've ever passed by Hunt living room on a Tuesday night be
    tween 9 and 10 p.m., you may have noticed about a dozen people scat tered on
    the floor with their bodies bent in unbelievable positions, ab sorbed in
    thought. Don't worry, this is not a sensitivity session left over from
    freshman orientation. It's one of the weekly Yoga classes spon sored by
    Indigo. Marcy Newcomer, a sophomare who organized the Jan Plan Yoga classes,
    is continuing her instruc tion throughout this semester and possibly next
    fall also. This popular art of coordinating one's mind and body is open to
    anyone interested in attending each week or even those curious in coming to
    one class. Each week the group engages in basically the same exercises,
    stretches, bends and twists. Unlike calisthenics, every part of the body is
    used, conditioning the muscles to stretch farther, with greater flexi
    bility. Thus the inexperienced novice need not be nervous or embarrassed at
    his own underdeveloped form. For some people it comes natural . to twist
    their legs into the Lotus position; others have to gradually work into it.
    Everyone is at a dif ferent level of dexterity, as' the sound of cracking
    bones will verify. And as you stretch your muscles and increase your
    flexibility, you may even gorw an inch or two in the process. Yoga is an
    ancient practice from the Far Eastern cult. According to tradition and the
    writings of an cient manuscripts, each exercise has a specific name, such as
    the Co bra, the Lion, or the Sun Salutation. Animal references are common,
    however the aged gurus seemed to have omitted one--the Bison. This one does
    exist and has several vari ations. If you don't think so, just observe the
    people coming out of the cafeteria the next time you're in line about to go
    in. Watching them may inspire you to do this too. Yoga is fun to perform,
    but there is also a serious side to it. After an hour of exercising and
    resting, the group goes into individual medi tation for half an hour in the
    dark. Completely relaxed and stretched out on the floor, this is one of the
    most enjoyable and refreshing as pects of Yoga, especially after go ing
    through all of the exercises. As several students commented, " You feel a
    strong sense of peace and harmony; a new awareness of your mind and body."
    Yoga can be physically beneficial for the body, especially as old age
    approaches. Age tends to tighten the muscles, but the emphasis on
    flexibility helps to rejuvenate them and keep them young. There are also
    various exercises to help di gestion--that could be definitely helpful here,
    breathing exercises to help smokers--another aspect which might be
    considered, and neck and back exercises--those are great in the middle of
    all nighters. There are many advantages to be derived from Yoga. Even one
    lesson in Yoga gives a refreshing and mem orable experience.

Heading: I
Content: ton). Bridgette Bardot joins the vaude ville troupe when her anarchist father is
    killed trying to blow up a bridge. She is as innocently indis criminant
    about her love as she is with TNT, and is contrasted with the heavy-
    breathing passion of Mor eau. The two females combine to carry on the work
    of the soon dead Hamil ton, involving themselves in exploits which include
    the single-handed storming of a gun emplacement by Bardot, the strategic
    placing of a wasps nest to stop an armored train, and the training of a
    magic ian's doves into an air force. In Viva Maria, Malle satirizes
    political passions and the violence they beget, while maintaining a comic
    mood, and one removed from reality. The current feature at the Cam pus
    Theatre in Lewisburg is Walt Disney's Wild Country. At Sunbury's Strand,
    Sidney J. Furie's Little Fauss and Big Halsy is the main attraction. Gazing
    upon small-time racing, endurance runs, and hill climbs, the two " quintes-
    sentially American characters"  of Fauss (Michael J. Pollard) and Halsy
    (Robert Redford) are de veloped. _ . . . Fauss is the shy, inarticulate,
    fhiiHiikp mechanic who is too un formed a human being to accept the
    competitive challenge of ^be coming a racer. Halsy is the " go- faster"  who
    constantly loses races as a result of unchecked tempers and engines.
    Together they form a more or less functioning human being of surpassing
    incompetence. When joined by Rita Nebraska, the provoker of troubles who ac
    centuates the fact that Fauss and Halsy can't stand each other, neither can
    find an adequate way of expressing his love for her. Based on violent
    losers, there is no romantic note in the film. Despite the director's
    unsuccess ful attempt to inject momentous meaning into the film, Richard
    Schickel of Life Magazine found it a " fine, tough, funny movie, dis
    tinguished by Furie's extraordinary feel for empty spaces and the empty
    people that inhabit them. . .

Heading: Professor Hogo
Content: 

Heading: Presents Poetry
Content: Poet Richard Hugo will read his own work in Vaughan Literature Building library
    at 8 p.m., March 30. The reading is free and is open to the public. For Mr.
    Hugo, currently a visit ing professor of the Writers Work shop at the
    University of Iowa, this is a return visit to the University. He is a friend
    of Poet John Wheat- croft, professor of English litera ture. A native of
    Seattle, Mr. Hugo studied with the late American poet Theodore Roethke. He
    is on leave from the University of Montana, where he has had a double
    reputa- , tion based on both the critical ac- claim given his writing and
    the j testimonials given concerning his i teaching by poets who have studied
    | under him. He is the recipient of both the Theodore Roethke Prize and
    Helen Bullis Award.

Heading: K
Content: 1 9

Heading: I I S
Content: i t

Heading: S
Content: y yi , ,

Heading: mi
Content: f f p f e Twisted bodies but relaxed minds sprawl across Hunt Room's floor on
    Tuesday nights, between 9 and 10 p.m. Pertormmg 5

Heading: S
Content: 5 , ~ " u . a , "  J n E " Sun Salutation" << * * * > .  * * 3 << gather each
    week to " r e l ^ " <>>>#*. S" "

Heading: P R E 6 H A M T ?
Content: 

Heading: M E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN  ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
Content: Legal Abortions Without Delay

Heading: A R T ' S  B A K E R Y
Content: 

Heading: For the Tops in Lox
Content: 

Heading: --G o o d  Bagel's Too
Content: 

Heading: Art's Bakery
Content: 

Heading: 500 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: BY THE R. R. TRACKS
Content: 

Heading: FRANKIE VALLI & THE 4 SEASONS
Content: 

Heading: Sat, March 27-3
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: 8 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: Zembo Mosque, Harrisburg
Content: Presented By

Heading: (r)
Content: 

Heading: Hershey Sports Arena
Content: Price $5.00 Tax Incl. F#>> Tickets Coll Hershey (717) 533-9101 After 10

Heading: KM.
Content: Contact Your Nearest Hershey Agency,*>>

Heading: USE THIS COUPON
Content: 

Heading: HERSHEY SPORTS ARENA
Content: 

Heading: HERSHEY, PA. 17033
Content: n o u n  3 PM. O Enclosed ta S tat Tickets at $ >>

Heading: LJ
Content: * r u Encloeea M *

Heading: PO>> THE << SEASONS -
Content: 

Heading: MARCH 17
Content: Name Address City -- . Stata Up Make Remittance Payable To
    li*Ph(r)Ye^^ci^tTetoni Endose Stamped, Self-Addressed Envelope For Ticket
    Retar<< MARCH 18, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: . m #MMMMMMMMilll M W u a E M M E M M A I

Heading: Cap & Dagger Strikes Again
Content: 

Heading: Reviewer Hails ' Trojan Women' Production
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: i v / 1 /  l / V / v x phnractprs. from the grimy a studiously affected movement
    j By SANDRA MARTIN Jean-Paul Sartre has described the style of The Trojan
    Women as " not a tragedy like the Antigone, but an oratorio."  Taken as
    such, it is possible to view Cap and Dag ger's latest production from that
    standpoint-as a heroic text put ludes. All three were interwoven skillfully
    to achieve a collage of al ternating rhythms--the slow ca dence of the
    Trojan women and chorus followed by the explosive, forceful intrusion of the
    Greeks. We see the initial anguish of Hecuba displayed in her first re-
    Hecuba (Terry Ellis) bemoans the fellow Trojan women. forth in a musically
    structured set ting, Sartre's adaptation was ad mirably staged last weekend
    under the direction of Dr. Harvey Powers. Essential to the staging of such a
    heroic text--or oratorio--are the elements of dramatic declamation or
    recitative, accompanied " solo songs"  or arias, and choral inter- fate of
    her fallen city of Troy to her citative, followed by the spotlit aria as she
    " sings"  her grief while the chorus enters to accompany her. The solemn
    keening of the women is sharply broken by the entrance of the cocksure
    victors. The pattern is set--only with each repetition the agony of the
    Trojans grows more pronounced and more unendurable. Novel Approaches The
    setting, designed by James Lyon, also served to emphasize the staging of Dr.
    Powers. The " jungle gyms"  at the rear of a raked stage, representing the
    ruins of Troy, were employed as cages both restraining and protecting the
    women of Troy, the set as a whole effectively com municated the desolate
    state of the city and its inhabitants. Novel, too, was the approach to wards
    the god Poseidon and the goddess Pallas Athena--the essence of their power
    over man's destiny was exposed by representing them as massive mastheads and
    utiliz ing offstage voices. Perhaps here the use of either a single voice or
    an entire chorus per deity would have been less disconcerting than the
    constant switching of voices; nevertheless, the effect was time less--as the
    gods plan the ultimate fate of men while Hecuba lies help less on the
    ground, so do the diplo mats of present times determine the destiny of
    peoples today. The Play of Light The lighting effects conveyed the message
    of this oratorio, contrast ing harsh, realistic light that came to be
    identified with the Greek con tingent, to the more ethereal light for the
    Trojan women. Especially powerful were the spotlighting on the women during
    their soliloquies and the special light sequence utilized for the final
    burning of Troy. The costuming also served to highlight the various
    circumstances of the characters, from the grimy tatters of the defeated
    Trojans, through the polished uniforms of the Greek soldiers, to the gaudy
    finery of Helen. The Cast No review of a dramatic produc tion is considered
    complete with out an examination of the acting in volved. Terry Ellis as
    Hecuba was a true vision of wearied but un faltering strength; the range of
    emo tions she conveyed and the clarity of her delivery were nothing less
    than inspiring. The scene involving Cassandra, as portrayed by Joan Billig,
    was to my mind the most theatrically ex citing event of the evening. Her ex
    cellently choreographed dance of madness, coupled with a convinc ing
    intensity, provided the audience with an unmatched display of vir tuosity. ,
    . Sally Gudbrandsen's Andromache seemed somewhat hindered by a stiffness of
    movement; but in her first appearance on the Coleman stage, she delivered
    her speeches well, tapping an inner source for a sustained performance. Miss
    Gud- brandsen was at her best in her quiet soliloquy addressed to the
    audience. , Talthybios is perhaps Euripides most human character in the
    play-- he has none of the clearly defined motives of the others and as such
    is a complex character to analyze. Robert Colgan admirably mastered the
    divided sympathies of Talthybios and performed well, although he had a
    studiously affected movement pat tern that detracted from a totally polished
    performance. Nancy Henry's Helen was the epitome of coy and cunning femin
    ine deception--a stark contrast to the honest despair of her Trojan
    counterparts. As Hecuba delivered a retort to Helen's explanation of her
    motives, Miss Henry's facial demeanor clearly expressed her in difference
    and wily character. Menelaus, as portrayed by Charles Pollock, abondoned the
    bombastics of his initial entrance and effected a low-key delivery with
    varied energy levels that was pleasing to hear. The hints of des pair in his
    voice bespoke volumes as he battled with his conscience in the matter of his
    duty and pride. Sorority of Misery The chorus of Trojan women were a
    tightly-knit and controlled group, thanks to Dr. Powers' direction and
    staging. They presented a sorry sorority of misery--a timeless pic ture of
    women scarred by war. Especially commendable among

Heading: The CRA: he's
Content: 

Heading: where ite at
Content: i i M

Heading: Mmt&A
Content: 

Heading: f
Content: 

Heading: fSS
Content: 

Heading: mmm
Content: 1 1 mm << u

Heading: mm
Content: 

Heading: mm
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: I l  I f

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: When there's a tough business deci
Content: 

Heading: sion to be made, the Certified Public
Content: 

Heading: Accountant is a man everybody wants
Content: 

Heading: to have around.
Content: 

Heading: His advice often makes the differ
Content: 

Heading: ence between success or failure.
Content: 

Heading: He's a key man in developing and
Content: 

Heading: ! interpreting economic data.
Content: 

Heading: And in every type of enterprise.
Content: 

Heading: You name it: television, steel, oil,
Content: 

Heading: government, hospitals, aerospace.
Content: 

Heading: WhatqualitiesshouldaCPA have?
Content: 

Heading: He should be able to think creatively,
Content: 

Heading: analyze problems, and come up with
Content: 

Heading: imaginative solutions. And he should
Content: 

Heading: be the kind of man that people can
Content: 

Heading: put their confidence in.
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: CPA might join an accounting
Content: 

Heading: firm and eventually become a partner.
Content: 

Heading: Or he might open a practice for him
Content: 

Heading: self and go it alone. Or he can work
Content: 

Heading: in almost any type of business he
Content: 

Heading: chooses. What other profession offers
Content: 

Heading: so many choices?
Content: 

Heading: __________
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: { i f you'd like to learn more about the work j of aCPA, clip this coupon and
    mail to: Dept. |

Heading: P ll, PICPA,
Content: 1100

Heading: Lewis Tower Bldg., Phila., |
Content: 

Heading: Pa.
Content: 19102

Heading: I
Content: Name:. Address:.

Heading: Pennsylvania Institute of
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Certified Public Accountants j
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: #I
Content: Disgarding her virgin veil, Cas sandra (Joan Billig) raises her arms in a
    gesture denoting her in sanity. them were the performances of Sue Dickler
    and Libby Dodd. In the context of today's world, the words of Euripides are
    still very much alive. The cast and crew of The Trojan Women did their part
    in bringing his message to a con temporary audience in good form. Abandoning
    a merely classical ap proach, the production served to modernize a sentiment
    as old as mankind itself.

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    A small fee is charged

Heading: FREE INFORMATION
Content: 

Heading: SAFE. LEG AL
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T I O N
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: Scheduled Immediately
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 8562
Content: 

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: 

Heading: CERTIFIED
Content: 

Heading: ABORTON REFERRAL
Content: All Inquiries Confidential

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: SILCO STORE
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: .

Heading: LADIES
Content: 

Heading: PANT SUITS
Content: in new soft tones

Heading: horn 7.98 to $19.98
Content: Lady Dee Nylons Cantrece II

Heading: PANTY HOSE
Content: Reg. $2.29 n t

Heading: Season 's Finale
Content: 

Heading: Bison Skaters Stalemate with Eagles;
Content: 

Heading: Ellenberger, Jones, Ward Tally Goals
Content: . ,,ff wasnn. Jonesy came in on a break

Heading: Phi hi Wins III Basketball.
Content: 

Heading: M ian<< Leads 111 Scorers
Content: By GEORGE LANE Seeking to extend their winning streak over the North Penn Eagles
    to three games in three seasons, the Bison Hockey Club let leads of 2-0 and
    3-1 slip by them as the Eagles rallied to tie the Bisons 3-3. The Eagles
    were penalized ana the Bisons capitalized before one minute had elapsed in
    the first

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: period. With one of the Eagles off for tripping, Steve Ward took a twenty-footer
    which Paul Jewell, positioned in front of the net, tipped in to put the
    Bisons out in front, 1-0. The Eagles got the edge in play over the next ten
    minutes, as they tested Blue goalie Steve Levings, but it was the Bisons who
    scored next on Jim Jones' first goal of the

Heading: u
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: mm George Lane reaches back again with goalie has done an outstanding job y
    (photo by Dave Simpkins) a much more experienced team. season. Jonesy came
    in on a break and shot it right at the goaltender. But he was on the puck
    for the re bound shot and flipped it oyer the fallen goalie to give the
    Bisons a 2-0 edge. North Penn quickly cut the Bisons lead in half as they
    scored from a scramble in front of the net. But, less than two minutes
    later, Terry Ellenberger scored the Bisons third, and last, goal on a neat
    backhander that completely fooled the goaltend er and beat him on his glove
    side. The second period was quite a different story. Not rattled, the Eagles
    came on strong as the Bisons tried to sit on their lead. Their pres sure
    paid off as they scored number two on a slap shot to the far comer of the
    net from the point and num ber three on a shot from in close. This seemed to
    shake up the Bisons, and they started matching the Eagles' offensive push.
    Bom teams played out the second period, and all of the third, on a par with
    ! each other. Play was mostly at

Heading: I
Content: center ice with only a coupie of | good chances for either side. Neither

Heading: I
Content: was able to score again, though, as

Heading: I
Content: the game remained tied to the end. The tie put the Bisons final sea son mark at
    2-3-2. Although falling short of the .500 level this time, the team is
    looking forward to le a k ing it next season in what hopefully will be an
    expanded, more diversi fied schedule. By ALAN GROCHAL A driving layup by
    John Durbiano with only 20 seconds left in the overtime period earned Phi
    Kappa Psi a 42-40 victory over Lambda Chi Alpha, and the intramural
    championship. Phi Psi was originally behind by 2 points with only 50 seconds
    left, but a field goal by Shep Huntington tied the score. They then stole a
    pass from Lambda Chi to set up Durbiano's heroics. Both teams had a chance
    to win the game in regulation time. The score was tied with 1:20 left, but
    neither team scored any more be fore the overtime period. Phi Psi s Durbiano
    had an opportunity with 8 seconds left, but failed to capitalize on a
    crucial one and one situation. Lambda Chi owned a height ad vantage, but Phi
    Psi's defense helped neutralize any rebounding disadvantage. Phi Psi Coach
    Tom Reznor especially cited the defense of Bud Libby, Huntington, and
    Durbiano on Lambda Chi's leading scorer, Bob Price, as a major factor in the
    game. Price was held to 7 points. Durbiano led all scorers with 23 points.
    Both teams used a zone defense, which helps explain the relatively low final
    score. The game was close all the way as evidenced by the fact that the
    largest lead either team had was only 6 points. To reach the finals, Phi Psi
    de feated the Independents while Lambda Chi beat the freshman champs, lower
    Kress.

Heading: Swimmers Set New Marks;
Content: 

Heading: Cagers Have Perfect Slate
Content: 

Heading: Now $1.99
Content: 

Heading: MEN'S
Content: 

Heading: EW  SPRING Til
Content: 

Heading: Only $2.00
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: MARCH 18, 1971 a much more --------

Heading: School Records Continue to Fall;
Content: 

Heading: Thinclads Prep for Spring Debut
Content: . . _________ , his heat. Plained the coach " The boys iM y By JEFF QUINZER The
    winter trackmen continued setting new individual marks and breaking old
    school records as they concluded the indoor season this Saturday in the East
    Stroudsburg Invitational. The performances of the distance men runners was
    particularly en couraging to Coach Arthur Gulden as the distance medley
    relay placed third while setting a new school record (10:35.2). The team
    consisted of Tom Hag gerty, Paul Hermle, John Lamer and Rich Francel.
    Haggerty started by running the half-mile in 2:04.3 and was followed by
    Hermle's 51.8 quarter-mile. Rich Francel ran the three quarter-mile leg in
    3:10.8 and John Larner finished with a time of 4:28.3 for the mile. The
    strong performances by these runners supported the preseason notion that the
    middle distances would be the team's strongest <<vents. For Hermle, Francel
    and Lamer, the times represented their best efforts in those events to date,
    a sign that they are just reaching their potential. In the last several
    indoor meets, these runners con sistently reduced their times from week to
    week, continually break ing their previous best time from the week before.
    Another Bison record fell on Saturday, this one to freshman Glen Martin.
    Glen broke the freshman in door shot putt record with a toss of 44 feet and
    9 inches. Sophomore Kurt Barefoot registered a throw of 45 feet, 7 inches.
    Len Dillenger cleared 6 feet and Randy Mattison 5 feet 10 inches m the high
    jump, while Doug McCord, running in his first 6000, turned m a time of 1:19.
    Freshman Scott Bar r e n  ran the two-mile in 10:58 to

Heading: ffijjjgiafRfziaigigraraizrara^J^
Content: 

Heading: COLE'S
Content: 

Heading: HARDW ARE
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. 17837
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1284
Content: take a second place in his heat. Scott was forced to set the pace of the race
    for the first time this year and handled the task well. In yet another
    first, the two-mile relay team was disqualified after having placed in their
    section. The officials ruled that the Bisons were guilty of running over the
    dividing line between the lanes and were charged with pushing. . The Bisons
    didn't fare as well in the sprints as in the other events but Coach Gulden
    wasn't particular ly surprised. ,, " That has to be expected, ex plained the
    coach. " The ^ y s m a y have looked a little flat but thats just because we
    haven't done much speed work. I'm  sure that once we set out on the track
    and are able to get in more work with the em phasis on speed, the times will
    come down." The team is presently preparing for the start of the spring
    season^ The start is rapidly approaching with the first meet (against
    Lehigh) scheduled for April 3 at bome. If the track is not in good condition
    the next meet will be April 8 against Dickinson, also at home. By SUE
    FAIRCLOUGH The Bucknell Women's Swim Team, coached by Miss Kofie Mont
    gomery, broke four Bucknell records at the Women's Eastern Intercollegiate
    Swimming and Div ing Championships at Southern Con necticut State College.
    Bucknell tied for eighth place in competition witn sixteen other schools
    Freshman Sue Mestier placed second in the 200 yard freestyle with a time of
    2:05.4 and third in the 100 yard individual medly with a time of 1:09.9.
    Both set new Bucknell records. Shirley Cook placed fifth in the 100 yard
    backstroke and set a Buck nell record in the 50 yard back- stroke with a
    time of 32.9. The 200 yard medley relay, con sisting of Shirley Cook, Senior
    cap tain Chris Shroeder, Sue Mestier, and Diane Fairclough; broke the
    Bucknell record with a time of 2:11.8. ,, The 200 yard freestyle relay con
    sisting of Sue Fairclough, Chris Shroeder, Joan Ross, and Diane Fairclough;
    did not break its former record of 1:57.9 which was set at the home meet
    with Wilson College. The swim team has also met with Elizabethtown College
    and Penn State Last Saturday the swimming season was closed at the Women's
    International Swimming Champion ship near Philadelphia. By GINA SMITH The
    women's basketball team has concluded its first season with a 4-0 overall
    record. Victories were logged over Sus quehanna, 57-28; Penn State J.V.,
    40-32; Messiah College, 46-38, and Bloomsburg State College, 4843. In
    another match, the girls who usual ly did not start smashed the Mes siah
    College " B"  team, 47-5. High scorers for the season were Sandy Selby, Barb
    Senowski, and Gina Ambrose, all freshmen. Coach Margaret Peck praises her
    novice team's effort. "The gins played well together and hustled when they
    needed to. Of course, our unusual height advantage also con tributed to our
    winning." She cites the March 4 match at Bloomsburg as the girls' best game.
    " In this fairly close game, the girls gained some idea of where they stood
    as far as their basic skills, she explained. , The outlook for future women
    s teams is " excellent," according to Coach Peck. Only four team mem bers
    are seniors, and she hopes to find additional talent among next year's
    freshmen. Incoming frosh also will have more experience play ing under the
    new, five-player, full- court rules. With the majority of her team re
    turning, Coach Peck anticipates a " somewhat expanded" schedule for next
    year.

Heading: Kappa Sigma Holds Lead
Content: 

Heading: In Wrestling Intramurals
Content: Going into the finals, Kappa Sigma has 25 points and a narrow two point lead
    over TKE in the in tramural wrestling tournament. Coach Schumacher feels
    that Kappa Sigma could wrap up Pangburn Trophy with a convincing showing in
    the finals. The trophy *  awarded to the team with the highest total of
    season points. The following are the unofficial team results after the
    senu'i^ f Tuesday night. The finals were held last night. 1 KS 25 7 E

Heading: 1
Content: 10

Heading: X p near
Content: Philadelphia. next year.

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: Watch Repairing & Engraving
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: O X  - B O W
Content: 

Heading: --DINING ROOM--
Content: 

Heading: at BULL RUN INN
Content: 

Heading: SANDWICH MENU--  EVENINGS 5:00 -
Content: 

Heading: GRILLE ROOM OPEN FROM 11:00 A.M.
Content: 

Heading: 12:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: -  2:00 A.M.
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: d a i l y
Content: 

Heading: l u n c h e o n
Content: 

Heading: S P E C I A L S
Content: 

Heading: Come on down
Content: 

Heading: and try us out
Content: 

Heading: -- AT--
Content: 

Heading: SIXTH
Content: 

Heading: AND
Content: 

Heading: MARKET
Content: 

Heading: STREETS
Content: 

Heading: SERVING LUNCH 11:30 A .M  --  2:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: REED'S
Content: 

Heading: Summer Storage
Content: 

Heading: STUDENTS--Leave your Winter Gar
Content: 

Heading: ments with REED's for
Content: 

Heading: Summer
Content: 

Heading: Box
Content: 

Heading: Storage.
Content: 

Heading: Fully insured, freshly cleaned and pressed at
Content: 

Heading: Regular Cleaning Prices.
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: 103 SOUTH SIXTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: 523-1282
Content: MARCH 18, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SEVEN
Content: >> jfe e j lS a /

Heading: Stroke of Luck
Content: 

Heading: Rivoire Finishes Fourth;
Content: 

Heading: ~
Content: 

Heading: --------
Content: 

Heading: UITVI1V l  liuu tivu  *
Content: 

Heading: O'Keeffe Stars in Eastern Meet; Enters National Tourney
Content: n

Heading: t
Content: 

Heading: rWM
Content: _

Heading: O
Content: 

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: i << / 1 n Bv JIM NORTHRIDGE hold down and again the two

Heading: Smashes Three School Records
Content: By MARK KNODERER Peter O'Keeffe made an epilog to the swimming season last
    weekend as he buried three more school records in an outstanding perform
    ance at the Eastern Collegiate swimming championships. The Bisons one-man
    team made quite a splash as he finished second in the 200 yard backstroke,
    third in the 100 yard backstroke, and twelfth in the 211 IM. His 26 total
    points earned Bucknell thirteenth place in a meet which drew teams from
    North Carolina to New Hampshire. Navy's Rick Stringer won the 200 backstroke
    in 1:56.4, but O'keeffe, who led until the last lap, was right behind at
    1:57.2. The 100 backstroke was won by Army's Ben Ross at 53.1 with
    Princeton's Charles Camp bell second, and O'Keeffe third. His time of 53.8
    broke the old Bucknell record by 1.1 seconds. The 200 IM was an extremely
    tight race, as Villanova's Tom Aretz won with a time of 1:57.8, and O'Ke
    effe was twelfth at 2:03.1. In the preliminaries he had set a new school
    record of 2:02.5.

Heading: Laxmen Start Season's Show
Content: By BILL DECKER One of the oldest, yet one of the newest; one of the rougest, yet
    one of the most particularly agile; one of the most brutal, yet one with
    great finesse, and it again comes to the Univehsity. Lachosse is its name,
    and the Bisons begin confer ence pday at Gettysburg March 31. Bucknell is a
    member of more than 200 public and private school lacrosse teams throughout
    the na tion. Lacrosse has grown tremen- ously, both in the number of teams
    and spectators, especially in the last five years. Perhaps the game's
    uniqueness accounts for its growth. Sidney I. Jamieson, BU's lacrosse coach,
    de scribes the game as combining the "rough play of ice hockey and foot
    ball, the finesse of team strategy in basketball, and the overall de fensive
    and offensive strategy of soccer." season, Coach Jamieson said "has been the
    depth and strength of mid- field units who have to play at both ends of the
    field and who do most of the running and actual hard play." Returning
    midfield players are Bob Worthen, Charles Swoka, Curt Torell, and Randy
    Harris. All these men have had two years playing experience. Others at
    midfield are Buck McPhail, Randy Goat, Doug McClellan, Kevin McCabe, and Mon
    roe Diefendorf. Rounding out the rest of the team are Eugene Bitchko, Gary
    Germ- ond, Jim Kirkley, Richard Lotze, Bruce McCdenathan, Daniel Stew art,
    and Robert Jennings. The toughness of Bucknell's sche dule has been upgraded
    from last year. Included are Syracuse, Rut gers, and Washington College who
    are ranked in the top 20 teams in the nation. Delaware and Franklin and Mar
    shall, teams which Bucknell lost to last year are also scheduled. Both teams
    have returning veteran play ers. Filling out the schedule are Gettysburg,
    Lehigh, Lafayette, Dick inson, Penn State, and Leabnon Valley. Overall,
    Pennsylvania placed first, Princeton second, Yale third, Dart mouth fourth,
    and North Carolina State fifth. Villanova's Aretz was a triple winner
    capturing the 220 IM, 100 breast, and 200 breast. Double winners included
    Navy's Rex Hand (50 free, 100 free) and Dave Pearl (100 fly, 200 fly), and
    Penn's Russ Varley (500 free, 1650 free). O'Keeffe's performance gained a
    victory of sorts for the team. Rut gers, a team which defeated the tankers
    during the regular season, placed fourteenth with 25 points. Over Spring
    vacation O'Keeffe and freshman Steve Winings will travel to Ames, Iowa to
    participate in the NCAA university division national championships. They
    will be the first Bucknell swimmers ever to participate in this meet, and we
    wish them the best of luck. By JIM NORTHRIDGE Wrestling co-captain Tom
    Rivoire placed fourth in the Eastern Region al Tournament held at Princeton
    last weekend and thus became the first wrestler in Bucknell history to enter
    the Nationals. In order to qualify for Nationals, a wrestler must place in
    the top five of the regional tournament. In his first bout, the dedicated
    junior used a change in tactics to avenge a dual meet defeat against John
    Allen of Syracuse. At the matchup, Rivoire was caught in a five point move
    and lost a 6-1 de cision. The cause of this defeat was his relentless
    pressuring for a take down. This time Rivoire changed his style and it paid
    off handsomely. Cautiously working, using deliberate moves, the two
    grapplers ended the first period in a scoreless stalemate. Tom gave up a
    point on an escape as Allen proved to be too fresh to Junior Tom Rivoire
    uses an extremely aggressive ride to pile up riding time. He will wrestle in
    the 150 pound weight class in the Nationals. (photo by Eric Riess) hold down
    and again the two wrestlers circled the mat, warily watching each other. In
    the final period, down by one point, Rivoire pushed into the lead as Allen
    attempted to ride Tom with legs. Rivoire managed to grab Allen's hips and
    pull himself on top for two critical points on a reversal. But in his final
    effort, Allen man aged to escape to end the regula tion match in a 2-2 draw.
    The overtime bout consisted of three one-minute periods and here Tom's
    conditioning spelled the dif ference. Working under pressure, Rivoire
    prevented Allen from gett ing any penetration for the take down. In the
    second overtime period, Rivoire rode out his opponent in such a manner that
    the Syracuse star tired visibly. From the defensive position in the final
    period Tom escaped within six seconds and then, as he put it, "I ran for my
    life!" Clinching an exciting 3-2 victory Tom was on his way towards placing.
    Tom then wrestled the first seed ed Gillespie in the quarter finals and was
    pinned with one second left in the final period. However, the junior
    grappler worked his way into the consolation finals with some ex cellent
    luck. In the finals he met Don Stone of Penn State, who was EIWA champ this
    year. Tom allowed an escape and a takedown but he couldn't complete a move
    offensively and lost a close 3-0 decision. Tom will enter the Nationals a
    week from today, Friday, and Saturday. They will be held at Au burn
    University in Alabama. And how does Rivoire feel about his tre mendous
    achievement? "I'm psyched right out of my mind and feel really lucky! This
    is going to be a fantastic opportunity and experience for me."

Heading: Becker Motor Co. - VW
Content: 

Heading: Carter Earns All-MAC Honors
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL Culminating a banner season, sophomore sensation Harvey Carter
    was named to the All-MAC West team. Also included on the team were Tracy
    Tripucka of Lafayette, Lee Swayze of Delaware, and Bill Little All-American
    and Co-Captain Lou Kissllng is expected to provide much explosive punch for
    this year's laxmen. And how about Bucknell's team this year? Coach Jamieson
    said that the offense is the strongest part of the team. He cited Little
    All-American and Co-Captain Lou Kissling, Glenn Winter, and Dan Nourse, all
    experienced upper class- men, as the offensive squad. Returning defens are
    Doug Behm, Kirk Bishop, and Co-Captain Kent Kisenbauer. Completing the de
    fense is Jim Tonges, the goalie, who has had no experience yet. The real
    surprise so far this

Heading: MVP
Content: 1.

Heading: IM BASKETBALL
Content: 

Heading: ALL STAR TEAM
Content: - Bob Price LCA First Team Bob Price LCA Jim McGrath PGD 3. Bob Miller IND 4.
    John Durbiano PKP 5. Dave Henninger SC Second Team i Tom Peterson PKP Bud
    Libby PKP Dan Correnti Frank Roe RAM Bill Mathews SPE Third Team 1. Steve
    Baird KS 2. Shep Hunnington PKP

Heading: I
Content: 3. Jim Casey IND 4. Victor Marks D 5. Rick Andrews LCA Katz and Barry Spears of
    Rider. This year is only the second sea son that the MAC has been divided
    into two sections. In 1969, Craig Greenwood made second team All- MAC when
    there was only one division. Last year BU's all-time leading scorer, Jim
    Wherry earned honorable mention on the All-West team. Carter led the Bisons
    in scoring, rebounding, and field goal per centage and ranked among the di
    visions leaders in each of these categories also. Harvey finished seventh in
    scoring, tied for second in rebounding and finished fourth in field goal
    percentage. His 325 points were the most for a sophomore since Wherry made
    470 during the 1967-68 campaign. Carter also garnered 264 rebounds which is
    the most for a first year varsity player since Lorry Hath away's 316 during
    the 1962-63 sea- son

Heading: RTS- 11 & 15-- SELINSGROVE
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 743-1514
Content: 

Heading: SALES
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE --  PARTS
Content: 

Heading: COMPLETE TOWING
Content: 

Heading: & BODY SHOP WORK
Content: l. 4.

Heading: Corsages -- Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: 

Heading: ABORTIONS ARE NOW LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: in New York State
Content: 

Heading: DON'T BE EX PLO ITED  BY P R O FIT EER S !
Content: For safe, legal, immediate assistance of a

Heading: BOARD C E R T IF IE D  OB-GYN PHYSICIAN
Content: Call

Heading: THE PREGNANCY COUNSELING SERVICE
Content: (212) 260-2110

Heading: MONDAY TO  SA TU RD A Y 9 A.M. TO 9 P.M.
Content: Comprehensive fees for under 12 weeks are less than $250. Terminations are
    performed up to 24 weeks. (We are currently looking for local
    representatives) __________

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: MEN'S CONTRACEPTIVES! Im ported and best American brands. Price list free.
    Samples and cata logue $1.00, refunded if not satis fied. POPLAN, Box
    2556-QP3, Chapel Hill, NG 27514. FOR SALE -- 1967 Volkswagen bus, reasonably
    priced. Call 524-9663.

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: WILL CONTINUE SERVICE ON
Content: 

Heading: MONDAY MARCH 29, 1971
Content: 

Heading: PIZZAS, HOAGIES, SANDWICHES, SOFT DRINKS
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY'S -- 523-9251
Content: 

Heading: All Deliveries C.O.D. to individual rooms
Content: 

Heading: thvn Thursday
Content: 

Heading: -------
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 to Midnight
Content: 

Heading: strmid
Content: 

Heading: WED. MARCH 17 --  to TUES. MARCH 23
Content: WEEKDAYS AT 7 & 9 SAT. from  1 p.m . SON. from  2 p jn .

Heading: FOR SALE -  SPINET PIANO,
Content: Wanted, responsible party to take over a spinet piano. Easy terms available. Can
    be seen locally. Write Credit Manager, P.O. Box 35, Cortland, Ohio 44410.
    WILL BUY ANY BOOK you pur chased at former B.U. Library book sales. Bob
    Marks' book store, Allenwood. FOR SALE -- Cadillac Hearse; ex cellent for
    camping, sleeps four. Call 524-2892.

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MARCH 18, 1971 FOR SALE -- Microscope, Nikon model G 600X. Call 524-3306.
    STUDENT TRAVEL -- Trips, Char ters. Europe, Orient, Around The World. Write
    S.T.O.P. 2150C Sbat- tuck Berkeley CA 94704 or See Travel Agent.

Heading: Little Fauss
Content: 

Heading: and Big H alsy
Content: 

Heading: are not
Content: 

Heading: your father's
Content: 

Heading: heroes.
Content: PAIAMO*<< POURS NESIN1S

Heading: ftOBCftT MDfOAD
Content: 

Heading: flilCHAU J.POUARD
Content: 

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: UTTU
Content: 

Heading: muss
Content: 

Heading: MID DIG HftlSY
Content: an Amur s. n w  mooucnoN Ffa^.PANAVSiON>> C4>>WM0VEIAI A PARAMOUNT 9CTU4

Heading: #M
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXm -- NO. 38
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. APRIL 2, 1971
Content: 

Heading: 'Cht Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Referendum Proposed
Content: 

Heading: ABS Rejects Ratification
Content: 

Heading: Of People9s Peace Treaty
Content: A variety of guests are visiting campus this weekend for 'Third World. For a
    complete schedule of events see page 5. At Wednesday night's meeting, the
    ABS failed to ratify the People's Peace Treaty. The vote was 12-11 against a
    motion which would have allowed the ABS to ratify the docu ment. The
    People's Peace Treaty (see

Heading: Schedule Expanded
Content: 

Heading: Beach Boys, Taylor Appear In Concert
Content: By RICHARD HUMPHREY The Bucknell Concert Committee has announced two additions
    to its current concert series program. On Friday, April 23, the Beach Boys
    will be appearing on campus in a special promotional concert, in association
    with Warner Bros. Records. The special tour was arranged as a result of the
    overwhelming re ception the group received at the Big Sur Festival and at
    Carnegie Hall. Richard Merlis of World Maga zine describes the Beach Boys'
    ap pearance at Carnegie Hall as "of fering the audience, who were vir tually
    rapt in awe, the greatest performance I have ever witnessed in Carnegie Hall
    or any other place .where rock has ever been played." * The Beach Boys will
    present one full two hour show in Davis Gym. Admission is $3.50 general
    admis sion and $1.00 for season ticket holders. Livingston Taylor will share
    the stage with Tom Rush for the May sixth Houseparty week-end concert.
    Livingston, the brother of James Taylor, has released an album composed of
    his own material under the Capricorn label. Tickets are $4.00 general
    admission. After nine years and over sixty- five million record sales, the
    Beach Boys have re-emerged as a result of their most recent release, "Sun
    flower." Robert Christagau of The Village Voice classified "Sun flower" as
    being one of the twelve best albums of 1970. This album is now on reserve in
    the library. The Beach Boys recorded the album on their $200,000 custom
    sound system, the first of its kind in the world and a system which has
    never been duplicated. Andy Meyer, member of the Con cert Committee,
    commented on the Beach Boys, saying, "Many of the innovations by the Beach
    Boys are unknown, as is the excellence of their recent music. They were the
    first rock group to ever use the Moog synthesizer. They were the first group
    to own a record com pany exclusively for their own pro duction (long before
    Apple was born.) They are presently the big gest selling American group
    ever. They are being brought to the University because they are able to
    offer the best in both the old and the new music." Livingston Taylor has
    been on the road four or five nights a week playing the college circuit.
    Since he has started performing about two years ago, he has become the
    musical celebrity in Boston, has cut an album of his own songs, and has
    broken the house>> record at the Gaslight in New York. Most people
    automatically assume that James' fame has generated Livingston's career;
    however, this is not entirely true. Livingston be gan his own career before
    James' first album caught on. Livingston captures and exudes an eagerness
    and warmth in con cert. "I want people to come into my shows and settle back
    and re lax 'cause they aren't gonna have to think, move, talk, breathe or
    nothin' for one hour, 'cause I'm goin' to work." The Bucknellian, March 18,
    1971, p. 2, for a text) was negotiated in November, 1970, by members of the
    U.S. National Student Associa tion, a member of the Saigon Stu dent Union,
    and students from Hanoi. The document has already been circulated to student
    body presidents and student newspaper editors. It has been signed by both
    Bob Nachshin, president of the ABS, and Jack Schmidt, editor of The
    Bucknellian. NSA is now attempting to get groups to ratify the document. The
    treaty will be presented to Presi dent Nixon during the "Mayday offensive"
    planned for May 1 to May 5. Pete Doscher, member at large, introduced the
    Treaty, saying that the document is not a petition, but a movement to
    establish a peace outside the realm of our present governmental structure.
    Debate centered around various concep tions of what the Treaty meant and
    exactly how it should be ratified. Russ Pais, vice-president of the ABS,
    argued that the Treaty is in dividualistic in character and should not be
    ratified by groups. Pais' arguments held sway and the mo tion, that "The
    Congress of the ABS ratify the Joint Treaty of Peace" (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Roberts Hall Disciplinary Committee
Content: 

Heading: Sets Ip 24-Ilr. Visitation Guidelines
Content: By GINA SMITH Acting upon the March 17 dorm antonomy decision of the Associa
    tion of Bucknell Students, the dis ciplinary committee of Roberts Hall
    resolved Thursday night not to take action against individuals observing
    24-hour open dorms. Their statement reads as follows: "We, as the
    disciplinary committee

Heading: Majority Report Recommends
Content: 

Heading: One Year Mandatory Phys Ed
Content: 

Heading: Director Reveals Plan
Content: 

Heading: For Room Preferences
Content: By TOM NOVINGER Miss Judith A. Judy, Director of Residence Halls, has announced
    the procedure and the areas available for room selection for the next school
    year. The selection will be a two-step procedure: the drawing of a prior ity
    number on April 12 and the cho osing of a room on April 19, 20, or 21. In
    order to draw a priority number, a student must appear personally, present
    his I.D. card, and already have paid the $100 with his re-enrollment
    agreement to the Registrar's Office. The areas available for room selection
    "are basically the same as last year," although there are a few changes. In
    Swartz Hall, B Wing will again house women, but the rooms will be doubles as
    they are for the men in A Wing. The lounges "will be returned to normal use
    in D Wing." New Dorm will house men in the PS center section, as well as in
    the wing where they are presently housed. A few additional spaces have been
    created in the center section. Throughout both wings, the large double rooms
    on each floor will be converted into triple rooms and four lounges in each
    wing will be used as double rooms. Larison will house upperclass men, as
    well as some freshmen, and part of the first floor of Harris Hall will be an
    upperclass women's area. Carey House room selection al ready has been
    conducted by the Language Department, so rooms may not be selected in this
    area. Two other houses, Leiser and Hulley, will not be available for room
    selection. They will be held in reserve in order to accommodate men or
    women, in one or both houses, depending on the number and sex of the
    unhoused students after room selection. According to Miss Judy, "This
    (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Frosh Begin Paper
Content: 

Heading: Recycling Campaign
Content: By STEVE WATT An ecology drive, headed by freshmen Hoabie Swan and A1 Bor- acci,
    has begun this spring to help start the recycling of used paper. The ten
    students working on the drive, all freshmen, are collecting old newspapers,
    magazines, and computer cards. Freshmen have been requested to leave the
    items outside their door for pick-up every Tuesday and Thursday. The paper
    is taken to the physical plant and stored until a "sizeable load" is accumu
    lated, which is then transported to Williamsport by trailer truck. Minkin
    Industries, 1315 West 3rd St., Williamsport, pays $5 a ton for newspaper, $3
    a ton for magazines, (Continued on Page 4) By BILL WHITNEY The majority
    report of the Sub committee to Review the University Requirement in Physical
    Education was submitted to Dr. Wendel I. Smith, chairman of the University
    Committee on Academic Regula tions, on March 19. The majority of the Sub-
    Commit tee members voted to recommend that CAR submit the following mo tion
    for faculty consideration: "Be it moved that the University re quire each
    student to complete successfully one year of physical education or to
    demonstrate a pro ficiency in several physical activity areas which have
    "carry-over" value. This requirement would normally be completed during the
    freshman year and would be graded on a pass-fail basis. In addition,
    students would be encouraged to participate, on a voluntary basis, in
    physical education courses beyond the first year." The proficiency tests
    would be determined and conducted by the physical education departments in
    such "carry-over" sports as aero bics, archery, badminton, bowling, fencing,
    golf, handball, slimnastics, swimming, and tennis. CAR is presently
    considering both the majority report and a minority report, issued by three
    members of the nine-man Sub-Committee, and will present its recommendation
    for faculty consideration at a later date. Members of the Sub-Committee who
    comprised the majority were faculty members Miss Margaret Peck, instructor
    of physical educa tion; Dr. Paul DeHoff, assistant professor of mechanical
    engineer ing; and chairman of the Sub-Com mittee, Mr. Robert Latour, di
    rector of athletics; Dr. Mel Win stead, professor of chemistry; and students
    Christine Ellison '72 and Thomas Rivoire '72. It was unanimously agreed by
    the Sub-Committee that "students should be encouraged to participate in
    physical and recreational sports which have a continuing value." The
    majority report concluded by stating: "It was finally the majority opinion
    of the committee that this encouragement can best occur with the suggested
    one year program which the committee views as an opportunity rather than a
    require ment. It is our hope and expecta tion that the program provided by
    the Men's and Women's Physical Education Departments will be both flexibile
    and challenging." of Roberts Hall, have hereby de cided, as of April 1,1971,
    not to take action against those people support ing the ABS statement that
    24-hour visitation is a matter of individual right. "We have, in accordance
    with this decision, set up the following guidelines which will be strictly
    en forced by the disciplinary commit tee." This decision signifies that
    women of Roberts Hall now have 24-hour visitation, as far as the Roberts
    disciplinary committee is concern ed. The University rules concern ing dorm
    hours are still technically operating, although the University hasn't
    officially responded to ABS and Roberts' actions. Roberts Hall is the first
    Univers ity residence hall to act officially upon the ABS motion which de
    clared each individual in University housing free to decide on his own
    visitation hours. The disciplinary committee is comprised of the dorm vice
    presi dent and a representative from each of the nine Roberts hall groups. A
    majority of the girls in each hall group favored 24-hour (Continued on Page
    4)

Heading: Slate of Candidates
Content: The following is the preliminary slate of candidates for ABS at large members
    and class officers. Any students desiring to be added to the final slate
    must pick up a petition from the Dean of Student Affairs office in Marts
    Hall. /IBS At-Large Candidates: Debbie Ahlstedt Ed Feibel Steve Boodakian
    Lou Bucceri Norb Church Len Clayton Mark Currie Class of 1972 President: Don
    Dickson Vice President: Mike Scheinberg Secretary-Treasurer: Patti DiNatale
    Class of 1973 President: Ellen Carta: Vice President: Chris Martens
    Secretary-Treasurer: Class of 1974 President: Ralph Resnick Vice President:
    Jim Nevels Secretary-Treasurer: Carol Wolf Gary Firestone Suzie Grant Janice
    Havey Peter Holmes Reid Kahn Rich Levine Marc Powers Janet Russo Dave Stacey
    Dave Stein Jack Hart Vince Shook Pam Schwartz Keith Coughey

Heading: Joel Flachs
Content: 

Heading: Steve Valenti
Content: 

Heading: Andrea Tilbian
Content: 

Heading: Tom Wells
Content: OTimraiOTTttn' nn; ' f r  * "

Heading: M i
Content: 

Heading: What Is a War Criminal?
Content: 

Heading: In the irrationality of war, murder
Content: 

Heading: ers are found everywhere,
Content: 

Heading: not
Content: 

Heading: only
Content: 

Heading: among
Content: 

Heading: the
Content: 

Heading: ranks
Content: 

Heading: of
Content: 

Heading: those
Content: 

Heading: ajudged
Content: 

Heading: guilty
Content: 

Heading: of
Content: 

Heading: committing
Content: 

Heading: war
Content: 

Heading: crimes.
Content: 

Heading: Nations deceive themselves into think
Content: 

Heading: ing that senseless acts of murder can be
Content: 

Heading: separated from the: inhumanities of war
Content: 

Heading: itself. The recent conviction of Lieuten
Content: 

Heading: ant William Calley on charges of the pre
Content: 

Heading: meditated murder of at least twenty-
Content: 

Heading: two civilians is one such deception.
Content: 

Heading: There is little doubt that Calley did
Content: 

Heading: kill numerous villagers in a March 1968,
Content: 

Heading: sweep through the hamlet of My Lai
Content: 

Heading: in northern South Vietnam. But the ex
Content: 

Heading: perience of My Lai is not unique. Calley
Content: 

Heading: has said, "My Lai has happened in every
Content: 

Heading: war. It's not an isolated incident, even
Content: 

Heading: in Vietnam." The Calley trial has only
Content: 

Heading: diverted
Content: 

Heading: attention
Content: 

Heading: from
Content: 

Heading: the
Content: 

Heading: greater
Content: 

Heading: array of war criminals as yet unex
Content: 

Heading: posed --  the Administration, the mili
Content: 

Heading: tary high command, and even ourselves.
Content: 

Heading: Investigations are being called for to
Content: 

Heading: determine who is really responsible for
Content: 

Heading: Vietnam (the ultimate in mass murder).
Content: 

Heading: One should ask why infantrymen should
Content: 

Heading: be subject to prosecution and not bomber
Content: 

Heading: pilots, who reign death on much greater
Content: 

Heading: areas. And how can military men be
Content: 

Heading: prosecuted when civilians in Washington
Content: 

Heading: continue to escalate the war under the
Content: 

Heading: guise of withdrawal?
Content: 

Heading: Captain Aubrey Daniel, in summing
Content: 

Heading: up the prosecution's case,
Content: 

Heading: considered
Content: 

Heading: only the narrowest of implications for
Content: 

Heading: the trial. Lieutenant Calley claims he
Content: 

Heading: did his duty, Daniel told the jury. "To
Content: 

Heading: make that assertion is to prostitute all
Content: 

Heading: the humanitarian principles for which
Content: 

Heading: this nation stands, to prostitute the true
Content: 

Heading: mission of the United States soldier. The
Content: 

Heading: defense would ask you to legalize mur-
Content: 

Heading: der."
Content: 

Heading: Calley's personal actions cannot be
Content: 

Heading: separated from the inhumanity of Viet
Content: 

Heading: nam War as a whole. If there are human
Content: 

Heading: itarian principles on which this nation
Content: 

Heading: stands, they have been prostituted by
Content: 

Heading: the War, not by Calley. The people of
Content: 

Heading: the United States have legalized murder
Content: 

Heading: by their toleration of the continuing war.
Content: 

Heading: If war crime trials were to earnestly con
Content: 

Heading: sider determining responsibility for this
Content: 

Heading: war, their list of defendants would in
Content: 

Heading: clude a whole nation.
Content: 

Heading: =KEEPING ACCOUNTS
Content: 

Heading: A Learning Experience
Content: . By CHARLES MUSSMAN ,

Heading: Disturbing Tours
Content: To the Editor:

Heading: AN
Content: 

Heading: OPEN
Content: 

Heading: LETTER
Content: 

Heading: TO
Content: 

Heading: MISS
Content: BRENDA GORDON, Head of Fresh man Residence Halls: The question has been raised
    as to whether or not male " visitors" are allowed in female dorms dur ing "
    closed dorms."  Head Resi dents have put their collective foot down. " No,"
    they say, " only those of the female gender are to be al lowed through the
    hallowed doors during those hours."  But a question was raised among us
    which our collective head residents could not answer. So those of us
    concerned decided to talk to you. We called your office four times but we
    were told each time that you were in conference. So now we try to reach you
    through the printed word. Miss Gordon, our question is this: Is it right
    that male tour guides giving tours to mixed-gender groups be allowed to
    awaken us at 9 a.m. to show potential freshmen our rooms as " examples"  of
    the typi cal Bucknell room when we cannot have our male friends in the dorms
    until at least three hours later. We would like an answer to a number of
    points. First, should male tour guides be regarded as uni-sex? Second, why
    must we be awakened by their rude loud knock ing? Third, are the rooms in
    Roberts actually representative of the dorm facilities available to the
    entire campus? And lastly, why are male prospective frosh shown women's
    dorms? We would seriously appreciate answers to these questions, pub lished
    in the Bucknellian, since this matter concerns a majority of the University
    community. " Residents of Roberts Hall"

Heading: Question ABS
Content: To the Editor: With the passage of ABS's recent motion to deny the application
    of the University's visitation hour reg ulations, the ABS has dragged the
    student body onto a dangerous new course. Specific disagreements stem from
    the many inclarities offered by a motion that declares that the de cision of
    dorm hours is not only outside the jurisdiction of anyone in the University
    community, but that the flaunting of such rules will receive the tacit
    approval if not blessing of the ABS. This attitude seemingly places all
    individuals in a quagmire. Students must question ABS's credibility in such
    reckless bypassing of the ex isting operation. JC's and RA's are placed in
    the uncomfortable position of having to choose between " policy"  on the one
    hand and "non policy"  on the other. Consideration of their plight was
    obviously not (Continued on Page 3) It was snowing the day before we were to
    leave for the conference, so we thought that it would be safer and easier to
    take the plane man to drive. We disembarked at Chicago's O'Hare
    International Airport hop- ing that the National Conference on Student
    Involvement in the Umveraity would give all of us a fresh insight into the
    problems which face students at all universities, including Bucknell. The
    conference raised more prob lems than it solved, however. When we started to
    talk with others we found out just how far ahead Bucknell is. Two guys from
    St. Procoprious College said ^ a t to e ir  ad ministration had just changed
    the name of the mstitutmn wiUiout teUmg the faculty or students until three
    weeks after the legalities had been completed. The students took a poll, and
    ninety-five per cent preferred the old name (I wonder why), but the
    administration was not impressed. We also discovered that we are not unique.
    Bowling Green State Uni versity in Ohio, one of the co-sponsors of the
    conference is a t  ^ w ay moment struggling with the creation of a

Heading: unicameral
Content: fo m  of ciunpus governance--as Bucknell is-a n d  they're encountering the same
    problenM and coming up with the same compromises and the same disgusted dis
    satisfaction. However, we were able to find some places where we could be
    bettor. Dr. Hollis A. Moore, President of Bowling Green, eats breakfast to
    << of the student cafeterias once a week. He also has rap sessions at least
    once a week in the dorms where students can ask hun all tends pf ques tions
    about the administration of their university Our adm m ^ation could open up
    the communication a little more than it has been. A ministration serves a
    supportive function; students help pay the Diu. Don't they have a right to
    know what's going on? Dennison University has a student on its Boar<* of.
    'Tr! j ^ ^ voting member. Roosevelt University is being sued by its students
    for the return of a part of their " general fee"  which was supposed to go
    fw the upkeep and maintenance of a student um onw tochdoesnot exist ^ The
    Northwestern University student government has established a method of
    student evaluation of faculty so effective that they are now working to get
    it incorporated into the considerations which determine who receives tenure.
    Eva Jefferson Saturday morning, Eva Jefferson, President of the N orth w
    ests Associated Student Governments, spoke on the news censorship. Although
    the freedom of the press is guaranteed it seems strange that the mema has
    seen fit to alter their emphasis somewhat, and now refuse to give national
    coverage to many important anti-war happenings. In Detroit, a group of
    Vietnam Veterans got together to tell the nation about the extent to which
    actions such as the My Lai Massacre occur in the War. During this expose
    (called the Winter Soldier) they also brought up the way in which they were
    constantly oriented toward a " gook"  mentality. If some how human beings,
    be they yellow, red, black, or white, can be reduced to inhuman gooks, it is
    a foregone conclusion that prejudice, suspicion, and atrocities are much
    more likely to occur. This might be likened to the " pig"  mentality among
    many radical groups. The two points Miss Jefferson raised which affected me
    most, how ever, were philosophical in nature. One was a quotation from
    Edmund Burke- " All that is necessary for evil to prevail in the world is
    for good men to do nothing. " The other was her definition of the student
    leader 8 role: to get the students involved in the " real"  world. In the
    following panel discussion, Mrs. Audrey Cohen, a member of the Newman Task
    Force on Changing Higher Education (HEW), brought up several major problems
    facing all of higher education. There must be systematic ways to incorporate
    and test new orientations and con cerns in today's colleges. Freshmen
    deserved to be treated with equality. Admissions procedures need
    clarification and revision. The inequities in e financial aid are
    unjustifiable. _ ___ __ During one of the seminars I attended, " Quality
    Teaching: A Dream or Reality--Faculty Responsibility to the University,"
    questions were raised about the whole concept of tenure. If universities
    were run with even the most basic business principles in mind, how could
    they ever sign a contract declaring that they will not discharge a
    professor, no matter how poorly he may perform in the future? Performance
    should (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: lEtye JSttckiteUian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the coUege year. M erab<< oi
    Associated CoUegiate Press. Annual subscription, >>7.<<>>. payable ^
    advance. Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the post
    om ce at Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON --  Business Manager
Content: (Editor's Note: This cartoon was produced by Mark Dembert, a senior. We hope
    that the publication of artistic endeavors such as this wfll en courage
    others to attempt similar efforts.)

Heading: *GUEST COLUMN'
Content: 

Heading: Everybody's Right&Wrong
Content: ,,B y DAVID HAMMER, People seem more willing than not to openly express their
    opinions on wide ranges of subject matter, partly because of an increased
    break down in purely local perspective and partly as a result of a growing
    con cern with the ways in which one's decision affects another s situation.
    And, in order to lessen the potential conflict which one m ay experience in
    confronting different opinions, individuals should understand that opinions
    are based on decisions, and decisions, in turn, are based upon an
    individual's experiences. __ This hierarchy initially maintains that,
    indeed, experience character izes the lives of all persons, and it warrants
    that the broadest definition of experience be understood. In effect, an "
    experience"  for a P <<>>on  >> something with which one is totally involved
    at tee moment of ito o ccu r rence. Under this definition, thought, action,
    mteraction and perception are some characteristics suggested as composing
    tee experimental essence of life. Isolated " experience,"  then, may refer
    to everything from read ing a book, flying an airplane or walking through
    woods to awaking in the mnming (or whenever), noticing a robin or eating an
    apple. The process of making a decision, too, may be regarded as an ex
    perience because tee act involves processes of thought, action, perception
    and, possibly, interaction. But decisions are more than experiences in that
    they link past exxperience with what will happen following tee decision s
    outcom a man jg ^ ! ,, g  to decide whether to marry a certain (Continued on
    Page 3)

Heading: CHARLES MUSSMAN
Content: Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: SCOTT GEBHARDT
Content: National Adv. Manager

Heading: STEVE BECKER
Content: 

Heading: DOUG BROWN
Content: 

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager e d it o r ia l b o a r d

Heading: DEAN LANDEW
Content: 

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: ySS i

Heading: 1 '
Content: <<sa ,!.m

Heading: JK
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: Literary Editor

Heading: TOM NOVINGER
Content: News Assistant >

Heading: JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: DAVE STEIN
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: DAVID WEINBERGER
Content: 

Heading: STEVE WYATT
Content: ... your ever faithful sam --dear friends-- Will not be here today you see he
    had a slight difference of opinion with an amorous rat who refused to
    believe that their differences could not be-- worked out to their mutual
    satisfaction, he was last seen floating down the susquehanna in a canoe made
    from a folded midterm paddling furiously and shouting mouse obscenities,
    with the rat in (very) hot pursuit, our apologies.

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any issue and take a stand we deem in the best interest oi the
    University, to treat every issue with the responsibility that is accorded us
    in a free society, to be constructively critical when necessary as weU as
    lauda- tory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and
    integrity. Editorials appearing on this page reflect the consensus opinion
    of tee editorial board. Signed columns present the views only of the
    authors. All letters should be adressed to the Editor, and must be received
    no later thpr> Saturday noon for publication in the Tuesday edition and
    Wednes day noon for publication in the Friday edition. All letters must be
    signed and typed double-spaced: however, names may be withheld upon request.
    The Editor reserves the right to choose aU letters for publication, and to
    edit any letter chosen for reasons of space restrictions, grammatical change
    and offensive language. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY

Heading: National Educational Advertising Services
Content: A DIVISION o r R E A D E R ' S  D IG E S T  S A L E S  & S E R V IC E S , INC .
    3 6 0  L e x in g to n  A v e., N ew  Y o rk , N. V. 10017 Office: Focht
    Printing Co., 229 Market Street, 523-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221

Heading: Guest Column
Content: (Continued from Page 2) woman, he may draw upon past memories such as his
    involvement with other women (in order to " compare" ), along with his
    immediate, emotional filin g s These constitute " what has come before."
    But he may also weigh his alternatives by speculating on tee potential "
    success^ of the marriage. In so doing, he would be wondering " what will
    happen" follow- ing his decision. Likewise, if one decides to play tennis on
    a given day, he may either consciously or subconsciously review the quality
    of his game of tee past few days while simultaneously thinking about his
    chances of winning and losing with the opponent. While these examples may
    tend to oversimplify, they do relegate the making of decisions as processes
    which call upon past experiences and speculation in determining future
    courses of action. Decisions, then, invariably utilize experience, but they
    also are con nected with tee formation of opinions in that one rarely holds
    a sub stantial opinion on something unless he has consciously or
    subconsciously reviewed alternatives and discarded all but one. In
    eliminating alterna tives, one is, in effect, engaging in tee process of
    decision-making. One may reflect, therefore, teat our opinions are a product
    of our experiences in teat opinions are based on decisions because of tee
    processes of review and rejection, and decisions themselves are based on "
    what has come before''--an individual's experiences. While this sequence may
    seem elementary, and is probably not so original as this author supposes, it
    is often overlooked by groups or persons differing in opinion. No two
    persons can be expected to initially agree on everything together, due to
    their different, unique, experimental back grounds And, consequently, one
    should perhaps have second thoughts before labelling this " right"  and that
    " wrong"  without an earnest pooling of ideas and viewpoints. Clearly, at
    the outset, this should not be a world of extremes.

Heading: Dateline: The Campus
Content: (Continued from Page 2) taken. Too, parents of students and prospective students
    must wonder as to what type of living experi ence <<cists both in theory and
    in practice. The present proposal offers no mode for such determina tion. In
    short, the ABS, by adopting a rule such as this, holds itself up to ridicule
    by the entire University because 1) despite the seeming righteousness of tee
    idea of in dividual freedom, tee measure doesn't offer a constructive alter
    native to existing visitation policy shortcomings; for example, the es
    tablishment of the living units, right to determine hours and with the added
    provision for living space (a couple of halls or whatever the " de mand"
    dictates) under the present system of visitation hours for those who so
    desire it. 2) The ABS pro posal effectively sidesteps existing issues and
    rules and fails to repre sent tee interests of tee student body taken as an
    entirety. 3) It pre cludes tee opportunity for discus sion and meaningful
    dialogue be tween students and administration towards the resolution,
    compromise and/or conciliation. 4) The ABS action provides a dangerous pre
    cedent of non-action in the face of real issues and 5) which by its very
    nature is difficult to amend or re peal. Yet the situation calls for im
    mediate transformation to allow for democratic interests to be serv ed and
    to provide the University with a single standard, which, though unpopular to
    some, is at least based on tee current situa tion as it exists and doesn't
    com promise the integrity of hall coun selors, students, and which doesn't
    challenge tee enforcement power of the University administration. Such a
    creative measure is what we have a right to expect from ABS. I suggest ABS
    must immedi ately re-evaluate their untenable stance or risk losing their
    relevance to the University community. Your opinions appreciated. Yours,
    Karl Fritz

Heading: Keeping Account
Content: By CHARLES MUSSMAN (Continued from Page 2) be the criterion for continuing
    employment. It is disgusting to think that the same .ousy professor can go
    on turning off students for years, and yet because he is on tenure, nothing
    can be done, yet that is exactly what happens all too often. Why aren't
    professors' salaries scaled accord ing to tee quality of their teaching? Why
    aren't professors required to take courses in teaching? The fact that one is
    brilliant does not neces sarily imply teat one can adequately impart that
    knowledge to others. The most important problem discussed during tee
    conference centered around the question of how anything cart direct itself
    unless its objectives are known. The most fundamental problem with higher
    education today (and it is almost universal) is that the goals of these
    institutions are un defined. Before any further steps are taken in any
    direction, the Uni versity must rethink: what is its purpose? What should
    its direction be? That night we all went down in tee snowstorm to see
    Chicago's famed Old Town. And early tee next morning we left the hotel to
    return to Bucknell with more problems than we had when we started and a
    greater sense of responsibility to see that something is done about teem. By
    STEVE SHEDD Jennifer Dohm, Weatherman leader, sister of Bernadine, and
    former student at the University of Chicago, spoke at tee University as
    reported by a March 12 issue of the Chicago Maroon. The main purpose of her
    visit was to inspire support for the up-coming anti-war demonstrations in
    May. Plans include a May 1 meeting of the SCLC mule train marchers from Kent
    State and other demonstrators at a farm outside Washington D.C. On May 2
    they will present the People's Peace Treaty to President Nixon and Congress.
    Plans are to surroiniu tee Capitol until Congress discusses it. According to
    Miss Dohm " We re going to have to destroy this government and all it's
    institutions. Its going to be a real spring offensive." Racial tension at
    the University of Pittsburg has still not subsided. The March 22 issue of
    the Pitt News related teat on Friday March 19 a racial conflict between
    black and white staff members at the campus radio station forced tee closing
    of the station. At tee printing of tee March 22 issue the station was still
    not broadcasting. The March 12 issue of tee Albrightian, Albright College's
    newspaper i reported teat Professor Robert Lifton of Yale had spoken there.
    His talk was on " Living In Atrocity."  Lifton had studied tee effects of
    the bomb on tee survivors at Hiroshima and found teat people had difficulty
    com municating tee totality of destruction. One survivor stated " My body
    was all black, people were dying. I told myself it was the end of tee world.
    Lifton felt tee atrocity at My Lai was acted out by men who had lost their
    bearings. He described Vietnam as dull. " GI's have no roots, only a shadow
    of an enemy, but no concrete contact with the enemy. They de velop a sense
    of guilt for surviving and a sense of hate for tee Soute Vietnamese people
    because of tee corruption they find."  Lifton concluded by stating teat
    atrocities can only be stopped when people face teem, in all their aspects
    of the incidents, denying nothing.

Heading: MAN,
Content: 

Heading: WHAT
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: S HOE'
Content: 

Heading: Parts & Service
Content: 

Heading: AU
Content: 

Heading: Foreign Cars
Content: 

Heading: SUSQUEHANNA VALLEY WHITE
Content: 

Heading: Selinsgrove "At the Bridge"
Content: 

Heading: --  Dealers for --
Content: 

Heading: DODGE --  RENAULT --  TRIUMPH
Content: P  !

Heading: M
Content: >> 1 wm \

Heading: ill
Content: !!!IS << SS 1

Heading: didas
Content: Mad* with

Heading: O R A NG E
Content: 

Heading: S T R I P E S
Content: 

Heading: THE WORLD' S MOST WANTED SHOE
Content: Preferred by the Pros. Soft, light Isathsr quickly conforms for custom fit-
    Stripss eliminate stretching. Order yours now, give dress shoe size. Check
    or money $17.95 postpaid. * 1 << ----------- order. #jORANOESTRIPE O l

Heading: ACK STRIFE
Content: 

Heading: ^THLETIC
Content: 

Heading: J J
Content: 

Heading: OUSE
Content: #OX

Heading: toss
Content: -  KNOXVILLE, TENN. S7S0I

Heading: NAME.
Content: 

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: APRIL 2, 1971
Content: ADDRESS. CITT ______

Heading: STATE.
Content: _2IP_ APRIL 2, 1971 t h e b u c k n e l l ia n

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: coBOoooeeececeeceo
Content: 

Heading: Happenings o f Note
Content: 

Heading: ABS: Peace Treaty
Content: 

Heading: J. C. Applicants
Content: Lpplicants for Junior Counselor !itions in freshman men and wo- m's dormitories
    next year are rited to attend an informal dis- ssion with present freshman
    men d women. Learn first-hand what [stakes not to make as a J.C. Limited
    facilities necessitate re acting this invitation to the first renty who call
    1259, 1250, or 1263. The meeting will be held Sunday, prii 4, at 8:30 p.m.
    in Fourth loor Lounge, Harris Hall.

Heading: Jelly Beans
Content: New Dorm will sponsor a " Guess he Number Of Jelly Beans In ^ e ar"  contest for
    the benefit of the !aster Seal Society. For the nominal fee of 10 cents 3
    guesses for a quarter), register our guesses at the following times tnd
    places: Tuesday lunch and din ner - U.C. (April 6), Wednesday lunch and
    dinner - Larison (April 7), and Thursday lunch and dinner - Swartz (April
    8), or any of those evenings from 8-10 at the New Dorm receptionist's desk.
    First prize will be cash: runner- up prizes will also be awarded.

Heading: Yearbook
Content: Business majors and others--An executive position is now available on the
    business staff of the 1972 yearbook. Contact Jock Willers at 524-9690 for an
    interview if in terested.

Heading: Colloquy
Content: There will be a meeting for every one interested in working on fall colloquy
    this Wednesday in the C.A. Comer Room. If you can't make tt but are
    interested, please call BUI Wood at 1793.

Heading: Campus Calendar
Content: 

Heading: Appropriations
Content: Please remember that all appro priations requests for the 1971-72 academic year
    should be sent to Chuck Resnick B-623 by Monday, April 5. Extra forms are
    available, call 3515 or 3150.

Heading: Cocktail Theatre
Content: Cocktail Theater will present George Bernard Shaw's one-act play, "The Glimpse
    of Reality,"  on Monday, at 4:30 pan. in Coleman Hall Theatre. Admission is
    free.

Heading: Free University
Content: The Free University Discussion Group will meet tonight at 10:00 p.m. (after
    Hilltop) in the Um- versity Lounge. Neil Anderson will talk about " Art as
    Behavior." Everyone is welcome.

Heading: License Plates
Content: The Physical Plant requests that all Pennsylvania students report the change in
    their license plate numbers to the campus security of fice as soon as
    possible. (Continued from Page 1) was defeated. It was then decided that a
    refer endum should be held " in which all members of the University com
    munity, as individuals, be asked within the first two weeks of April to
    consider and vote on the ratifica tion of the argeement."  The ap proved
    motion also said * It is understood that organizations as well may consider
    and ratify the treaty." At this point, in obvious disgust, Doscher rose,
    told the body that he was resigning, and walked out. At this time, the ABS
    has failed to receive a formal written resigna tion from him. The referendum
    will be held si multaneously with the upcoming at- large and class officer
    elections. In other business, a plan con cerning the possibility of
    installing a direct dialing system within the dorm was considered. The
    motion proposed by Tom Wells, would have necessitated students accepting re
    sponsibility for the phones in their rooms. An alternate motion, proposed by
    Neil Hendershot, was adopted, which stated that John Zeller, vice president
    for business & administra tion, should investigate the present telephone
    service, along with the possibilities of making long distance calls at any
    hour through direct dialing or extending the University operator's hours.
    Students would thus be permitted to accumulate phone bills on their room
    exten sions, and accepting incoming col lect calls. A plan for co-
    residential living by alternate rooms, was introduced by Pais. He specified
    that all dorms need not be structured in this fash ion -- some may also be
    co-ed by alternate floors. A committee con- sisting of Pete Holmes, Jeff
    Hassel. Russ Pais, and Janet Russo was appointed to look into the issue.
    Constitutional amendment intro duced by Chuck Resnick concern ing the
    publicity committee was adopted. It stated that the com mittee would be
    composed of liv ing unit representatives, thus re- leiving a publicity
    director of the burden. It was voted to abolish the lec tureship committee,
    in that its func tion was now performed by the co operative funding
    committee.

Heading: A
Content: conference committee was set up in its place to gather information concerning
    conferences to be spon sored by the University.

Heading: S
Content: Friday, April 2 ,,oVl .<<.n<< o m ) Davis Gym 2:00 p.m. Science Fair opens
    (Through 10.00 p. * MedUation chapel Jewish Services u ftw t s  Hall Lounge

Heading: S
Content: : " S es p S  for Violent C o n fr o n t a t ^ S o u t h  Africa" 6:30 p.m. 8:00
    p.m. 9:00 p.m. urday, April 3 , .. __ 00 a.m. National Teachers Examination
    00 a.m. Science Fair 30 p.m. Track vs. Lehigh 30 p.m. Lacrosse vs. Lehigh 00
    Midnight Catholic Mass i a . m . PnChapel: The Rev. Mr. oo a.m. Bahai Soul
    Community Rap Session *30 p.m. S S r >> S 5 l :  Millicent Hicks, Piano pm
    ^B ucknell University Faculty Meeting oo n m. Family Swim Night 00 p.m.
    English Dept. Film: " Farrebique esday, April 6 , n _ Arthur Brandon: " The
    Role 30 p.m. Contact Lecture-Discusswn: Dr. Arthur w a n a o ^  ^ ^ of the
    University Trustee Coleman Hall 103B : 30 p.m. Phi Beta Kappa Rooke Chapel
    :45 p.m. Catholic Mass _________________ _ _ Vaughan Lit. Aud. Davis
    Gymnasium Memorial Stadium West Field Rooke Chapel Rooke Chapel Corner Room
    Rooke Chapel Vaughan Lit. Aud. Vaughan Lit. Aud. Freas-Rooke Pool Vaughan
    Lit. Aud.

Heading: Corsages -- Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: 

Heading: Students for Peace
Content: 

Heading: Co ordinate Auction
Content: By GINA SMITH An auction sponsored by the Bucknell Students for Peace will be
    held Saturday, April 10 from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Bison. Pro ceeds will
    be donated to the Harris burg Six Defense Committee. Senior Betsy Sandel and
    sopho more Peter Hect are coordinating the event. Bob Walker, a senior, will
    act as auctioneer. The group still needs donations, especially old books,
    records, furni ture, clothing, knicknacks, and arts and crafts. All items
    can be drop ped off at 246 New Dorm, or they can be collected by calling
    Miss Sandel at 1732. Miss Sandel anticipates earning a thousand dollars in
    this venture. Recently, the Bucknell Students for Peace sent a $475 check to
    the De fense Committee. This sum repre sented the profits from a showing of
    the film " Holy Outlaw,"  a folk con cert, and the Feb. 28 forum featur ing
    two Harrisburg Sue defendants and University faculty members.

Heading: Visitation Guidelines
Content: (Continued from Page 1) visitation. Guidelines outlined by the com mittee for
    the period between mid night and noon on weekdays and 2 a.m. and 10 a.m. on
    weekends include: ( 1 ) Male visitors entering the dorm must call the girl's
    room from the lobby. (2) Women must escort men to and from the lobby. (3)
    Men must present their

Heading: ID
Content: s. If a guest of the University, he must obtain a guest pass from the

Heading: Rooms
Content: 

Heading: *A memorable, heart-warming 90 minutes
Content: 

Heading: 'Who would believe history could be
Content: 

Heading: so entertaining and enlightening?"
Content: 

Heading: " I hope you will replay your special
Content: 

Heading: so our parents
Content: 

Heading: might have the opportunity to see it.
Content: 

Heading: THE PEOPLE SAID IT ALL!
Content: 

Heading: When it ran before, a
Content: 

Heading: flood o f letters and
Content: 

Heading: telegrams came pouring
Content: 

Heading: in almost the moment
Content: 

Heading: " Swing Out Sweet Land"
Content: 

Heading: was over.
Content: 

Heading: We've printed a few
Content: 

Heading: typical comments above,
Content: 

Heading: partly to remind you
Content: 

Heading: how special the show
Content: 

Heading: was, but mostly to
Content: 

Heading: make sure you're
Content: 

Heading: watching again when. . .
Content: 

Heading: BUDWEISER.
Content: 

Heading: , r e ^ 'S
Content: (Continued from Page 1) procedure should eliminate the re assignment of students
    late in the summer as happened last year. She added that, " Because the room
    contract cancellation deadline has been moved to June 1, most room changes
    will be made before the students leave the campus. The drawing of priority
    numbers will be at the following times: juniors from 6 to 7 p.m., sopho
    mores from 7 to 8 p.m., and fresh men from 8 to 9 p.m. The drawing for men
    will be in the New Dorm Pit and for women in Hunt Formal Living Room.

Heading: A R T 'S  B A K E R Y
Content: 

Heading: For the Tops in Lox
Content: 

Heading: -- Good Bagel's Too
Content: 

Heading: i id's Bakery
Content: 

Heading: 500 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: BY THE R. R. TRACKS
Content: 

Heading: FREE INFORMATION
Content: 

Heading: SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T IO N
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: Scheduled Immediately
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 8562
Content: 

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: 

Heading: CERTIFIED
Content: 

Heading: ABORTON REFERRAL
Content: 

Heading: All Inquiries Confidential
Content: dorm in which he is staying. (4) Everyone must enter and exit through the center
    door. The disciplinary committee promises severe punishment for using the
    side door. (5) Women with male visitors are requested to keep their doors
    closed. (6) Men are not allowed in the dorm halls except when traveling to
    and from the lobby. (7) Before a man enters a hall, his escort should
    announce to any girls in the hall that he is coming. (8) In case of undue
    noise, any woman is free to complain to the offending individuals or junior
    counselor. (9) Further guidelines m ay be drawn up at the disgression of
    each hall group. It is emphasized that each girl has the right to take
    infractions of the standard visitation procedure j to a higher judicial body
    than the Roberts disciplinary committee.

Heading: Paper Drive
Content: (Continued from Page 1) and $30 a ton for computer cards. Because the computer
    cards can be recycled into a higher quality paper than can magazines or
    newspaper, they can command a higher price. 1 The freshmen are sponsoring
    the project for ecological reasons, and not for profit. When asked about the
    drive, Swan said that " it will be continued until the end of the semester"
    and possibly carried through next year " if there is enough interest." ...
    More people are needed for this drive, and freshmen that are in terested
    should call Swan at 1257. More information can be obtained about paper
    recycling from Minkin Industries at 322-7846, Williamsport.

Heading: Becker Motor Co. - VW
Content: 

Heading: SpottigM
Content: 

Heading: 7
Content: 

Heading: Reviewers Blast 'Love Story' and Praise 'Fantasia'
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: Y
Content: 

Heading: V
Content: ......................... .. in IM. film The counle's closes with the Waltz of
    the Flow- emotions m__Mous^rgsky:

Heading: Love Story
Content: By DAVID HAMMER Someone once said that " a best seller is a gilded monument to a
    mediocre talent,"  and nowhere is t-his maxim more evident than in
    Paramount's celluloid production of Erich Segal's notorious Love Story.
    Basically, the movie exactly paral lels Segal's work, and that may be
    wherein many of the film's flaws lie. In addition, though, " Love Story"
    (at Sunbury's Strand for a three-week run) substantially lacks as an
    aesthetic offering: craftman- ship which other, recent films have noticeably
    mastered is almost to tally absent in this production. The content of the
    movie, as in the book, rests largely upon the " romance" (with all its old-
    time and incongruous connotations) be tween a poor Radcliffe girl, Jen nifer
    CaviUeri, and a rich Harvard boy, Oliver Barrett IV. The couple, played by
    Ali MacGraw and Ryan O'Neal, meet, fall in love and marry despite the
    obvious rift between their social classes. As the audience struggles along
    with the couple s trials (the cutting off of Barrett money) and jubilations
    (the boy's admittance to law school and the marriage's success, among
    others), it supposedly grows with the pair. And the reality of the girl's
    death hits many viewers, in the end, faster than they can pull out an other
    pack of Kleenex. But this viewer found no such growth with MacGraw and
    O'Neal; instead, one sensed a lack of depth in each of the two characters.
    The film projected stock types with no real personalities of their own, and
    the actors themselves did little or nothing to enhance the contrived roles.
    Ali MacGraw projected a paper image which became only slightly three-
    dimensional with the utter ance of a few unoriginal obscenities; her role in
    " Goodbye, Columbus was proof that she could have done a more able job than
    she did. Ryan O'Neal fared a bit better in that his facial expressions and
    acting style seemed to eminently suit one's image of an upper-class rich boy
    reacting against his par ent's values. Generally, though, both actors were
    chained to " sch maltzy"  character roles, manipu lated to evoke soap-opera
    tears for who knows what reason, which made for a film destined for rec
    ommendation by such periodicals as the Reader's Digest. Therefore, there was
    little either could do to remedy their fate. The best performances were
    turned in by the supporting actors, notably Ray Milland as Oliver Bar rett
    HI. Perhaps this is because the audience saw them for only mo ments at a
    time and was not forced to take them in large doses as was the case with the
    two leads. Much of the editing of " Love Story"  was choppy and lacked suf
    ficient transitioned devices to lend aesthetic appeal to the film. And Henry
    Mancini's score consisted of the title theme's repetition throughout the
    movie. While it oc casionally changed tempo, it was, at times, inappropriate
    to the mood created by some scenes in the script. But, because the theme is
    both " catchy" and overly-Senti- mental in sound, people will no doubt
    remember it (as they will the movie) -- sensing a richness which is not
    actually there. Despite the film's considerable faults, however, some
    devices and scenes were worth commending. The foreshadowing of Jenny's death
    at the movie's start and its con comitant flashback allow the viewer to
    concentrate more on the happi ness of the couple than on the tragedy of
    death itself. And, had the characters been a bit more " lifelike,"  such a
    device would have surely been effective. Interlude scenes, which do not
    ordinarily depend upon dialogue and character development, were ex-

Heading: 'Third World' Weekend
Content: 

Heading: Offers Diverse Events
Content: 

Heading: IN " SWING OUT SWEET LAND"
Content: 

Heading: Thursday, April 8 * 8-30-10 P.M. EST * NBC-TV
Content: " inheck for local time and station) ANHEUSER-BUSCH. IHC. * ST. LOUIS

Heading: Considering Alaska??
Content: 

Heading: Accurate, comprehensive bro
Content: 

Heading: chure aboul
Content: 

Heading: opportunities in
Content: 

Heading: construction, oil, fishing and
Content: 

Heading: canneries, others. Send
Content: 

Heading: $2.00
Content: 

Heading: cash or money order to--
Content: 

Heading: JOBS IN ALASKA, P- O. BOX
Content: 

Heading: 1565, ANCHORAGE, ALASKA
Content: 

Heading: 99501
Content: 

Heading: RTS- 11 & 15-- SELINSGROVE
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 743-1514
Content: 

Heading: SALES
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE --  PARTS
Content: 

Heading: COMPLETE TOWING
Content: 

Heading: & BODY SHOP WORK
Content: 

Heading: uuLH innnfii
Content: hi

Heading: -------
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: B R U N O ' S
Content: 

Heading: House of Fashion
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-0790
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 7:30 P.M. 9:00 P.M. 10:30 A.M. 1:00

Heading: P.M.
Content: 1:30

Heading: P.M.
Content: 2:00

Heading: P.M.
Content: 2:30

Heading: P.M.
Content: 4:00

Heading: P.M.
Content: 7:00

Heading: P.M.
Content: 9:00

Heading: P.M.
Content: 12:00 A.M. 10:30 A.M. 2:00 P.M. 3:30 P.M. FRIDAY, April 2 Jacob Ngwa, " African
    Development -  Prospects for the Seventies"  -- New Dorm Formal Living Room.
    Panel- " Prospects for Violent Confrontation in Southern Africa"  -- (Ingle,
    Ngwa, and Snyder) -- Roberts Hall lounge. SATURDAY, April 3 Prof. Philip
    Mangano, " The Middle East in Third World Perspective -- A Developmental
    View of a War-ridden Land New Dorm Pit. Jacob Ngwa, " West African Culture
    and Development - Di^Gerald L. Steible, " Strife in the Middle East"  -
    Coleman William F. Todd, " Oil's Impact on the Middle East"  -  New Dorm
    Pit. , . Panel: "African Unity"  -  (Ingle, Ngwa, and Snyder) Seventh Street
    House. . Professor Clyde Ingle, " The Second Decade of African In
    dependence"  -- New Dorm Pit. C. Kenneth Snyder, " Africa in Modem
    Historical Perspec tive"  -- Larison Lounge. Panel- " A Better Way than the
    U.S.A.? -  Alternative P a to to Modernization and Democracy in L a t in
    America -  Hunt Rec (Edisson Osorio and Cesar Vasquez). Catholic Midnight
    Mass au Third World -  Rooke Chapel. SUNDAY, April 4 Protestant Service:
    Edisson Osorio, " The Liberation Struggle and Options of Latin America
    Christianity"  -- R ooke Chape. Prof. Blair, " The Green Revolution and its
    Political Implica tions"  -- New Dorm Pit. Prof. John Badgley, " Asian
    Development"  -  New Dorm Formal Living Room. cellent in this film. The
    couple's frolicking in the snow and Oliver's playing in the ice hockey game
    were visually and entertainingly successful. Unfortunately, scenes like
    these were the exception rather than the rule. Judging from the dearth of
    pro- and con- criticism on the film, "Love Story"  is a movie which one does
    either love or hate. Indeed, if one enjoys viewing " soft"  charac
    terizations performed with medi ocre style, occasionally sloppy edit ing, a
    weak, repetitious score and, generally, trite substance -- and yearns to see
    a film which six major studios turned down -- " la ve Story"  is a definite
    " must."

Heading: Fantasia
Content: By DAN MARTIN To say that this weekend's movie at the Campus Theatre in Lewis-
    burg is a feature length Walt Dis ney cartoon is, while true enough, an
    enormous understatement. The film is Fantasia and constitutes what I would
    call the high point of Disney's long career. Made in 1940, Fantasia is a mas
    terpiece of visual creativity, a sym phony of sounds and images. From the
    introduction of Leopold Stokow ski and the Philadelphia Orchestra, through
    the seven or eight pieces performed by them, all eyes are focused on the
    screen while minds are wondering whether the visions are actual or dreamt;
    whether they're Disney's or our own. The introduction into Fantasy- land is
    provided by Bach's Toccata and Fugue in D Minor, accompan ied by a multitude
    of flowing, wrig gling patterns of lines and forms; brilliant colors which
    pour from one side of the screen to the other, out into the audience and far
    into the distance. Dramatic bursts of light pulsate along with the changing
    musical tempos and culminate in a breathtaking display of swirling clouds
    and a flaming sun. A normal, everyday Walt Disney flick? Hardly. And so far
    only the hors d'oeuvres have been tasted, with a multi-course dinner yet to
    come. Bach is followed, no less impres sively, by Tchaikovsky and the
    Nutcracker Suite, with a cast of dancing animals and vegetables who are
    quite often hilarious and always beautiful. Among the eight outstanding
    sequences are the rol licking Chinese mushrooms which can't fail to raise
    the roof with screams of laughter at any matinee or evening show. Squirming
    gold fish cavot in the Arabian Dance, thistles and orchids follow in the
    Russian Dance, and as the Suite closes with the Waltz of the Flow ers,
    autumn fairies open milkweed pots to set free their seeds. Disney's
    creativity continues as he presents Dukas' Sorcerer's Ap prentice, who turns
    out to be, amazingly enough, good old Mickey Mouse. Our favorite rodent gets
    himself into his most classic dilem ma, as he experiments with his powerful
    master's wand, only to bring on a sea of angry water and hopping mops in yet
    another bril liant array of colors and move ments. In the remainder of the
    film, Disney turns a bit more serious as he presents Stravinsky's Rite of
    Spring and depicts, in none other than a stupendous manner, the birth of the
    Earth, with red molten lava, boiling gases, and swirling seas. Nature, or
    the return to it, is again his subject in the paradise he presents in
    Beethoven's Pastoral Symphony. Disney has created in this sequence a utopian
    view of our world based on the Greek myth which I consider the highlight of
    the entire film. Fantasia comes to an end with nightmarish spirits and
    tremendous emotions in Moussorgsky's Night on Bald Mountain, followed by the
    simple peace of Schubert's Ave Maria. Given the amazing content of this
    film, the degree of imagination and creativity, and the seeming depth of
    meaning involved, it is a bit of a puzzle why Walt Disney's sub sequent
    thirty years provided the public with scores of Doris Day, and Hayley Mills
    flicks, and count less sentimental animal stories. Per haps it has to do
    with his amazing genius for getting rich, but from his cartooning alone, not
    repre sented by but culminating in Fan tasia, I must consider Disney an
    artistic genius as well. Please see this film--if only for some easey
    listening, but prefer ably for a potentially fabulous ex perience.

Heading: Hilltop
Content: Hilltop will present

Heading: TRANS-
Content: EUROP-EXPRESS (1969) tonight at 8.00 p.m. in Vaughan Literature Auditorium.
    Written and directed by Alain Robbe Grillet, the French film stars Marie-
    France Pisier and Jean Louis Trintignant.

Heading: Tristram: A Review
Content: By JIM ALLEY Hurry hurry h >> r y  hurry t a fm " T

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: j f X

Heading: S
Content: ; whole aftfmoons show inside a drafty trader 1 from the sideshow a tired clown
    closes his door to the barkers ! dancing voice and sits down to remove his
    make up from s a  rusty 9

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: f i j l i
Content: tent dangle slackly from flapping comers of ^

Heading: ST.'SSr'S W
Content: 

Heading: ~ r g .
Content: b ra sfof tt ^ c ir c ^ b ^ S 'u n t il the*entrance

Heading: sasKsSSSsssss ss
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: gSKBSSSS
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: REED'S
Content: 

Heading: Summer Storage
Content: 

Heading: STUDENTS--Leave your W inter Gar
Content: 

Heading: ments with REED'S
Content: 

Heading: for Sum m er Box
Content: 

Heading: Storage.
Content: 

Heading: Full insured, freshly cleaned and
Content: 

Heading: pressed at Regular Cleaning Prices-
Content: 

Heading: 103 SOUTH SIXTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: 523-1282
Content: 

Heading: DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: (25
Content: c Charge) . Thursday

Heading: 9:00
Content: pm.----

Heading: 11:30
Content: pm. Saturday

Heading: 9:00
Content: pm.--

Heading: 1:00
Content: am.

Heading: 7:00 pm.--11:30 pm.
Content: 

Heading: PIZZAS
Content: Sm. Med. Lge. (Plain) with Rich Cheese 8t Tangy Sauce 1.30 Monday Friday #
    Sunday

Heading: -- OPEN--
Content: Sunday - Monday 5 : 0 0 pm.-- 12:00 pm-

Heading: T
Content: hpu

Heading: H
Content: rv - Thursday 11: am.-- 12. pm. Friday - Saturday 11:00 am,-- 1:30 am. Sm. Med.
    Lge. Mushroom Pepperoni X-Cheese Regular Ham Turkey Coke Orange Sprite Add
    .30 .30 .30 1.55 ___ 2.10 Add Add

Heading: .40
Content: 

Heading: .60
Content: 

Heading: .40
Content: 

Heading: .50
Content: 

Heading: .40
Content: 

Heading: .60
Content: H all

Heading: .60
Content: 

Heading: .85
Content: 

Heading: .80
Content: .15 .15 .15 Anchovie Ground Beef Sausage Green Pepper

Heading: HUTCH COMBO
Content: (Any 4 Items Above) 2.00

Heading: HOAGIES
Content: 

Heading: 8.
Content: Roast Beef, a real meal 1.00 - COSMO - 10c EXTR A - AN Y HOAG1E 2.75 3.75 W hole
    1.00 1.60 1.50

Heading: BEVERAGES
Content: .25 Coffee .25 Hot Chocolate ? 5 M ilk (W hite or Choc.)

Heading: Salaries and Recruitment Drop
Content: 

Heading: Placement Office Reveals Absence of Jobs
Content: By STEVE WATT Dr. Irwin, director of this Uni versity's Office of Personnel and
    Placement reported recently that the number of companies schedul ing campus
    recruiting visits this year was down 10% from 1969- 1970. He also noted that
    30% of the companies have dropped or cancel led their visits to the campus
    this year, compared to a 40% national average. " Many companies have no open
    ings, but recruiters come anyway in case there should be a sudden change in
    their company's needs," Dr. Irwin said. Greater numbers of qualified
    applicants and fewer jobs are the main reasons for the " tight" employment
    situation. Fresh college grads are competing for jobs with men with many
    years of experience because of the economic slump. Salary Survey The College
    Placement Council of Bethlehem, Pa., recently published its second Men's
    Salary Survey re port of the 1970-1971 season, a study of beginning offers
    by business and industry. Dr. Irwin stated that the survey, which the
    University participated in along with 139 other selected schools, " presents
    a very accurate

Heading: Something Special for
Content: 

Heading: that Special Someone?
Content: 

Heading: Visit
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9886
Content: o a e c o o o B o o o s o a o s o o o o o c o picture of the situation at
    Bucknell." College recruiting activity is con tinuing at a greatly reduced
    level at the mid-point of the current season. But, in terms of inflation,
    there may be encouragement in a checking of the upward spiral of the
    starting salaries being offered college graduates. Drop In Pay The rise in
    beginning salaries, usually at the rate of 5% to 6% per year, had continued
    unabated dur ing the past decade. However, this year it's different. At the
    bachelor's level, only one curriculum realized a gain of 3% or more in
    dollar value since the close of the last recruiting season. In dustrial
    engineering went up 3.3% to $877 per month. Last year the largest percentage
    increase in the comparable period was 8.5% for ac counting. This year the
    accounting increase since June was 1.7% to $850. Three curricular recorded
    aver ages slightly below last year's closing figures -- business, $717;
    marketing and distribution, $676; and the chemistry-mathematics-phy sics
    group, $794. The remaining bachelor's curricula covered in the ongoing study
    experienced modest increases ranging up to 2.9%. Highest Average | Chemical
    engineering at $928 con- j tinued to command the highest j dollar average at
    the bachelor's I level, followed by metallurgical I engineering at $890, and
    mechanical engineering at $886. Masters At the master's level, the MBA I
    category held up better than most curricula in the number of offers reported
    but it failed to show its usual strength in dollar average. In fact, its
    dollar average at mid-

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    A small fee is charged season was 3% below last year's closing figure.
    Although known to be a slow starter, last year at this time its dollar
    average was 4% above the close of the previous season. MBA candidates with a
    technical undergraduate degree still received the highest average offers at
    $1,075, although this was a drop from $1,112 in June. Chemical engi neering
    majors were next at $1,055, a gain of 1.8% over $1,036 in June. MBA
    candidates with a non-tech- nical background had an average of $1,018, down
    from $1,044 in June. At the doctoral level, there was insufficient volume
    reported to draw any meaningful or valid con clusions. Data for this study
    by the College Placement Council, limited to male students, covers actual
    offers made by business and industrial firms as submitted to February
    16,1971. The Council issues three men's Salary Survey reports a year--in
    January, March, and late June--and a report on women's salary offers in
    July. No Improvements In terms of volume, the figures in the current Salary
    Survey report failed to indicate an improvement in the situation depicted in
    the findings of a special Council study conducted in December. The al most
    1,000 employers responding in the December study indicated they planned to
    make 21% fewer campus visits and to hire 23% fewer college graduates than
    last year. National Economy " Obviously, the downturn in the nation's
    economy, resulting in sub stantially reduced employer needs, is a primary
    reason for the size able drop in the number of offers recorded thus far," a
    Council spokesman stated. " But another and very important factor insofar as
    the Salary Survey volume is concerned is the apparent change in the ratio of
    offers to acceptances. Employers have been receiving such rapid acceptances
    that they have had to make many fewer offers to fill each available
    position. There is also the speculation that a significant number of
    employers are holding back on making offers until later in the spring when
    the economic picture may be more promising." Other Side of the Fence Gone
    are the days when college seniors had a multiple of job offers. " They are
    on the other side of the fence;"  said Dr. Irwin, " they must now make
    themselves wanted."

Heading: Commission Seeks Disruption Remedies
Content: 

Heading: ST. LAWRENCE UNIVERSITY
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER SESSIONS
Content: 

Heading: Undergraduate -June I - July 2 & June 28 - July 30
Content: 

Heading: UP TO 8 CREDIT HOURS
Content: 

Heading: Liberal Arts Offerings
Content: 

Heading: Near Adirondacks
Content: 

Heading: Computer Science
Content: 

Heading: St. Lawrence Seaway
Content: 

Heading: Summer Theatre Workshop
Content: 

Heading: Thousand Islands
Content: 

Heading: Write: Director of Summer Sessions--
Content: 

Heading: _St. Lawrence University, Canton, N. Y. 13617_
Content: By DAN MARTIN In recent years, American cam puses have been in " the greatest
    turmoil in all of their history," said Dr. Clark Kerr, chairman of the
    Carnegie Commission on Higher Education at its March meeting in Chicago.
    Having proposed adoption of " Bills of Rights and Responsibili ties"  for
    members of American col leges and universities, the Commis sion's new report
    recommends pro cedures designed to assure that dissent and protest on
    campuses be expressed in constructive ways and in accord with the principles
    of a free society. Specifically, the report recom mends adoption, campus by
    cam pus, of " A Bill of Rights and Re sponsibilities for Members of the
    Institution," suggesting a model | bill. Also necessary is the develop- !
    ment of effective measures for con- ! sultation and contingency planning j
    in the event of disruptive emergen- | cies. The Commission feels that " a j
    campus is not and cannot be a

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 524-0744
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: 

Heading: TRANSCENDENTAL
Content: 

Heading: MEDITATION
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY
Content: 

Heading: APRIL 8th
Content: 

Heading: 8:00 p. m.
Content: ms taught

Heading: by
Content: 

Heading: Maharishi
Content: 

Heading: Mahesh
Content: 

Heading: Yogi
Content: 

Heading: 0LIN SCIENCE
Content: 

Heading: AUDITORIUM
Content: sanctuary from the general law, and thus, must relate more con sciously and
    effectively with the police than it did in earlier periods."  Each campus
    must cre ate effective procedures to deal with cases involved. One of the
    difficulties in dealing with " Campus unrest,"  the Com mission reports, is
    that the Ameri can public seems to show limited tolerance for mass protest
    activi ties, even when they are within the bounds of the law. The group's
    report distinguishes between dis sent and disruption and proposes that
    responses to events on a campus be based on this distinction. Dissent is
    defined by the Commis sion as: " Individual or organized activity which
    expresses the griev ances held against, or changes de sired in, society, or
    a campus, or both. The activity is carried on within the limits of the
    democratic processes of freedom of speech, assembly, and petition. Dissent
    may be more generalized than around a single grievance or remedy and may
    have an ideological base. It often includes proposed solutions as well as
    complaints." The Commission's report says that dissent " lies at the
    foundation of a university,"  and that " organ- 1 ized dissent and protest
    activity within the law, are basic rights which must be protected on the
    campuses--as they should be for ! all citizens everywhere." Disruption is
    defined by the Com- ! mission as: " Activity which is not protected by the
    First Amendment and which interferes with the rights of others. Whereas
    dissent relies on persuasion, disruption is based on coercion and sometimes
    violence." The report says that disruption " is utterly contradictory to the
    values and purposes of the campuses, and the processes of a democratic so
    ciety. . . It must be morally con dem ned and met promptly by the efforts of
    the campus and, when necessary, by application of the general law." In its
    review of emergency sit- sion found that (1) grievance pro- uations on
    campuses, the Commis- cedures are often too slow or non existent; (2) rules
    governing pro test activities have often been un wise or imprecise of both;
    (3) too many members of the campus have been reluctant to give up " the myth
    of uninterrupted serenity," and thus too few campuses have thought through
    the handling of emergen cies; (4) the view that a campus is some kind of a
    sanctuary from  the law has been held " for too long by too many;" (5)
    police relations have been treated on an arms- length basis that encourages
    im provisation, rather than accepted as an essential part of campus life, as
    they are elsewhere in the society; (6) and campuses have often failed to
    consider temporary closure as a last resort in situations of clear danger of
    violence to persons or property. On the campus, the Commission suggests the
    appointment of om budsmen to handle complaints made by faculty, students, or
    administra tors informally. If an ombudsman's recommendations are not
    accepted, the case at issue could go to a campus hearing officer for more
    formal investigation of the facts before a provisional decision is reached;
    a member of the campus community could bring charges to the hearing officer.
    Campuses might also consider appointing " campus attorneys"  to prosecute
    cases of alleged violations of campus rules. The Commission calls upon the
    campuses to reform themselves and to develop their own rules and pro cedures
    to protect dissent and pre vent and control disruption. To this end, they
    recommend that members of each campus en deavor to agree on a bill of rights
    and responsibilities applying equal ly to faculty, students, administra
    tors, staff, and trustees. " Too often, in the past,"  the Commission says "
    faculty members have set rules for the students but not for them selves; or
    trustees have set rules for the faculty but not for them selves. We believe
    the time is ap propriate for certain rights and re sponsibilities to be
    applied equally to all members of a campus."

Heading: TRANSCENDENTAL MEDITATION IS A NATURAL SPONTANEOUS TECH
Content: 

Heading: NIQUE WHICH ALLOWS EACH INDIVIDUAL TO EXPAND HIS CONSCIOUS
Content: 

Heading: MIND AND IMPROVE ALL ASPECTS OF LIFE.
Content: 

Heading: FOR MATURE READERS ONLY
Content: 

Heading: Complete!
Content: 

Heading: Uncut!
Content: 

Heading: Uncensored!
Content: 

Heading: poetry, prose, etchings, photographs
Content: 

Heading: STILL ONLY 50c
Content: 

Heading: at BOOKSTORE. LIBRARY. ENGLISH OFFICE
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: t h e b u c k n e l l i a n A P R IL  2, 1971

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: :A*.M

Heading: Kissling Notes Laxmen's Talents Prender Experiments in
Content: 

Heading: Spring Practice Sessions
Content: By DAVE COULTER The spring recess means more to the BU sports community than a
    midway break in the academic rigors; it is a period of change from the
    basketball tournaments and winter athletics to the refreshing outdoor
    competition of the spring sports. The roughest and perhaps the most exciting
    of these is la crosse. The Jamieson coached stick- men have a well-balanced
    and sea soned squad who will be strong con tenders for the MAC title this
    year. One of the outstanding athletes on the team is Lou Kissling, the
    leader of the Bison attack. He currently holds three Bison records: most
    goals in a single game-6, most goals in a season-31, and most goals in a
    career-59. Last year he received recogni tion for his performance when he
    was named to the MAC 1st team, Central Atlantic Conference 2nd team, and
    Little All American 3rd team. Lou describes lacrosse as combin ing " the
    roughness of football with the playmaking of basketball." He believes the
    midfield position is the " toughest position physically; a midfielder should
    be dead at the end of a game." Kissing heads the Bison scoring attack and
    explains, " Scoring in the game of lacrosse means a lot of movement,
    cutting, accurate pass ing, and spotting the open man. We have to find a
    good percentage shot like in basketball except there are no time limits."
    Lou is aided offensively by his ability to fire shots at the goal with
    either hand. He learned how to use both hands in high school, as " in order
    to be good you have to know how to use both hands, or the defender will know
    how to play against you." This year h$ feels the Bisons are " sound all over
    as a team. We have experience everywhere, ex cept at the goalie position.
    There are seven or eight good midfielders this year, and the defense has all
    returned. The key to the team's success is our midfielders, if they play
    together it will help the team immensely." On defense, with the number and

Heading: STRMID
Content: 

Heading: SUNBURY. PA.
Content: 

Heading: NOW PLAYING
Content: Weekdays at 7 8c 9 Sat. from 1 p.m. Sun. from 2 p.m. quality of the Bison
    midfielders, BU can be expected to play a "m ore aggressive defense"  making
    full use of the team's depth. Lou pointed out the wealth of senior talent on
    the team and par ticularly: co-captain Kent Kisen- bauer, who "has been
    converted from attack to an All-MAC defense- man;"  Doug Behm, " a
    defenseman who is tough to beat when his game is on;"  and C. J. Sowka, a
    hard working midfielder " who has lot's of scoring potential." The outlook
    for this season is bright, but Lou believes, " If we had had more time to
    practice we'd be in better shape now. We could be really good this year if
    we can co ordinate things and play together as a team. In the scrimmage
    against Siena College we had some penalty trouble and ended in a 7-7 tie.
    But we were down 6-3 before coming back to gain a tie and when de pression
    could have set in we ral lied and gained a moral victory in that sense. We
    can't afford any let downs this year with our schedule." The opposition this
    year includes 8th ranked Rutgers, Syracuse, Washington, Lehigh, and F. & M.
    The season opened Wednesday with a thrilling 6 to 3 victory against
    Gettysburg, and the Bisons will find out " how good"  they are Saturday
    against Lehigh in the first home game. Lou noted that the " fan sup port
    really helps, and that it has been incredible here at Bucknell. Looking
    ahead at the entire sea son, the team feels that " the first objective is to
    get the MAC title, everything else is icing on the cake."  This is Lou's
    personal goal also, for after witnessing the thrill of winning the MAC title
    two years ago, he would " rather win the MAC than be named to the All-
    American team." While " having a great time at Bucknell"  the senior
    lacrosseman has been majoring in economics and political science. Although
    he does not have a decided vocational interest, he is exploring the "en
    vironmental economics"  field. Next year he plans to go on to graduate
    studies in business. As the challenges and opportuni ties of a new season
    arise the power ful Bison lacrosse team should pro vide many a thrill for
    sports en thusiasts.

Heading: m m
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE Spring is the time of the year for baseball, kite flying, and
    footbalL Yes, the Bison gridmen are in the midst of their annual spring
    practice. Head football coach, Fred Prender commented that, " I am eagerly
    looking forward to this year's practice. I feel we will be able to find 22
    ballplayers capable of making next year a success." And even though Prender
    has 29 returning lettermen he feels that there are really 22 open positions
    on the team. However, the upcoming sophomores will have to compete with the
    more experienced players. The coaching staff is taking a good hard look at
    all defensive back candidates since this appears to be the main Bison
    weakness. Prender stated, " We'll be switching everyone around trying
    different positions until we are able to field two complete units.'* The
    football mentor is again striving for two distinct defensive and offensive
    units so that he will be able to platoon as much as possible this fall.
    Leading the 1971 squad are co-captains John Klenovic, an offensive center,
    and defensive tackle Joe DiOrio. Howie Burke wdl be calling signals again
    and the Bisons are going to be working hard on opening their passing game up
    in order to complement the strong running game. Spring football only lasts
    for 20 days but the results of this crash program will be evident when the
    Bisons tackle the Citadel in their home opener this fall.

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: B R O Z M A N 'S  R O C K  S H O P
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: |g |3  ; - K i s s li n g  A t t a c k s

Heading: Lewisburg,
Content: Pa.

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of living
Content: 

Heading: ........
Content: 

Heading: You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZM AN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: The CPA,
Content: 

Heading: a quiet
Content: 

Heading: revolutionary
Content: PWMOUNI P1CIU8EI PRESENTS Ali MacGraw * Ryan O'Neal

Heading: Jki tar's
Content: # 1 Bestseller A HOWARD G. AAINSKY - ARTHUR HILLER Producta

Heading: John Marley & Ray Millanti
Content: ! ERICH SEGAL ARTHUR HILLER HOWARD G MINSKY tmmMm # can DWIDGOLDEN FRANCIS LAI..
    knuumuNi ncnag t h e B U C K N E LLIA N A P R IL  2, 1971 P A G E  SE V E N

Heading: In the last few years business has
Content: 

Heading: changed as much as skirt lengths. So
Content: 

Heading: has the work of the CPA.
Content: 

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: Today the CPA helps solve a host
Content: 

Heading: of problems rising from new technol
Content: 

Heading: ogy (including the computer) and the
Content: 

Heading: changing social scene.
Content: 

Heading: He must be able to develop and
Content: 

Heading: interpret a wide range of economic
Content: 

Heading: data as a basis for decision-making
Content: 

Heading: and corporate planning.
Content: 

Heading: If you are a creative thinker, with
Content: 

Heading: a strong analytical ability, account
Content: 

Heading: ancy may be the profession for you.
Content: 

Heading: You might join an independent
Content: 

Heading: accounting firm, serving a varied list
Content: 

Heading: of clients, perhaps becoming a part
Content: 

Heading: ner eventually. Or you might start
Content: 

Heading: your own practice.
Content: 

Heading: c
Content: 

Heading: Or you might become a key man
Content: 

Heading: on the management team of a busi
Content: 

Heading: ness, or join a non-profit enterprise,
Content: 

Heading: or work in education or government.
Content: 

Heading: What other profession offers so
Content: 

Heading: many choices? Talk with your faculty
Content: 

Heading: advisor o r ...
Content: * 11,1 #i-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- |

Heading: | If you'd like to learn more about the work I
Content: 

Heading: * of a CPA, clip this coupon and mail to: Dept !
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: | P
Content: 

Heading: 12
Content: 

Heading: , PICPA,
Content: 

Heading: 1100
Content: 

Heading: Lewis Tower Bldg., Phila., |
Content: 

Heading: j Pa.
Content: 

Heading: 19102
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: _________l
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: -------------------
Content: 

Heading: >>
Content: 

Heading: j;
Content: 

Heading: -----------------------------1
Content: 

Heading: j Pennsylvania
Content: 

Heading: Institute of
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: !1
Content: 

Heading: Certified Public Accountants
Content: 

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: Name:.
Content: 

Heading: Address:.
Content: IMHMMMMMNN i

Heading: Thompson Previews Season
Content: 

Heading: O'Keeffe and Winings Break Bison
Content: 

Heading: Swimming Records in National Meet
Content: By KEN DOAK The Bison baseball squad, bolster ed by 11 returning lettermen, is
    looking towards a winning season. Although the team won only 1 of 5
    exhibition games in North Carolina, Coach Tommy Thompson said, " I think for
    a spring trip the guys did a good job." He is seeking increased run pro
    duction and a tighter defense to help improve last season's 7-9 rec ord. He
    said, " Last year we were hurting ourselves with errors at key times. We
    have to strengthen up the defense." The strength of the team lies in the
    battery combination. The mound staff features increased depth, which is
    important since the team is scheduled for 22 games in 6 weeks. Tony
    Zidansek, who was all-MAC as a soph before sitting out last season with arm
    trouble, has been throwing well and could be the key to a strong season. BiU
    Lane, 2-3 last year, is a hard- thrower who should have a good season if his
    control holds up. Sophomore lefthander BUI Gaito won the third starting slot
    with a strong performance on the spring trip. Backing up the starters wUl be
    sophs Joe Franey and Rich Baines, and frosh Jim Bolognese and Steve
    Speechely. Returning at catcher is senior Chris RUey who is counted on to
    spark the offense. His 415 batting average and 17 RBIs topped last year's
    team. The infield is led by shortstop Mike Marinchak, who has moved over
    from third, and Dave HU1, who returns at first base. Marin chak swatted .390
    last season, whUe Hill hit .278. Sophs Bemie Beminger, a second baseman, and
    Steve Eck, at third, hit weU down south and appear to have won starting
    positions. The outfield boasts three return ing lettermen, including Captain
    Gene Luccarelli in centerfield. He hit .321 last year and is an exceUent
    gloveman. John Rudolph (.340 in 1970) has the edge in rightfield. Steve Gen-
    tino has been shifted from second base, and is battling Jay Sabatino for the
    starting berth in left field. Coach Thompson seemed general ly pleased with
    his team as he stated, " The desire is there now. It's just a matter of
    putting it all together." If the Herd does put everything together, they
    could end up battling for the MAC crown with Lafayette and Delaware, who
    appear to be the top two teams. The Bisons open the season on Saturday with
    an MAC doublehead er at Lehigh. WhUe offering no pre dictions, Thompson
    concluded, ''we just hope to get off to a good start. I think we should have
    a decent team." By MARK KNODERER Peter O'Keeffe and Steve Winings climbed
    farther into the Bucknell record books over Spring vacation as they
    participated in the 48th annual NCAA swimming and div ing championships.
    Winings lowered the Bison stand ard in the 50 free by over two tenths of a
    second, finishing eighth with a time of 21.26 seconds. Win ings, only a
    freshman, has three more years to continue to whittle away at the record
    which stood at 22.1 last fall. Winings says, " I'm mainly a psych swimmer.
    Since Fm a sprint er I don't have to work out that hard." Steve's
    performance in meets this year show that this method can work. O'Keeffe
    reset his school record in the 100 backstroke. In the pre liminaries his
    time was 53.7, fast enough to qualify in eleventh place. In the finals he
    placed twelfth at 54.3. O'Keeffe also swam the 200 back- stroke, and his
    time of 1:57.9, al though not fast enough to make the finals, gave him the
    distinction of being the fifteenth fastest back- stroker in the United
    States at 200 yards. " I wasn't quite as psyched as I should have been,"
    explained O'Ke effe. " This was my third big meet in a month (after the
    MAC'S and the Easterns). Peter was a hard worker aU year, and finds competi
    tion on the national level much to his liking. In becoming BuckneU's first
    swimming All-Americans, O'Keeffe and Winings enabled BuckneU to place 27th
    (with 6 points) out of the 110 teams which went to the nationals. The Bisons
    won the small coUege nationals in 1964, but have found the going a bit
    rougher since moving up to the university division level. What about coach
    Dick RusseU, who thoroughly enjoyed the trip despite a nagging fear of
    flying? " I would have to classify these two as super-athletes. You have to
    be a super athlete to get into this meet."  He also looks forward to going
    to the meet next year, as Winings and O'Keeffe wiU both be around, perhaps
    joined by some of their teammates.

Heading: This Week in Sports
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE. Freshman Steve Winings has three years left to improve upon
    his eighth place finish in the Nationals. (photo by Bob Arnold)

Heading: Rivoire Wrestles in Nationals
Content: APRIL 3 Baseball -- Bison nine travels to Lehigh to begin their MAC competition
    with a double header. An improved defense over last year's effort could make
    the Big Blue contenders. Lacrosse -- the laxmen wiE have to coodinate their
    defensive play better than in their 6-3 victory over Gettysburg if they hope
    to get by the Lehigh Engineers, whom they host tomorrow at 1:30 p.m. Tennis
    -- the racketeers put their 15 game winning streak on the line with their
    new coach, Craig Reynolds, in an away match with Pitt. Track -- Coach
    Gulden's runners face an extremely tough foe in Lehigh. Lehigh crushed the
    cindermen 97-47 last year but the Bisons hope to turn the table in their
    first home meet of the year at Memorial Stadium. APRIL 6 Baseball -- the
    Bisons wEl travel to clash with the Nittany Lions of Penn State. A good
    chance for the younger members of the team to deliver. APRIL 7 Tennis -- the
    netmen need a victory over Lafayette if they hope to defend their MAC
    Championship. APRIL 8 Golf -- the Bison linksmen open their season on the
    BuckneE Golf course in a triangular meet with Dickinson and Juniata. Track
    -- the cindermen will host Dickinson to a three o 'clock showdown. The
    Bison's winter workouts could be the key to victory.

Heading: SUMMER
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: EUROPE for $199.00
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: JUNE 5 -- AUGUST 2 6
Content: 

Heading: ______________
Content: 

Heading: LONDON $199. |
Content: 

Heading: JULY 9 -- AUGUST 2 3 ______J--
Content: 

Heading: _____
Content: 

Heading: LONDON $219 8
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE Bison grappler Tom Rivoire en tered the National Tournament
    last weekend at Auburn, Alabama. He qualified for the tournament by placing
    fourth in the regional tour nament. Tom was unable to get past the first
    round as he ran up against eighth seeded Marlin Bran of Port land State. The
    junior 150 pound Bison co captain was pinned in the final period with
    seconds to go as he attempted to turn Brand over with a cradle for the vital
    back points. The score at the time of the fall was 8-5. Tom believes that he
    learned much this season and hopes to re peat his journey with more success
    and more company from the ranks of the BuckneE wrestling team next year.

Heading: maiaiaiararaiaiaiaiaiamaniaiEi
Content: 

Heading: COLE'S
Content: 

Heading: HARDWARE
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. 17837
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1284
Content: nuaraaE iziziB JgiaraiE izm ajB B i K (Open

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: CALL SALLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: only to BuckneU Students and Educational Staff-- Price Based on 60 Seats) Inform
    ation A b out

Heading: LE G A L,
Content: 

Heading: NEW  Y O R K
Content: 

Heading: ABORTIONS
Content: *  E xpert certified G ynecologists *  Choice o f top private hospitals and
    private clinics. *  Appointm ents scheduled w ith in  24 hours *  T ravel
    arrangem ents available *  TOTAL COST BELOW $250

Heading: FOR EARLY PREGNANCIES--
Content: 

Heading: FEE INCLUDED
Content: 

Heading: C A L L  EITHER OFFICE FOR
Content: 

Heading: A SSISTAN C E
Content: (201) 334-3738 (212) 885-1314 N ew  Y ork  M edical Referral A gency

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS O N
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: C A N  ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: Legal Abortions Without Delay

Heading: yoooaaooaacccoscecoacceaoBcccccccccccaccacccccc^
Content: -WHATS PLAYING? -----

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: PS A M P U S
Content: 

Heading: w FRIDAY - SATURDAY
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: TUI
Content: 

Heading: Cattleman
Content: 

Heading: H # M 1 D E
Content: 

Heading: C A N D Y
Content: H AND D IPPED

Heading: SPECIAL
Content: 

Heading: EASTER
Content: 

Heading: ASSORTMENTS
Content: 

Heading: AND
Content: 

Heading: GIFTS
Content: 

Heading: W E beautifully box each assortment
Content: 

Heading: and will gladly mail your order any
Content: 

Heading: where.
Content: OPEN 9:00 A- M. TO 9:00 P. M.

Heading: 209
Content: 

Heading: NORTH FRONT STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG,
Content: 

Heading: 523-7761
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: T
Content: 

Heading: 4
Content: ik

Heading: r i
Content: K-KLIAXD IV MEM VtSTA MSTMUTION CO, UC. * (c) !>>* W tf 0 M B POOOOCTIOIB

Heading: Feature Times 7:00 --  9:00
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: APRIL 2, 1971

Heading: SUN.-MON.-TUES.
Content: 

Heading: APRIL 4-5-6
Content: 

Heading: "LITTLE FAUS & BIG HALSEY"
Content: 

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:~
Content: MOTORCYCLE FOR SALE -- 1968 Suzuki 500. 7000 miles, 5-speed trans., Daytona-size
    carbs. $130. of extras and equipment included. $650. Contact Tom Jordan
    B-274 (524-9330 - leave message). FOR SALE -- Lumax driving light. 100,000
    candlepower quartz-iodine. New (still in box), for car, van, or cycle.
    $20.00. Contact Tom Jordan B-274.

Heading: PAPERS
Content: WANTED -- to type. Secretary willing to type reports at home. Call 523-7061. FOR
    SALE -- Honda 90. Ideal for girls. Bike, 2 helmets, sidebags, and bumper
    carriers. All for one absurd price. Call Libby 524-0338. CORNELL'S COIN &
    STAMP SHOP We buy and sell U.S. coins and stamps. 35 Broadway, Milton. Open
    10 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. WANTED -- A second hand 3-speed girl's bike. Call
    523-7543. BICYCLES FOR SALE -- 1 mens' S-speed German-made derailleur, 28" ,
    needs brakes, with new spare tire. $10.00. 1 lady's 3-speed Raleigh, 26"  ex
    cellent condition, originally cost $55. Asking $35. Call collect 374-4185.
    FOR SALE -- Fender Fuzzwah Pedal. Brand new & unused, must seU. CaU
    523-5612.

Heading: MEN'S
Content: CONTRACEPTIVES! Im ported and best American brands. Price list free. Samples and
    cata logue $1.00, refunded if not satis fied.

Heading: POPLAN,
Content: Box 2556-QP3, Chapel Hill, NC 27514.

Heading: FOR SALE -- SPINET
Content: 

Heading: PIANO,
Content: Wanted, responsible party to take over a spinet piano. Easy terms available. Can
    be seen locally. Write Credit Manager, P.O. Box 35, Cortland, Ohio 44410.
    WILL BUY ANY BOOK you pur chased at former B.U. Library book sales. Bob
    Marks' book store, Allen wood. FOR SALE -- Microscope, Nikon model G 600X.
    Call 524-3306.

Heading: H i
Content: IK #

Heading: Peace Weekend Benefits
Content: 

Heading: COR Vietnamese Children
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXm  -- NO. 39
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY. APRIL 6. 1971
Content: By RICHARD HUMPHREY The University Students for Peace, in association with
    concerned faculty and students, is sponsoring a weekend of activities on
    April 16 and 17 to attempt to point out how the war in Vietnam has
    interfered with various aspects of society. The activities will aid the
    Committee of Responsibility (COR). The Committee of Responsibility was
    formed in December, 1966, by a group of doctors and laymen in order to bring
    war-injured Vietna mese children to the United States for medical treatment
    not available in Vietnam. The Committee has a continuing program for the
    children returned to their homes in Vietnam. Entirely funded by donations
    from private groups and individuals, COR is strictly a humanitarian rather
    than a political organization aiding vic tims of the Viet Cong and American
    forces. Although arrangements for the week-end are still in the planning
    stages, Philip M. Whithim, faculty

Heading: Cone to Speak
Content: Professor James Cone, author of Black Theology and Black Power, will speak on "
    Black Theology, Revolution, Violence and Reconcilia tion"  April 7 at 8:00
    p.m. in Olin Science Auditorium. His other books include A Black Theology of
    Liberation and Black Spirituals: A Theological Interpreta tion. His visit on
    April 7-8 is being sponsored by the Rooke Chapel Academic Colloquy. co-
    ordinator, briefly outlined some of the proposed activities. Included in the
    activities is a discussion lead by Mary Emeny, national co-ordinator for the
    Peoples' Peace Treaty. She is well-versed on the social and moral
    implications of the war, as a result of her experience as head of a
    Vietnamese orphanage. John Balabat, a professor at Penn State and a
    representative of the Committee of Responsibility for War-Injured Children
    in Vietnam, will bring a film entitled " War's Children."  Mr. Balabat has
    been in Vietnam on numerous occasions and will soon be returning for a year.
    Other activities include a history and general outlining of the war in
    Vietnam, with a lecture from a representative of Concerned Veter ans
    speaking of his experiences as a serviceman in Vietnam. Dialogue on "
    Prisoners of Con science"  will be presented by John Hogan, one of the
    Catonsville Nine, and Helene Michie, wife of a mem ber of the Catonsville
    Nine, now serving in Lewisburg Penitentiary. Other topics hopefully to be in
    cluded are discussions concerning repression of dissent, illegal sur-
    veilance, and an inquiry into the foreign policy implications of the
    discovery of oil off the coast of Vietnam.

Heading: jMmellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: ------------------
Content: 

Heading: Faculty Vetoes ABS Plan
Content: 

Heading: For Conference Committee
Content: By JUNE CAFFREY On Monday, April 5, the Uni versity faculty voted to reject the
    ABS motion to add an administra tor to the proposed members of the Senate
    Conference Committee. It was also decided that there would be a special
    faculty meeting on April 15 to discuss the possibility of establishing a
    Faculty Finance Committee to study faculty salary allocation. Last May, the
    faculty accepted the University Senate Document. It was then turned over to
    the ABS for approval. In the period from Sep- tember to February, the ABS en
    tertained 75 amendments and has recently completed Stage 2 of the
    ratification procedure of the Uni versity Senate. Stage 3 of the
    ratification pro cedure concerns the membership of the Conference Committee.
    In the original Senate Document, the com mittee had been composed of ten
    members, five from the faculty to be appointed by the secretary of the
    faculty and five from the stu dent body to be appointed by the president and
    vice-president of ABS. The ABS had proposed the

Heading: Wright Says No Right
Content: 

Heading: Roberts Revokes Open Visitation
Content: addition of a member of the ad ministration to be appointed by the president of
    the University. ABS reasoned that by having ad ministration representation,
    the Committee would have a better idea of whether the Senate document was
    going to be vetoed or passed by the office of the President. Another
    argument was that the Senate is a product of community effort and the
    administration should have a say in its formation since they will be voting
    members of the body. Professor Spielman voiced the opinion that if there
    were to be a veto, it should be open and not concealed until the last
    minute. Professor Walker added that many faculty members had worked hard for
    the ratification of this document

Heading: >> I l  J
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: James Cone By GINA SMITH On Sunday night, the Roberts Hall disciplinary
    committee revoked its Thursday decision to take " no ac tion"  against
    violations of the of ficial dormitory hours. This move marked a return to
    the University-authorized hours of mid night on weeknights and 2 a.m. on
    Friday and Saturday for Roberts Hall. Anne Wright, residence director of
    Roberts, and Wendy Wenk, dis ciplinary committee head, both stressed that
    the Roberts action was not the result of " pressure"  from University
    administrators. Miss Wenk explained, " A lot of people, both residents and
    commit tee members, simply realized that an elected disciplinary committee
    has no right to change University hours." Miss Wright emphasized that the
    impetus for rescinding this decision came from individuals both favoring and
    opposing 24-hour visitation. " Revoking the statement didn't necessarily
    mean it was a wrong decision; the committee just lacked the power to make
    such a change," she stated. The residence director related that she had
    received complaints from women, not so much opposing the decision itself as
    questioning (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: News Seminar
Content: There will be a news writing seminar this evening at 7:00 in Coleman Hall. All
    interested people are invited to attend.

Heading: Two Frosh Attend Conference,
Content: 

Heading: Consider State Student Lobby
Content: 

Heading: MaharishVs Disciple
Content: 

Heading: Appraises Meditation
Content: 

Heading: I H
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: i s
Content: By LINDA DIETRICK Kirby Lamotte, a teacher of Transcendental Meditation who
    studied with Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, will speak about Transcen dental
    Meditation on Thursday, April 8, at 8 p.m. in Olin Science .Auditorium. He
    will present his views con cerning the value of practicing Transcendental
    Meditation for the individual and its implications for social behavior,
    world peace, and education. He describes Transcendental Med itation, or
    T.M., as " a natural, spontaneous technique which allows the conscious mind
    to experience increasingly more subtle states of thought until the source of
    thought, the unlimited reservoir of energy, creative intelligence and
    happiness within, is reached." According to the Students' In ternational
    Meditation Society, a non-profit educational organization chanical process
    which is parcticed for two 15 to 20 minute periods daily. Meditators report
    that it produces a " deep relaxation and infusion of energy"  and "
    increases happiness and efficiency in one's life"  from the very beginning.
    It is seen as a method of helping the individual expand his mind and make
    use of his full potential in studies, career, (Continued on Page 3) By LINDA
    CAPUTO Two freshmen attended a con ference held from March 5-7 at Penn State
    University, which was organized for the purpose of discuss ing the
    possibility of developing a student lobby in Harrisburg. Tom Wells,
    president of the fresh man class, and Roy Grossman, sup ported by the Class
    of '74 and by ABS, feel that such a lobby could represent the opinions of
    Pennsyl vania students, as well as out-of- state students. In this respect,
    the lobby would encourage the passage of student-supported legislation.
    Sixteen Pennsylvania schools were represented at this confer ence. According
    to Lt. Governor Ernest Kline, main speaker at the conference, " An effective
    student lobby would be beneficial to edu cation, students, and to members of
    the General Assembly." At this conference, a panel of government officials
    discussed three major issues: the desirability of a student lobby in
    Harrisburg, the effect a student lobby could have on Pennsylvania state
    legislation, and lobby techniques. These officials felt that " the pro posed
    student group would allow students to participate at all levels of state
    government: legislative, ex ecutive, and institutional levels." The
    establishment of an office in Harrisburg would serve as head quarters for
    student organization. This office would function as an in formation center
    to promote the lobby. The student lobby would also be a research service.
    Files and re cords on the actions, statements, and backgrounds of the
    members of the General Assembly and the Pennsylvania Congressional dele-
    (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Communities Sponsor Hunger Walk,
Content: 

Heading: Donate Monies to Combat Poverty
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: h
Content: which offers courses in T.M. on 'most of the major U.S. campuses, some 60,000
    persons are now prac ticing the technique in this country, and the number is
    rapidly growing. Teacher-training programs in India and the U.S. are
    presently meeting demands for instructors. Several universities, including
    Stan ford, Michigan State, and the Uni versity of Colorado, have fully ac
    credited courses in T.M. The technique, which the society describes as
    neither a religion nor a way of life, is a learned, me- By JENNY CHEN The
    "Walk for the Hungry"  on Sunday, May 2, emanating from three local
    communities, will con verge at Davis Gym in a unified community effort to
    raise money for CROP, an organization involved with the collection and
    distribution of overseas emergency aid. The three-pronged community ef fort
    from Lewisburg, Watsontown, and the Sunbury - Northumberland areas initiated
    by a local Lewisburg youth group ofter an appeale from World Church Service.
    The group is currently enlisting the aid of groups throughout Union County.
    The Rev. Bruce Knisely, general chairman for coordinating the walk from the
    Lewisburg area, said that the aim now is to get young people to enlist in
    the walk. Each indi vidual must secure a sponsor, who will agree to pledge
    an amount of money for each mile of the walk the walker completes. " We are
    aware of the fact that there is poverty in Union County, and we are also
    mindful of the fact that there are poverty-stricken people in our area. But,
    I also feel it possible that in communities like Lewisburg people are not
    aware of the prevalence of hunger in the world,"  said Rev. Knisely. " The
    purpose of the walk is to call at tention to this and to bear witness to the
    community that we have some responsibility and that the young people are
    sensitive to the problem." The youth group will hold services in four area
    churches in the hope of " bringing the walk to the atten tion of the
    congregations so that people of the town will enlist as sponsors." As for
    the response, " It's pos sible that it would peak at the last moment. We're
    thinking in terms of hundreds of kids," stated Rev. Knisely. The walk will
    be held rain or shine. Tentatively, a type of cele bration of achievement
    will be held when the groups converge at Davis Gym. Money received from the
    walk will be forwarded to CROP, part of the Church World Service, and it
    will be used to handle emergency situations such as natural disasters and
    refugee problems and also to handle long range food develop ments in
    underdeveloped countries. and did not wish to see it changed. A vote was
    taken on whether or not to add the administrator to the Conference
    Committee. The ABS motion was defeated by a narrow margin 44-24, as two-
    thirds of the members present was the amount needed for passage. Those who
    have staunchly op posed the Senate document from the beginning voted against
    the ABS motion, while those who have favor ed the idea agreed with the ABS
    and were anxious to have nothing impede its rapid approval. Bob Nachshin,

Heading: ABS
Content: President " views the faculty's actions as regrettable and hopes that the ABS
    will effectively prevent an impass." If an impass developes, it is pos sible
    that ratification of the Senate document fay be delayed until September.

Heading: Aid Office Provides
Content: 

Heading: Sommer Employment
Content: By STEVE KNIGHT A unique cooperative program ad ministered by the Pennsylvania
    Higher Education Assistance Agen cy and the University Financial Aid Office
    will make summer jobs available to many University stu dents this year. John
    C. Hayward, of Financial Aid, outlined the details of the an nual project.
    Officially known as the CoUege Work-Study Program, it is funded by the U.S.
    Office of Education and aUocated by the University administration according
    to financial need. Undergraduate students who are receiving financial aid
    from the University and/or Pennsylvania State scholarships, or who have
    established financial need but have not received financial aid are usual ly
    eligible to participate. The jobs will be in branches of state, county and
    local government social service and other non-profit agencies in or near the
    individual student's hometown and are re lated to the student's major field
    of study and intended occupation. Most jobs wfll provide a work week of 40
    hours, and all will pay at least a minimum wage of $1.60 per (Continued on
    Page 3) #MHRBVMPPPR

Heading: m
Content: mmmmmmemmreibsimmrmmbmi

Heading: =FROM THE EDITOR'S DESK:
Content: 

Heading: It's Spring!
Content: _ B y  JACK SCHMIDT;

Heading: Student Lobby
Content: By DAVID WEINBERGER sident Nixon in a press con duce tonight elaborated and
    reaf- ned his belief that the war in lochina will be the last war for
    lerica. tooted in the N.Y. Times of irch 10 as saying, " This war is ling.
    In fact I seriously doubt it we will have another war. is is probably the
    very last one." night Mr. Nixon expanded on lat he meant by that statement.
    Mr. Nixon explained that the re nt American incursions, involv- g fifty
    million recently-drafted ildiers, into the Soviet Union, aland,
    Czechoslovakia, Yugosla- a, Albania, China, East Germany, uba, North Korea
    and the Fip !lands are " not an expansion of ie Indochina War."  The
    Indochina rar before it wasn't expanded, a s  known as the Vietnam War,
    xplained Press Secretary Ronald IcDonald. " We will destroy the suppliers md
    supporters of the Viet Cong wherever they may be, in order to !ave American
    lives and to gain ootage for my soon-to-be-released mtobiographical motion
    picture for nvx. lommenting on other recent ac- is, the President pointed to
    a ip and proudly pointed out which iples have been all but " mopped ' in
    last week's Operation Look- ke. He reminded newsmen of his announcement of
    several weeks ago of the latest intelligence informa tion which had
    discovered that " short yellowish men with beady eyes are living
    uninterrupted lives in both the South American region and the Arctic."
    Tonight he an nounced the successful " removal of these blemishes from the
    fair white skin of America and the world." " I have made good my promis es,"
    Mr. Nixon contended. " We pledged to do something about all those sunburnt
    gooks in Africa, and today I can announce that all of Africa has been razed.
    If I may quote the Bard, Africa has been rolled up in a small ball which has
    been kicked, if not off the planet earth, at least out of our minds. " But
    make no mistake about this- this is merely a temporary genocide and is not
    an expansion of the war in Indochina. We are merely taking the necessary
    steps to safeguard American lives." The elimination of Mexico a few weeks
    ago was explained as a part of the effort to stop the supply of dangerous
    drugs to Indochina that " hop up the VC giving them the courage to fight,
    and at the same time demoralize our troops, and make them turn tail and
    run." Mr. Nixon also dictated the latest intelligence information on the "
    tricks the slimy bastards <the VC) The VC, according to the informa tion,
    have taken to dying their skin black to avoid detection in the United
    States. " I knew,"  Mr. Nixon said, "that there was a reason why we had so
    many of them. Along the same lines, the VC have begun dying their skin white
    and wearing their hair long. But we'll put these people in their place." He
    announced the formation of the " Home Army,"  to be headed by George C.
    Scott. Its purpose will be " to cut a swath a mile wide through America, if
    that's what it takes, to root out and destroy the supporters and suppliers
    of the VC no matter what privileged sanctuary they are hiding in. I think
    the elimination of Connecticut last week shows that I mean business." are
    using Towards the end of the Press Con ference, Mr. Nixon, with tears in his
    eyes, announced that the most devious plan of all, has been the VC's attempt
    to " create dissension and diversity in the hearts of the American People."
    He accordingly announced plans to eliminate any one who " deviates from the
    norm. That way we will remain pure ana strong." He noted that the only
    exception will be the last ten million men drafted, the " Cripple Corps"  as
    they are known. " Our brave fighting men will be allowed to live. Every one
    else is in doubt." Despite the many predictions for a new spring low ebb,
    extensive programs ar(r) no(tm)^  J ith (tm)L h events to keep any
    offensive. April and M ayhave been as last year. How- frustrated anti-war
    activist at least a sy much stronger com- ever, the character of the 197!
    are ex- mitment to end the expanding war in ^ qUoting the pecting another
    outpouring of disgust WI*  'h e (tm) d o{ the oft used figure that 73% of
    all Americans want out ny me y Anti-war groups are organizing around two
    th'e entire accompanying schedule of local marches J^y scheduled Washington
    movement. On April 24, marches a ,, , t Mobilization Committee Peace Treaty.
    , <<!!miiar to previous anti-war The April 24 marches appear to be simil t

Heading: P
Content: ^ SMC ^ marches such as those held in Ndegvembe , >>for massive the largest
    student peace group in J*1(r) X s 7  activities are placid enough

Heading: - r r s  <<?S'."jssaiWE
Content: 

Heading: k it
Content: of Mayday, probably because o many local anti-war activities day is expecting to
    be the world. The

Heading: deaiing * *
Content: will be a focal point of the activities.

Heading: Stickered
Content: the Editor: To Whom It May Concern guess it was my fault. I suppose wouldn't
    have left my car parked front of the R.O.T.C. building a whole day and a
    half. After , my car has a decal on it which. God forbid, combines the
    American flag and the peace symbol. I fully realized that the pairing of
    these two symbols would be abhorrent to these people, since if there ever
    were peace and understanding in this country, they'd be degut degf bus-
    iness. But, not thinking, I left my

Heading: A .B .S .
Content: 

Heading: Agenda
Content: There will be a meeting of the ABS Wednesday, April 7 at 7:30 P M. in Coleman
    102-A. a g e n d a . .. _ . Recommendation to the Btecnt jve * g " Of
    Trustees regarding ratification of the Peoples rea Treaty.

Heading: S
Content: Affairs Oommittoe to r ^ e w the policies of the Office of Residence Halls and
    the o m c of Freshman Programs. << . d rnr a Cancer Support of the Kennedy-
    Javits Bill calling for a Cancer M otoTrecom m ending more frequent meeting
    of the Board E n d o r s L ? n fo fth e degA p ir M  March on Washington. 2
    . 3. 4. car and my decal in their vicinity. When I returned to it, the ^
    peace sticker was covered with an " Army ROTC"  sticker, and there was an
    other " Army ROTC" sticker on the back window. If I was known as being
    someone who was openly nasty, obnoxious and antagonistic in my attitude
    towards ROTC, I could understand an occurrence of this type. It was not,
    however, me who was attacked, it was not my car that was vandal ized, but my
    peace symbol. And this is what upsets me the most -- covering up a symbol of
    peace and the American flag with a symbol of war and militarism. There must
    have been a reason. If the person) s) who committed this symbolic act would
    like to dis cuss this reason with me in a friendly, openminded way, I am
    certainly ready to listen. If not, I must assume it was a childish prank,
    perpetrated by the leaders of Tomorrow's Army, the army into which they want
    to draft me, among other people. Yours in Peace, Gary Koutnik People's Peace
    Treaty The Treaty, negotiated last year by United States a represents the
    present Bucknellian, March 18, p. 2 for t * , ,. Government and the
    negotiating position of the ^ i o n M

Heading: R
Content: ^ ^ ^ ^ (tm) ^ 1 vietna- program of the popular Front for the^Defe:nse of Peace
    ^ ^ campus newspaper editors, r e facultv and administration members10 After
    student"  governments endorse the treaty, campus refer-

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: >> ? "
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: "

Heading: I A
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: Committee. .... , . , ident bodies at Florida To date, the Treaty t e  b y c h
    W>>  < ,, State University (by a 5600-400 vote) margin). Refer- margin), and
    Wisconsin State U n i v e r s at New Orleans, Bellar- enda are planned at
    Lousiana ^ t e  University at

Heading: ^
Content: ^ ^ e ^ n s i n ^ S U t o  University

Heading: PS
Content: 

Heading: , R
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: f

Heading: Z
Content: councils of Cambridge, Massachusetts and Madison, Wisconsin. 6 .

Heading: %\)t
Content: 

Heading: I B u c k n e U i a n
Content: TIC1AL STUDENT NEWSPAPER Established 1897. PubUshed $.00. payable in advirnc^
    Associated Collegiate P ^ ^ A n n u a l^ u b scrm u  ^ at the post office A
    t T ^ t A odegfnM.rPch 3. 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: HARLES MUSSMAN
Content: Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photo graphy Editor

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: SCOTT GEBHARDT
Content: <<latkmal Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICE
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: Literary Editor

Heading: TOM NOVINGER
Content: News Assistant

Heading: JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: DAVE STEIN
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: THE
Content: bu ckn ellian platfo rm To review W t o d j^ e t o e ^ t accorded u<< ^ c o ^ ^
    v ^ c r l U c M  ws^with0accuracy and integrity, ry when appropriate, <<id
    to print the oplnlon of the i >> b ^ d aP&

Heading: T
Content: c o ^ SprPesgent the views only of the author* o --

Heading: vtfLsrsL& r*
Content: 

Heading: AGE TWO
Content: t h e b u c k n e l l ia n

Heading: APRIL 6, 1971
Content: 

Heading: Vindication
Content: To the Editor: I feel compelled . . .  to adjust the image of Miss Brenda
    Gordon, Di rector of the Freshman Residence Halls Program, which I feel was
    inaccurately portrayed by the resi dents of Roberts Hall. Their letter gave
    me the impression that she is unresponsive to and unconcerned about the
    needs of the student, an impression that is totally misrepre- sentative of
    her. Do these young women realize Miss Gordon, like myself and four other
    Freshman Residence Direc tors has been interviewing appli cants for the J.C.
    position for the past two weeks so that it is quite possible that she was in
    conference every time they called? . . # Did they ever walk up to the of
    fices of Miss Gordon or Mr. Jenk ins, the Assistant Director? Did they ever
    consider making an appoint ment to talk with either one? Since when is
    Roberts Hall con sidered a majority of the University community? And
    finally, the most important question of all, did these anonymous ladies ever
    go to the people directly responsible for tour guides, not Miss Gordon, but
    the Admissions Office? I sincerely believe people should exhaust all
    possibilities before writ ing a letter which detracts from someone's
    reputation. Pax Chris Schroeder Residence Direct<<: of Harris Hall Mayday
    right to make peace when their governm t pledges one " to take It is
    important to of this Joint whatever actions are appropriat h P the
    government of the United

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: - t
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: i M
Content: 

Heading: i i J
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: !  >> << * #
Content: 

Heading: s tr A X H
Content: 

Heading: s e
Content: 

Heading: * pTn"
Content: 

Heading: ePS
Content: with National Welfare Rights Organization (NWRO), Nixon given final opportunity
    to accept Treaty - "Stop the War or We Stop the Government" ; rush hour sit-
    May enrircle^CapM

Heading: J PS S PS l flt PiS PS i
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: EURd e | L t o S s  << h e l d in major

Heading: d*s*j*(tm)$
Content: 

Heading: issl
Content: 

Heading: '
Content: 

Heading: s s
Content: 

Heading: :
Content: are supposedly being planned in^ ar , ^ pla^etwide distress signal for

Heading: S '  S S S 'S S S 'g<<
Content: 

Heading: "
Content: 

Heading: Ute. <<10. o<< me >>0 oeao.
Content: 

Heading: awito'
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: S 3
Content: nonviolence are new to ., war the inclusion of the beyond those specifically
    pertaimng a guaranteed annual income NWRO and the SCLC, M nydw prisoners, n,
    <<.SOO, i e ^ - t e brines 5 n S n l  ^ ^ e  L n .  from t e t  speelflenUr
    ew f,,g  .be May 1- May May 3-- May 4- war. Commitment

Heading: oSsrs, s f i A  a s A
Content: 0Ur (sisterstQa<m' brothers who have been in the movement for r << l e 3S b n e
    n b y t e , .

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: i r r M
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: as
Content: _. . r i a m udi deeper commitment will be need<<! for Mayday fuH, but it is
    difficult to predict if the streets of Washington will be. Boycott Coke
    anyone.

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: V
Content: (Continued from Page 1) gation would be kept. In order to set state educational
    policy, students would be expected to meet state education leaders
    personally and socially. Although mainly state colleges, state-related
    colleges, and com munity colleges attended this con ference. An effort is
    being made to actively involve private institutions in this program. Under
    the direc tion of Tom Wells, a letter ex plaining the purpose and the re
    sults of this conference has been sent to schools similar to the Uni versity
    in Pennsylvania. If the response from these schools is favorable, a similar
    conference may be scheduled here next se mester. At present, plans are still
    tentative. According to Tom Wells, the University's participation in this
    project is twofold. " The financial status of private universities and
    colleges is the primary concern," Wells stated. " Second, the educa tional
    aspect of this program may be of value to students who could spend a
    semester lobbying in Har risburg; for example, an off-campus semester for
    regular credit might be devised. However, no formal plans have been
    designed. The en-

Heading: Employment
Content: (Continued from Page 1) hour. Mr. Hayward emphasized the mutual benefits to be
    derived from the Work-Study Program by both the student and the community.
    He commented, " During the course of a summer, the student is provided with
    the educational experience of hard work, and his employers be gin to learn
    that the average col lege student is not the destructive demonstrator who
    seems to be get ting all the headlines lately." Those who qualify and who
    are interested in participating in the program should obtain an applica tion
    at the Financial Aid Office and file it not later than April 10. tire
    student lobby proposal still re mains an idea to be tested." A follow-up
    meeting to this con vention was held in Harrisburg on March 27. Plans were
    made for the next convention which is scheduled at the University of
    Pittsburgh in May. Anyone interested in working on this project should
    contact Tom Wells B-522 or Roy Grossman B-324.

Heading: 'The Play"
Content: Cocktail theatre will present 'The Play' Wednesday at 4:30 p.m. in Coleman
    theatre. This presentation was entirely written, produced and performed by a
    group of students in one week.

Heading: Open Visitation
Content: 

Heading: COR Weekend
Content: 

Heading: Indigo
Content: Any independent freshman, sopho more, or junior woman interested in a position
    on the Indigo steering committee should contact Betsy Nolan (1082) by
    Monday, April 12. The following positions are open: secretary treasurer,
    publicity chair man, Sports' representative, and a representative from each
    of next year's sophomore, junior, and senior class.

Heading: Abortion
Content: 

Heading: Information
Content: 

Heading: Guidance for
Content: *  C ERTIFIED GYNECO LO G ISTS *  CHOICE OF TO P PR IV ATE C L IN IC S  AND  H O
    SPITALS 4  APPO IN TM EN TS A V A ILA B LE W IT H IN  24 HOURS.

Heading: (212) TR 7-8562
Content: 

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: 

Heading: Certified Abortion Information
Content: 

Heading: All Inquiries Confidential
Content: ^ 4 4 ^ 4 4 4 0 4 4 4 4 4 4 ^ 4 0 4 4 4 4 4 *

Heading: Steamed Clams
Content: 

Heading: every Wednesday and
Content: 

Heading: and Thursday 7 pm. 'to ??
Content: 

Heading: TOWN TAVERN
Content: 

Heading: 600 Market Street
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) the manner in which it was agreed upon. The statement
    read in full: " After due consideration, we, as the dis ciplinary committee
    who were elect ed to uphold University rules and regulations, recognize that
    we have no right to make any decision con cerning 24-hour visitation. We
    must, therefore, rescind our statement. In the future, all cases will be
    handled individually." In a related matter, Trax Hall agreed Sunday night
    not to take action on the visitation issue until President Charles Watts
    releases his statement April 15.

Heading: Disciple Talks
Content: (Continued from Page 1) and recreation. The physiological changes which
    accompany meditation have recent ly come under study by a number of medical
    researchers. Dr. Robert K. Wallace at UCLA reported that in most meditating
    subjects, the metabolic rate fell within five minutes to a lower level than
    that of deep sleep. Distinguishing it from wakeful ness, deep sleep, and
    dreaming, as well as from auto-hypnosis, Dr. Wallace calls T.M. a " fourth
    state of consciousness,"  perhaps similar to animal hibernation. Other
    studies have found T.M. to be useful in alleviating high blood pressure,
    hypertension, and com pulsive drug abuse. Following the lecture, a second
    meeting will be scheduled, at which time a qualified teacher of T.M. will
    discuss the basic mechanics of the technique. Individual instruc tion will
    then be available for those interested.

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    A small fee is charged Any concerned student or faculty member interested in
    helping with the drive to bring war-injured child ren to the United States
    for medical treatment please contact Sue Grant (B-308, 1388. Roberts 341.)
    People are also needed to help with the Committee of Responsi bility week-
    end April 16 and 17. Please contact Pat Rom in Bert rand Library (ext. 3056)
    or at home, 60 S. Second Street (524- 0579).

Heading: Chokola Speaks
Content: Peter T. Chokola, President and General Manager of the Chokola Beverage Company
    of Wilkes-Barre, will speak Wednesday, April 7, at 7:30 p.m. in U-B Coleman
    Hall, on " Pollution Profiteering vs. Corpo rate Social Responsibility in
    the Soft Drink Industry." Mr. Chokola is prepared to dis cuss the economics
    of disposable vs. returnable bottles from the view point of the soft drink
    bottler who is bucking an industry trend to ward disposable bottles.

Heading: Candidates
Content: There will be a brief meeting for all candidates running for class of fices and
    ABS at-large membership tonight at 7 p.m. in New Dorm Pit.

Heading: PR Forms
Content: Senior biographical forms mailed out by the Public Relations Office should be
    returned by Friday, April 9.

Heading: Auction
Content: 

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: The Bucknell Students for Peace will be holding an auction in the Bison, from 10
    a.m. until 5 p.m., Saturday, April 10. Senior Bob Walker will be the
    auctioneer. Do nations such as old books, records, clothing, furniture,
    knick-knacks, white elephants, art work, etc. will be graciously accepted!
    The proce- I eds of the auction will go to the legal defense fund of the
    Harrisburg Six. If you have any items to donate, call Peter Hecht (523-4712)
    or Betsy Sandel (1732), or bring the items to 170 New Dorm.

Heading: ENTER
Content: 

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: FESTIVAL OF
Content: 

Heading: THE ARTS
Content: 

Heading: For information write:-
Content: 

Heading: BOX 418
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG
Content: 

Heading: PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: STRRIID
Content: 

Heading: SUNBURY, PA.
Content: 

Heading: NOW PLAYING
Content: Weekdays at 7 8c 9 Sat. from 1 p.m. Sun. from 2 p.m.

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: 

Heading: Easter Party
Content: The freshman class is sponsoring a Selinsgrove Easter Party Sunday, April 11. 40
    People are needed to fill the bus which will leave at 1:30 and return by
    4:00. Please contact Paul Baum (3330) or Tom Wells (3343) if you wish to go.

Heading: Camp Counselors
Content: Applications for Freshman Camp Counselors are now available at the C.A. Office,
    in the Botany Building. Those desiring to apply should pick up a form as
    soon as possible and return it no later than April 15.

Heading: iSILCO STORE
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: .

Heading: MEN'S (Famous Brand)
Content: 

Heading: KNIT SHIRTS
Content: 

Heading: Regular $4-78
Content: 

Heading: NOW 2 for $9.00
Content: 

Heading: For the Ladies we have the
Content: 

Heading: latest styles in the--
Content: 

Heading: HOT PANTS AND
Content: 

Heading: HOT PANTS SETS
Content: 

Heading: from 7.98 to $19.98
Content: 

Heading: DON'T FORGET TH E
Content: 

Heading: ............................
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: PIZZAS, HOAGIES, SANDWICHES, SOFT DRINKS
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY'S --  523-9251
Content: 

Heading: All Deliveries C.O.D. to individual rooms
Content: 

Heading: Sunday thru Thursday
Content: 

Heading: ---------
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 to Midnight
Content: 

Heading: PAPERS
Content: WANTED -- to type. Secretary willing to type reports at home. Call 523-7061.
    BICYCLES FOR SALE -- 1 mens' 3-speed German-made derailleur, 28" , needs
    brakes, with new spare tire. $10.00. 1 lady's 3-speed Raleigh, 26" ex
    cellent condition, originally cost $55. Asking $35. Call collect 374-4185.

Heading: FOR SALE -- SPINET PIANO,
Content: Wanted, responsible party to take over a spinet piano. Easy terms available. Can
    be seen locally. Write Credit Manager, P.O. Box 35, Cortland, Ohio 44410.

Heading: C orsages --  Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: 

Heading: CLASS OF 71 PRESENTS
Content: 

Heading: The Rotting Stones
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: i

Heading: 'Sympathy hr the Devi!
Content: 

Heading: SATURDAY, APRIL 10 --  7 and 9 P. M.
Content: 

Heading: if
Content: 

Heading: VAUGHAN LIT AUDITORIUM
Content: 

Heading: 75c
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: EUROPE for $199.00
Content: 

Heading: JUNE 5 --  AUGUST 2 6
Content: 

Heading: ________________
Content: 

Heading: LONDON $199.
Content: 

Heading: JULY 9 --  AUGUST 2 3
Content: 

Heading: _______________
Content: 

Heading: LONDON $219
Content: 

Heading: CALL SALLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: (Open only to Bucknell Students and Educational S t a f f - Price Based on 60
    Seats)

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: I 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: ;
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: of liv in g ..............You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: !
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: Cathtrman 's m,,m
Content: 

Heading: C I U D I
Content: 

Heading: HAND DIPPED
Content: nxMUMicwsfwsnTS

Heading: Ali Mac6raw * Ryan O'Neal
Content: TktWk

Heading: Ini Mir
Content: 

Heading: k
Content: HOWARD 6 MINSKY-ARTHUR HILLER PradudOi

Heading: john Marley&Ray Milland
Content: ERICH SEGAL ARTHUR HILLER HOWARD 6.UINSW lannWMi <<MtfcMiit M COLOR QMD60LDEN
    FRANCIS LAI i << uwbuwpcmi

Heading: SPECIAL
Content: 

Heading: EASTER
Content: 

Heading: ASSORTMENTS
Content: 

Heading: AND
Content: 

Heading: GIFTS
Content: 

Heading: WE beautifully box each assortment
Content: 

Heading: and will gladly mail your order any
Content: 

Heading: where.
Content: 

Heading: OPEN 9:00 A- M. TO 9:00 P. M.
Content: 

Heading: 209 NORTH FRONT STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG,
Content: 

Heading: 523-7761
Content: 

Heading: APRIL 6, 1971
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: Om
Content: 

Heading: n il
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1971
Content: 

Heading: Poor Weather
Content: 

Heading: Lehigh Goals Defeat Laxmen
Content: 

Heading: Hurts Goiters
Content: By JEFF QUINZER The golf team's spring trip turned out to be more of a "winter
    jour ney" to quote Coach Brad Tufts. The team of eight players ran into the
    same weather problems that plagued the baseball squad on their tour. On
    March 22, the Bisons lost to Duke in their first match of the trip and two
    days later played the opening round of the Red Fox Invi tational at Tyron,
    N.C. only to have the last two days of the tourney snowed out. Despite some
    disap pointments in that first round, junior captain Mark Reddy shot a 78 on
    the relatively new and dif ficult course to place among the top twenty
    golfers. The only other returning letter- man is Junior Alan Shiffler. The
    senior-less team is the youngest and least experienced of any team in the
    past five years. The competitive experience is coming fast for freshmen
    Mickey Sinkus and George Ferrantelli who along with Reddy and sophomore Greg
    Mordas, were the team's top performers down south. Freshman Ray Douglass and
    sophs Dan Stetz and Dave Maier also made the trip. Lettermen Reddy and
    Shiffler will experience a new type of competi tion when they play in the
    first of five "medal play" matches, the rules of which are quite different
    from the typical MAC format. In the typical MAC match, seven individuals
    from each team com pete in a hole-by-hole competition. Each may win one
    point for his team by defeating the player on the opposing team who is
    matched with him according to number. The team's total strokes are not in
    volved in the final outcome, the winner is the team that wins the best of
    seven individual competi tions. In medal play however, the match is won by
    the team with the least number of team strokes. Seven in dividuals from each
    team again compete but not on a man-to-man" basis as before. Rather, an
    accurate record of each team's score is kept and the lowest five scores are
    ad ded to give a team total with the win going to the team with the lowest
    total. "I think we're better geared to that type of play," he explained. "We
    don't have the really explosive golfers that are particularly suited for the
    MAC format. We have a much more balanced team, one that would benefit a
    great deal if total strokes were counted. "In fact," he continued, ''I would
    like to see them count all seven scores rather than just the lowest five.
    "For example, last year in the

Heading: MAC
Content: Tournament, we finished third in the count of the five low scores. If they had
    counted the team total of seven, we would have been first by 10 strokes. Our
    bal anced team has very good golfers in the sixth and seventh spots. I hope
    the MAC changes its rules." The team's first match (away against Pitt),
    scheduled for last Friday, was postponed and the Bisons will now open
    against Dick inson and Juniata in a triangle meet at home on Thursday.
    Spectators are welcomed and even encouraged to attend.

Heading: Weekend Action
Content: The Big Blue baseball nine open ed their season in double trouble as they
    dropped both ends of their season doubleheader opener 1-0 and 4-2 last
    Saturday at Lehigh. Coach Thompson severely missed his ex pected potent
    offensive attack. The Tennis racketeers made it sixteen in a row as they
    downed Pitt, 9-0 in straight sets in an away match. The Lehigh Engineers
    ground out an 87-58 victory over the Bison track team last Saturday in Me
    morial Stadium. Soph Bob Smith broke his own triple jump record with a leap
    of 46' 8". Glenn Mc Laughlin and Len Dillinger were other first place
    finishers for the Big Blue. By KEN DOAK The Bison lacrosse squad dropped a
    hard-fought 7-6 decision to Lehigh Saturday, considerably diminishing BU
    chances of an MAC champion ship. The first period was all Lehigh, as the
    Herd displayed poor stickwork and usually could not clear the ball when they
    did come up with it. The Engineers drew first blood when John Bassani fired
    a shot past Bison goalie Jim Tonges. Midway through the quarter, BU evened
    things on a fast break goal by Kevin McCabe. He was set up by defenseman
    Kent Kisenbauer's long clear to Gary Germond, who as sisted with a perfect
    pass over the middle. Lehigh then dominated the re mainder of the period,
    and moved into a 3-1 lead. Kevin Stelljes and Bassani netted the scores.
    Bassani scored again early in the second period off a pass from Stell jes.
    However, Bucknell finally came to life, and Middie Curt Torrell put home a
    shot to make the score 4-2 at halftime. The Bisons took control of the game
    at the start of the second half, and an early goal by Germond off a break
    narrowed the margin. Two scores by Dan Nourse in a 3 minute span then jumped
    BU into a 5-4 lead. Assisting on the goals

Heading: IM Standings
Content: ( Not including volleyball) 1. KS ............... 350.5 2. TKE ............
    347.0 3. PKP ............ 308.0 4. LCA ........... 295.5 5. DU
    ............... 293.0 6. IND ............ 277.0 7. E ................ 241.5
    8. SPE ............ 228.5 9. C ............... 213.5 10. KDR ............
    208.5 11. A ............... 189.5 12. PGD ............ 186.0 13. SX
    ............... 177.0 14. B .................. 166.0 15. RAM ............
    155.5 16. SAE ............. 134.0 17. SAM ............ 110.5 18. TDX
    ............. 91.5 19. D .................. 84.0 20. TX ................
    67.0 were Germond and Lou Kissling, who was hampered throughout by a hip
    injury. However, a late third-period goal by Bassani knotted the score at
    5-5, and triggered a Lehigh rally. Two more scores followed in the final
    stanza, and the Engineers found themselves protecting a 7-5 lead. BU again
    began to press the at tack, but had several good attempts blocked. Finally
    Rob Worthen nett ed a long shot with only 48 seconds remaining. In the final
    moments, the Herd was all over the field, trying for the equalizer, but
    could not set up a shot as the game ended. On the positive side, the
    defense, led by Kisenbauer, could become very tough to score on when Tonges
    gains experience in the goaL And the offense has good scoring po tential if
    they avoid the poor passes. The stickmen will attempt to im prove their 1-1
    record at home Saturday when they face F&M, a 10-7 victor a year ago.

Heading: PSAMPUS
Content: ----- WHATS PLATINO? -----

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOAED
Content: 

Heading: STARTING WEDNESDAY
Content: 

Heading: ACADEMY AWARD NOMINEES
Content: 

Heading: GOLDIE
Content: 

Heading: PETER
Content: 

Heading: HAWN
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: SELLERS
Content: 

Heading: "GIRL IN MY SOUP"
Content: 

Heading: -- A  LAUGH A  MINUTE IN C O L O R -
Content: 

Heading: SHOW TIMES 7:00 --  9:00
Content: 

Heading: STARTING WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14
Content: 

Heading: ACADEMY AWARD NOMINEES
Content: 

Heading: "THE LANDLORD"
Content: 

Heading: PLUS --  PLUS --  PLUS --  PLUS
Content: 

Heading: "WOMEN IN LOVE"
Content: 

Heading: CTA.
Content: Introduction. Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is? Beginnings. Questions 67
    and 68. Listen. Poem 58. Free Form Guitar. South California Purples. I'm A
    Man. Prologue, August 29,1968. Someday (August 29,1968). Liberation.

Heading: CHICAGO II.
Content: Movin' In. The Road. Poem For The People. In The Country. Wake Up Sunshine.
    (Ballet For A Girl In Buchannon). Make Me Smile. So Much To Say, So Much To
    Give. Anxiety's Moment. West Virginia Fantasies. Colour My World. To Be
    Free. Now More Than Ever. Fancy Colours. 25 Or 6 To 4. Prelude. A.M.
    Mourning. P.M. Mourning. Memories Of Love. It Better End Soon, 1st Movement.
    2nd Movement. 3rd Movement. 4th Movement. Where Do We Go From Here.

Heading: CHICAGO III.
Content: Sing A Mean Tune Kid. Loneliness Is Just A Word. What Else Can I Say. I Don't
    Want Your Money. Travel Suite: Flight 602; Motorboat To Mars; Free; Free
    Country; At The Sunrise. Happy 'Cause I'm Going Home. Mother. Lowdown. An
    Hour In The Shower: A Hard Risin' Morning Without Breakfast; Off To Work;
    Failin' Out; Dreamin' Home; Morning Blues Again. Elegy: When All The
    Laughter Dies In Sorrow. Canon. Once Upon

Heading: A
Content: Tim e____; Progress?; The Approaching Storm; Man Vs. Man: The End.

Heading: The complete works.
Content: 

Heading: On Columbia Records* and Tapes
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXm -- NO. 40
Content: 

Heading: 'Che Buckntllian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY, LEWISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Kunstler Speaks May 4;
Content: 

Heading: Students Arrange Auction
Content: By DEAN LANDEW Defense lawyer William Kunstler will speak here in Davis Gym Tues
    day evening, May 4. Kunstler, who was forced to fore go a speaking
    engagement here last semester due to other commit ments, is being brought
    next month through the efforts of junior A1 St. Vincent. In trying to get a
    job for Kunst ler, St. Vincent came in contact with Kunstler's law center
    and ar ranged for him to come to the Uni versity. Kunstler is being
    guaranteed $1000 for the defense fund of the Harris- busg 6, but St. Vincent
    said that he hopes to get more through dona tions. In related activities,
    the Bucknell Students for Peace are holding an auction, raffle and bake sale
    tomor row in the Bison from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. According to senior Betsy
    Sandel, the day's activities should raise $1500, which will go to the
    defense fund. On sale at the auction will be a Baldwin upright piano, a
    Philco por table television, a bicycle, a 12- string guitar, furniture,
    kitchen utensils, books and records, among other things. The raffle is a
    recent develop ment, also stemming from the ef forts of the auction's
    organizers. Gifts and gift certificates totaling between $80 and $90 were
    solicited from Lewisburg businessmen and campus organizations. Included in
    the raffle will be ten gallons of gasoline from Esso, two pizzas from the
    Pizza Hutcb, ten tickets to the April 23 Beach Boys concert from the Concert
    Committee and two tickets to "The Glass Me nagerie" from the theatre depart
    ment.

Heading: Committee Releases
Content: 

Heading: 71-72 Coarse Snide
Content: The 1971-1972 Bucknell Course Guide will be available to aid stu dents in the
    preparation of their course schedules on Monday. The guide contains
    descriptions written by the faculty for the courses they plan to teach next
    year; 300-level permission courses were not in cluded. It is hoped that
    students will find these descriptions very useful as a supplement to the
    General Catalog, since they are (Continued on Page 5)

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: *Piers the Plowman'
Content: 

Heading: Four Professors Combine Talents
Content: 

Heading: To Produce Musical Adaptation
Content: By STEVE KNIGHT The highlight of the University's 125th anniversary celebration
    dur ing Spring Weekend will be the pre sentation of a three-part musical
    drama based on William Langland's The Vision of William Concerning Piers the
    Plowman. Four University faculty members have combined their talents to make
    the performance possible. The dramatic conception and text of this
    adaptation was written by Dr. John S. Wheatcroft, professor of English. The
    University's first visit ing composer-in-residence, Dr. S. Thomas
    Beversdorf, has written the musical score. Professor of music, Allen W.
    Flock, is the choral di rector and Dr. Harvey Powers, pro fessor of English,
    will be the poet- narrator. Dr. Wheatcroft notes that, "If it is possible
    for Langland to recon ceive the traditional story of Christ in fourteenth-
    century terms, to por tray Christ's passion as a chivalric pageant, perhaps
    it is also possible for us, no less urgent for redemp tion in our own
    country, to share Langland's vision." Numerous passages from this late
    medieval mystery play have been intentionally deleted or restructured in
    order to transform the narrative into a more coherent dramatic cycle. Seven
    soloists, a small chorus, four ballet dancers, and a small orchestra are
    required to perform the "Vision of Christ" interpreta tion, and have been
    selected from both University and off-campus organizations. Dr. Beversdorf
    mentions that* "The score embodies concepts de rived from the music of the
    middle ages, even to the extent of project ing modern equivalents of med
    ieval instrumental consorts into the (Continued on Page 5) J r f

Heading: I f f
Content: K :

Heading: Functions Through Three Organs
Content: 

Heading: Multi-faceted SIS Provides Aid
Content: 

Heading: !!!SI
Content: 

Heading: l l l i
Content: By GINA SMITH Drug, draft, pregnancy, and abortion counseling comprise only part
    of the assistance offered by the Student Information Service. Conceived of
    last spring as "an attempt to bring underground ser vices above ground,"
    S.I.S. now functions through three main or gans: Hotline, an information
    center in the Bison, and a contact counsel ing agency. Jack Blyskal, S.I.S.
    coordinator, reviews the growth of the organiza tion: "A series of films and
    drug information reviewing sessions last spring laid the groundwork for
    S.I.S. By last September, the need

Heading: Kenyon Unveils Past
Content: 

Heading: In Archaeology Talk
Content: * One of the world's leading archae ologists will deliver the third Charles M.
    Bond Lecture Monday, April 12. Dr. Kathleen Kenyon of the British School of
    Archaeology in London, the international authority of Biblical archaeology,
    will give her first description in person in America of her recent
    excavation of Jerusalem. Her lecture, "Digging Up the Holy City," is open to
    the public and will begin at 8 p.m. in Room 102A Coleman Hall. Miss Kenyon,
    who will appear later in the week at the University of Mississippi, is
    expected to de l i scribe work on Israelite and New If Testament Jerusalem
    and tell what archaeology has to say about a number of features which have
    always puzzled Bible students. These are likely to include a de scription of
    what the "gutter" through which Jacob climbed to capture the city of David
    most probably was; what "Millo," which the Israelite kings had constantly to
    rebuild and repair, may have been; details of the appearance of Solomon's
    Jerusalem; and whether or not the Holy Sepulchre is on a (Continued on Page
    5) was realized for one main organi zation including a number of ser vices."
    The Lewisburg pregnancy clinic opened in November, and Hotline began
    operating in early December. The Bison center, which opened in February, now
    compiles and dis perses information. "Our major task was to organize and
    update our information," states Blyskal. "In addition to drug, draft, and
    abortion facts, the center's re sources now include airline sche dules,
    maps, the University calen dar and cookbooks." Providing information when
    it's hard to get as well as serving as a rumor control center, the backroom
    Bison center is open from 6 p.m. to 8 a.m. with telephone number 1346.
    Freshman Elaine Silver heads the center. Using this pool of information, but
    specializing in "crisis intervention," is Hotline. Open from 8 p.m. to 6
    a.m. and occasionally in the after noons, the Hotline number is 1515.
    Twenty-two "para-professional" student volunteers man the phones. Two
    volunteers, a male and a fe male, are available throughout each night. Both
    the volunteer and the caller remain anonymous. Jon Silver, Hotline
    coordinator, recalls, "At first, there were a large number of joke calls.
    However, we treated them seriously: many of the trick calls could have been
    in dividuals testing out Hotline to see if it could be trusted." During
    February, an average of 4.3 calls were received each night. This peak is
    attributed to questions concerning registration, the Chicage concert, and
    the February eclipse. As spring break approached, the average number dropped
    to 2.5 calls per night. Hotline volunteers undergo a training period lasting
    from two weeks to two months, depending on how much time is given. Included
    are presentations by professionals, discussions, experience in role play,
    selected readings, and familiariza tion with phone techniques. A final
    examination, conducted by a student and a professional, completes the
    "course." Chuck Confer, a local minister, gives ex perienced advice to the
    volunteers. 5.1.5. contact counseling service deals with Hotline phone
    problems requiring special aid on a person-to- person basis. Karen
    Farnsworth, co ordinator of this service, stresses that these individuals
    are merely a lot of experienced people who listen and occasionally point out
    alterna tives. "None of us is a professional," she explains. "Although we're
    backed by professionals, we recog nize the fact that we're amateurs. We've
    compiled a list of referral sources to help deal with problems beyond our
    capabilities." 5.1.5. is an ABS-funded organi zation. An eight-man advisory
    board includes Blyskal, Silver, Miss Silver, Miss Farnsworth, and four
    "profes sionals:" Thomas Risch, Dean of Men; Chaplain James Gardner; Carl
    Pepperman, education profes sor; and Leonard Smolen, associate (Continued on
    Page 5) Dr. Thomas S. Beaversdorf, composer-in-residence, discusses the
    music to 'The Vision of William Concerning Piers the Plowman' with Dr. John
    Wheatcroft, who wrote the words to the opera.

Heading: ABS Recommends Trustees
Content: 

Heading: Change Meetings to Campus
Content: By ROBIN BITTERLICH Recognizing "the importance of the Board of Trustees being
    in close contact with the activities and con cerns of the campus to enable
    them to more effectively and knowledg- ably discharge their legal responsi
    bilities," the Association of Bucknell Students this week passed Chuck
    Resnick's motion requesting a change in the Board's meeting fre quency and
    location. The ABS recommends that the number of meetings be increased

Heading: Residence Staff Names
Content: 

Heading: Next Year's Counselors
Content: By SUSAN PRESTON Both the offices of University Residence Halls and of Freshman
    Residence Programs have announc ed their counseling staff for the coming
    year. A new criteria was used in select ing both resident assistants and
    junior counselors for women in that both junior and senior women were
    considered for both positions. Until this year only junior women could be
    counselors and only senior wo men resident assistants. Due to the intensive
    training pro gram in which each counselor must participate, an increased
    program in planning this spring. It is hoped that this move will lessen the
    time the counselors will have to be here in late August before the student
    body arrives. The men on the resident assistant staff including: Geoffrey
    Blood, Michael Daves, Ralph DelCoro, Richard Dittenhafer, John Furman,
    Arthur Helmstetter, Richard Hopf, and John Larner. Also included are Glenn
    Mars, Stephen Moore, Tarras Onischenko, James S. Segal, David Shaffer,
    Ronald Sheibley, Byran Snapp, Peter Stover, William Vladuchick, and Edward
    Woehling. The women resident assistants are Marie Burak, Edith Ditchey,
    Heather Entrekin, Constance Evans, Sharon Gavin, June Heistand, Kath erine
    Kellogg, Trisha Kono, Marga ret Yathlaen, Teri Lippenberger, Katherine Lyon,
    and Rosamond Mason. Ellen McVeigh, Barbara Moudy, Karen Norton, Madeline
    Pospur, Donna Richards, Margaret Smalser, Kay Smith, Nancy Thomas, Lorr aine
    Vought, and Beth Ann Wright (Continued on Page 5) from two to three ana that
    at least two of these meetings he held at the University. In addition, it is
    requested that the ABS Steering Committee be invited to attend all the
    meetings of the Board. Secondly, the ABS issued a state ment endorsing both
    the Bucknell Students for Peace's Anti-War Teach-In on April 16-17, and the
    April 24 March on Washington. It was stated: "The ABS supports the efforts
    of the Student Mobiliza tion Committee and the National Peace Coalition and
    encourages members of the University com munity to support their efforts to
    prove that the nation is truly de termined to end the war now in a legal and
    peaceful manner." On the national level, ABS voted to support the Kennedy-
    Javits Bill calling for a Cancer Program. The Bill authorizes Congress to
    appropri ate 400 million dollars for cancer research (170 million more than
    the present budget) and a continuing increase until the budget of one
    billion dollars is allocated in 1976. Secondly, the Bill calls for a
    National Cancer Authority to co ordinate research programs aimed at the
    conquest of cancer. The ABS also submitted a request to the faculty
    committee on sab batical leaves to limit departments of ten members or less
    to having, no more than one faculty member on sabbatical leave at any one
    time. Finally, it was passed that the People's Peace Treaty will be sent to
    the Board of Trustees to be put on the agenda for the next meeting, which
    will be held at Commence ment.

Heading: Spotlight!
Content: 

Heading: ' Community' Ratification o f Peace Treaty
Content: 

Heading: On Wednesday, March 31, the ABS voted to in
Content: 

Heading: itiate a referendum in which "all members of the Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity Community, as individuals" will be given the
Content: 

Heading: opportunity to express their personal convictions to
Content: 

Heading: wards peace in Southeast Asia by voting, if those con
Content: 

Heading: victions are strong enough, to ratify the People's Peace
Content: 

Heading: Treaty.
Content: 

Heading: The Treaty itself is a direct result of the inability
Content: 

Heading: of the governmental systems involved in the Indochinese
Content: 

Heading: War to resolve the impasse which has effectively block
Content: 

Heading: ed peace, and the consequent realization by the people
Content: 

Heading: under those systems that massive mobilization of public
Content: 

Heading: pressure is necessary to bring about peace. While parts
Content: 

Heading: of the Treaty pledge an attempt to "insure its accept
Content: 

Heading: ance by the government of the United States," it must
Content: 

Heading: be realized that the Treaty is essentially extra-govern
Content: 

Heading: mental and, hopefully, apolitical. It is not a petition, it
Content: 

Heading: is a treaty of peace. The idea, then, is to allow for com-
Content: 

Heading: prehensive grass-roots support for the Treaty.
Content: 

Heading: Towards this end, the ABS initiated its referendum
Content: 

Heading: for the "community." The fact that the referendum is
Content: 

Heading: supposed to be community-wide, however, presents some
Content: 

Heading: serious problems.
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: Exactly what constitutes the University Com
Content: 

Heading: munity? According to the Cooper Report, the Com
Content: 

Heading: munity includes not only the student body and the fac
Content: 

Heading: ulty, but also the administration, the physical plant,
Content: 

Heading: the librarians, the departmental secretaries and the
Content: 

Heading: administrative help. In apparent contradiction, how
Content: 

Heading: ever, only the students (through a ballot-box vote) and
Content: 

Heading: the faculty and administration (htrough a mail vote)
Content: 

Heading: will be given the opportunity to vote in the referendum.
Content: 

Heading: This is unfortunate, for this action not only severely
Content: 

Heading: negates what progress has been made towards the ac
Content: 

Heading: ceptance of the concept of Community, but also denies
Content: 

Heading: those not allowed to vote the opportunity to express
Content: 

Heading: their convictions, \thereby effectively disenfranchising
Content: 

Heading: them.
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: Also, consideration must be given to how the re
Content: 

Heading: sults of the referendum will be used. Apparently, the
Content: 

Heading: National Student Association, in its drive for endorse
Content: 

Heading: ment of the Treaty and the principles on which it stands,
Content: 

Heading: would use the name " The Bucknell University Com
Content: 

Heading: munity" in many of its media advertisements (provid
Content: 

Heading: ing, of course, that
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: majority of those voting do en
Content: 

Heading: dorse it). So not only would the ABS be disenfranchis
Content: 

Heading: ing a segment of the Community, it would also be mis
Content: 

Heading: leading the public, the principals in the Treaty, and it
Content: 

Heading: self into believing that the TRUE Community had rati
Content: 

Heading: fied it.
Content: 

Heading: While this situation is regrettable, steps might be
Content: 

Heading: taken to rectify it, and any endorsement of the Treaty
Content: 

Heading: should not be nullified on this ground alone. For in
Content: 

Heading: stance, the ABS could ask the NSA to qualify its defini
Content: 

Heading: tion of the Community.
Content: 

Heading: Ideally, however, the ABS would speedily modify
Content: 

Heading: its voting procedures and allow for the enfranchise
Content: 

Heading: ment of the entire Community consistent with its own
Content: 

Heading: definition of that body, and make the hoped-for Com
Content: 

Heading: munity endorsement more truthful publicly and more
Content: 

Heading: forceful privately.
Content: 

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: Apathy
Content: To the Editor: Last Thursday evening, as part of The Third World Program, Dr. C.
    Kenneth Snyder of the U.S. State Department, spoke in Coleman Hall theatre
    on " Socialism in East Africa." Including visiting

Heading: FAS
Content: guests, thirty-two white students and three members of the faculty attended.
    There were no black stu dents. Dr. Snyder, a Cornell Ph. D. in Government,
    has spent five years in South Africa and three years in East Africa, with an
    additional tour of duty in Iraq. Partly because of the opportunities and
    demands of his position with the U.S. Informa tion Service and with the
    Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs and, partly because he is an ex
    tremely able, highly motivated in dividual, Dr. Snyder has acquired an
    encyclopedic knowledge of these areas of Africa. Attendance at the three
    panels in which he participated was about the same: from one to six black
    stu dents - usually the same conscien tious few - and there were s be teen
    to twenty-two white students and zero to one faculty member. . . Although I
    found this a shocking and embarrassing experience, it has been a useful one
    and one I will keep in mind. I will keep it in mind when I am asked to talk
    busy people into giving up four days of their time, to prepare speeches and
    statements, and to deliver them to largely non-existent audi ences. And I
    will certainly keep it in mind when I listen to the earnest, fraudulent
    demands of students and faculty members for greater " rele vance"  for
    contact with " the real world,"  and for Bucknell to fund black studies and
    related programs. The greening of America seems already upon us. Here it is
    taking the form of intellectual mildew. Sincerely, J. Charles Jones, Acting
    Chairman Department of Education

Heading: Calley as Hero
Content: To the Editor: I am not prepared, nor am I qualified, to judge what should be
    the penalty for Lt. Calley. True, he is a scapegoat and a victim of an
    unjust and inhumane (aren't they all?) war, but a man is responsible for his
    own actions. The " I was only following orders"  excuse for murder does not
    hold--it's been tried before. Can Calley be serious when he says he murdered
    women and child ren because the Army failed to in form him that the " enemy"
    was human? Can the Army pervert a man's judgement to this extent? An even
    more perverted transfor mation is that of Lt. Calley from murderer to hero.
    He is being treat ed like a hero wherever he goes. I understand that the
    record, " Battle m m v . Hymn for Lt. Calley,"  is that par ticular
    company's fastest seller since "Harper Valley P.T.A." It seems that the
    American People

Heading: mmmmmmmmmmim
Content: are fond of having war heroes to honor; e.g. Sgt. York, e.g. Audie Murphy, etc.
    Since the Vietnamese conflict doesn't lend itself to heroes By STEVE SHEDD
    The March 19 issue of The Skiff, Texas Christian University's newspaper
    revealed that Gloria Steinem, a free-lance writer for McCall's and many
    other magazines as well as a contributing editor to New York Magazine had
    delivered a speech to an equal in numbers male and female audience on the
    topic of Women's Liber ation. At the reception following the lecture Dean
    Robert E. Neeb was quoted as saying that Miss Steinem " was doing very well
    con sidering she was leaving town."  Miss Steinem in her speech said that "
    a women's ability to bear children was envied by men until the discovery of
    paternity;"  also " The suffering of women and blacks isn't the same but the
    myths are similar. All of us who aren't white males are marked." Lafayetts
    College's April 2 issue of Lafayette reported on Dr. Morris Abrams's (former
    President of Brandeis University) talk there on March 30. Di- Abrams's talk
    was delivered on the topic of " Who Reforms What In The University?"  The
    former President of Brandeis University described the goal of the University
    as an attempt " to transmit past knowledge to future generations and to
    stand on the frontier of new knowledge." Abrams quoted Anna Freud in terming
    the current student rebellion " one of feelings and not celebration. You are
    projecting your inner turmoils on the institutions of the outside world."
    He concluded saying " I do not doubt that the young people of today possess
    a sensitivity unlike that of any group of students before them. " Ours today
    have the same flaws of development as, others before, but they are good, and
    they intend well. Perhaps \it is the duty of the wise to listen to some of
    the complaints of the good." David Dellinger, a co-defendesnt in the Chicago
    Conspiracy trial, discussed American involvement *dn IndoChina, the
    distinction be tween force and violence, and F.E(.I. infiltration of leftist
    forces as reported by Lehigh's Brown and White March 30 issue. Dellinger
    said that the Laotian disaster "exposed America as a pitiless human giant."
    He called for people to indict President Johnson, General Westmoreland,
    General Abrams and President Nixon if Lieutenant Calley was found guilty.
    \Dellinger threatened at the close of his speech that " the time has dome
    that if government does not stop the war, then we must stop file
    government." and honor, Calley fills the bill better than anyone produced
    thus far. You could sort of call him Ameri ca's " new breed"  of hero. The
    Army had no choice but to find Calley guilty. By doing this, it was the only
    way they could make Calley's actions look like any thing but policy. There
    is a thin line, if any, between My Lai -- Hanoi -- Nagasaki. But by finding
    Calley guilty, they are also finding themselves guilty. The guilt lies with
    Calley and with the Adminis tration. It cannot he removed from either. Wayne
    Aring perhaps the words of one small lowly hassled mouse may not carry
    weight with the heavy-footed humans of bucknell however the time comes for
    every mouse to squeak up and so-- from his lower viewpoint sam has noticed
    one of the traditional " scents of spring" that hails this fertile season,
    he has also happened to see numerous humans briskly raking, digging, and
    seeding away trying to grow (pardon the expression) grass. others of that
    same species (Homo sapiens) in numbers greater than those of the planters
    are gayly trampling over these odiforous promises of lawn, mashing down
    defenseless seeds, tracking nature's perfume into dorms & generally screwing
    the whole deal.

Heading: Editorial Board
Content: 

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN
Content: Editorial Board is currently looking for new opinions and ideas. All interested
    members of the academic com munity are invited to attend a meet ing of the
    Board on Monday or Fri day at 4:00 in Hunt Formal Living Room and see what
    it's all about.

Heading: Treaty
Content: Don't forget the ABS Referendum on the People's Peace Treaty when you vote
    Tuesday. Please read your copy of the treaty carefully before voting.

Heading: V
Content: 

Heading: 1&1je J&istkiteliian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member of
    Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription, <<!00. payable in advance.
    Entered as second class matter on September 21 a 1922, at the post office at
    Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879. \

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT -- Editor-M-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES MUSSMAN
Content: Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: SCOTT GEBHARDT
Content: National Adv. Manager

Heading: STEVE BECKER
Content: 

Heading: DOUG BROWN
Content: 

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: 

Heading: JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: Circulation Manager Subscriptions Manager

Heading: DAVE STEIN
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: EDITORIAL BOARD
Content: 

Heading: DEAN LANDEW
Content: 

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: Office: Focht Printing Co., 229 Market Street, 523-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts.
    524-1221

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: Dear Editor: The ABS has asked students to ratify the People's Peace Treaty in a
    referendum to be held during the ABS elections. I think we should all take a
    closer look at just what the treaty says and what it fails to say in its
    nine points. " 1) The Americans agree to im mediate and total withdrawal
    from Vietnam and publicly to set the date by which all American Forces will
    be removed."  (Nowhere does this treaty mention the withdrawal of North
    Vietnamese troops from South Vietnam.) " The Vietnamese pledge that as soon
    as the U.S. Government pub licly sets a date for total with drawal; "2) They
    will enter discussions to secure the release of all American prisioners,
    including pilots captured while bombing North Vietnam." (The 16 students who
    " negotiated" this treaty have stated that the American POW's are murderers
    # and should be left to die in Hanoi's prisons, and there is nothing to
    suggest that these discussions will be more fruitful than the Paris peace
    talks or the peace talks in Korea which have gone on for 20 years.) " 3)
    There will be an immediate cease-fire between U.S. forces and those led by
    the Provisional Govern ment of South Vietnam." (The North Vietnamese have
    never ob served any previous cease-fires and it isn't likely they will now.)
    , " 4) They will enter discussions of the procedures to guarantee the safety
    of all withdrawing troops." (But no provision is made for with drawing
    troops after discussions begin. In Korea two-thirds of the U.S. casualties
    ocurred after the truce talks began.) " 5) The Americans pledge to end the
    imposition of Thieu-Ky-Khiem on the people of South Vietnam in order to
    insure their1 right to self-de termination and so that all political
    prisoners can be released."  (This gives the United States the right to
    APRIL 9, 1971 overthrow South Vietnam's elected

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: PAUL PAYACK
Content: Literary Editor

Heading: TOM NOVTNGER
Content: News Assistant

Heading: DAVID WEINBERGER
Content: 

Heading: STEVE WYATT
Content: government. Somehow this act of foreign aggression will insure the South
    Vietnamese the right to self- determination. Again there is no promise to
    release prisoners held by the Viet Cong and the North Vietnamese.) " 6) The
    Vietnamese pledge to form a provisional coalition govern ment to organize
    democratic elec tions."  (There is no guarantee here or anywhere else that
    elections will ever be held to replace this " pro visional puppet
    government.) " 7) The South Vietnamese pledge to enter discussion of
    procedures to guarantee the safety and political freedom of those South
    Vietnamese who have collaborated with the U. S. or with the U.S. supported
    re gime." (It is implied that while discussions are in progress, current
    Viet Cong policy will be in effect, which is to assassinate all civilian
    oppositions as was done at Hue, Dak Son, Thanh My, Tam Bang, Thanh, Cai Son,
    etc.) "8) The Americans and Vietna mese agree to respect the inde pendence,
    peace, and neutrality of Laos and Cambodia in accord with the 1954 and 1962
    Geneva Con ventions and not to interfere in the internal affairs of these
    two coun tries."  (At the present time there are 50,000 North Vietnamese
    troops in Laos. These troops are not of ficially recognized by North Viet
    nam and would not be affected by this treaty.) " 9) Upon these points of
    agree ment, we pledge to end the war and resolve all other questions in the
    ^ spirit of self-determination and mu tual respect for the independence and
    political freedom of the people of Vietnam and the United States." (The
    treaty has done nothing to stop bloodshed in South Vietnam, and " in the
    spirit of self determination" the treaty has empowered North Vietnam to set
    up a puppet govern ment over that same country.) Again I urge all students
    to take a good look at this treaty before approving it. Lee A. Powell 1pii

Heading: Reviewer Rates 'Girl In My Soup', Weekend Films
Content: By DAN MARTIN This weekend's feature presenta tion at Lewisburg's Campus Theater
    is There's A Girl In My Soup, starr ing Peter Sellers and Goldie Hawn. The
    film portrays a series of comi cal sequences, in which Sellers, a world
    famous gourmet and televis ion personality finds himself falling in love
    with, loving, and losing the zany and carefree Miss Hawn. While not an
    unpleasant film, and often quite amusing, There's A Girl In My Soup
    unfortunately falls short of a totally successful comedy. The main
    characters are too shallow, too stereotyped, and too over-acted. Perhaps
    this is the fault of the script, since the stage play, Lon don's longest
    running comedy, PINNED: Barbara Carey, KKG '73 to Roy Succa, SX '72 iLehigh
    University). Sue Veerling, DZ '72 to Jim Sny der, TDX '71. As Spring
    blossoms into full bloom and Summer approaches, the season of young love is
    at hand. It would seem, according to centuries of romance, that this is the
    time when vows are spoken and pledges of life-long love are professed. For
    some reason, however, young lovers at our University are breaking the sacred
    heritage of romance, and " Private Eye"  must raise its voice in protest. We
    submit to the mem bers of our community our humble request that love not die
    in Lowisburg and that lovers every where profess their everlasting devotion
    and send the announce ment of subsequent pinnings, en gagements, or weddings
    to the heartbroken " Private Eye," Box B-697. seems equally faulty. Hawn and
    Sellers Nevertheless, as Arthur Knight points out in Saturday Review, Goldie
    Hawn " seems as vulnerable as a Sherman tank and as naive as Spiro Agnew,
    while her inflec tions are as flat as her chest."  As for Sellers, he
    observes that " cast as a television personality with an insatiable letch,
    he primps, smirks, and rolls his heavy-lidded eyes se ductively in shot
    after shot, as if convinced that his own delight in being Sellers were
    something that the entire world would automatical ly share." * * # La Guerre
    Est Finie (1966), a film by Alain Resnais, will be pre sented at Hilltop
    tonight at 8:30 p.m. in Vaughan Lit. Auditorium. Yves Montand is the star of
    the .film, portraying a professional re volutionary Spaniard, a remnant of
    the Spanish underground thirty years after Franco. Living in France, Diego
    'Montand) continues to go back and forth between the two countries, always
    one jump ahead of the police, carrying on revolutionary activities which he
    realizes are useless. For Diego, " continued ardent de dication to the cause
    is a form of self-preservation and potential en- balmment." In and out of
    Spain a new generation of revolutionaries has taken up the struggle and
    alter ed its nature, and to them, the older group, with its pamphlets con
    cealed in car doors and harried crossings of the border with plans for deeds
    repeatedly postponed or exposed, are irrelevant. Diego is a stoical, Camus-
    like figure, committed without hope to a good that cannot be achieved, and
    Montand make's the role an unfor gettable one. The cast also includes Ingrid
    Thulin, Diego's aging, loyal mistress, and Genevieve Bujold, a young
    revolutionary determined to make love to the old Diego, who should have
    grown tired with his increasing age, but failed to do so. Compendium of
    Virtues Brendan Gill writes that " al though Alain Resnais' La Guerre Est
    Finie is not a great movie, or even, from the point of view of the causal
    moviegoer, particularly en tertaining, it is a compendium of the virtues of
    one of the greatest ot our contemporary directors..." Sharing incomparable
    technical fi- ness with Resnais' Last Year at Marienbad, Hiroshima, Mon
    Amour, and Muriel, it avoids their bravado and presents us with a much less
    provocative subject, portrayed in a rather old-fashionedly novelistic
    manner, carrying us through one well-composed scene to another and playing
    but a few subdued tricks with time and place. Love Story will continue this
    weekend at Sunbury's Strand Thea ter. Saturday night, at 7:00 and 9:00 p m.
    in Vaughan Literature Audi torium, Jean Luc Gordard's Sym phony for the
    Devil will be pre sented. The film begins with a highly sensual Mick Jagger
    record-

Heading: 2sea>>eeosiM iPSfi<<sccfic<<s>>
Content: 

Heading: Student
Content: ing the title song with the Rolling Stones, and proceeds to offer a variety of
    interludes which keep re turning, in a sort of rondo form, to the recording
    sessions. The interludes which are pre sented include scenes in which black
    men caress and murder white girls, a sequence in which the camera pans
    slowly over lurid mag azines in a pornographic bookshop that is run in a
    militaristic manner, and two mini-skirted black chicks interviewing a black
    militant. In another scene, the revolution ary material of LeRoi Jones, Eld-
    ridge Cleaver, and other black mili tants is read in a London auto mobile
    graveyard populated by armed and arming blacks. Penelope Gilliatt in the New
    Yorker writes that Sympathy for the Devil " is a wryly sophisticated film."
    Woven into the soundtrack are readings from a ridiculous pulp- fiction book
    that combines the cliches of pornography and James Bond slave-girl stuff
    with the star zames of politics and public life. 'A Song of Revolution'
    Vincent Canby describes the film as " a movie experience of major importance
    . . . beautifully and carefully composed, a kind of testa ment to Godard's
    very original, creative impulse which is under minded by the world he would
    an nihilate." Joseph Morgenstem has called Sympathy for the Devil " a song
    of revolution unlike any that's ever been sung. . ."

Heading: Camp Counselors
Content: Applications for Freshman Camp Counselors are now available at the C.A. Office,
    in the Botany Building. Those desiring to apply should pick up a form as
    soon as possible and return it no later than April 15.

Heading: Auction
Content: 

Heading: -SATURDAY, APRIL
Content: 

Heading: 10
Content: 

Heading: , In the BISON-
Content: 

Heading: 10:00 a.m. 'til 5:00 p:m:
Content: 

Heading: THESE AND MANY MORE ITEMS FOR SALE
Content: 

Heading: Officer
Content: 

Heading: Program
Content: 

Heading: BUCK'S SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: 24--hour Towing
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1132
Content: 

Heading: Active Duty Pay
Content: 

Heading: while you're a senior at college.
Content: 

Heading: Women's Army Corps
Content: 

Heading: Pittsburgh, Pa. 15222
Content: 

Heading: lOOO Liberty Avenue
Content: 

Heading: 412-644-5866
Content: 

Heading: i <<>>>>ossssseeeeesoeeseos
Content: 

Heading: Baldwin upright piano, 12-string Guitar, Bicycle,
Content: 

Heading: World Book Encyclopedia, Andrew Wyeth Prints,
Content: 

Heading: Furniture, Books, Records, Polaroid Camera, Kit
Content: 

Heading: chen Utensils, Posters. . . .
Content: 

Heading: PROCEEDS WILL GO TO THE HARRISBURG
Content: 

Heading: DEFENCE FUND.
Content: * --*--*--* *--* * * * *  * w w w w i w w i r a r i r w >> >> >> >> >> >> >> -
    >> >> --

Heading: Vote Tuesday, April 13th
Content: 

Heading: A B S  A T  L A R G E  C A N D ID A T E S
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: 1.
Content: 

Heading: Debbie Ahlstedt
Content: 

Heading: 2.
Content: 

Heading: Steve Boudakian
Content: 

Heading: 3.
Content: 

Heading: Lou Bucceri
Content: 

Heading: 4.
Content: 

Heading: Norb Church
Content: 

Heading: 5.
Content: 

Heading: Len Clayton
Content: 

Heading: 6.
Content: 

Heading: Mark Currie
Content: 

Heading: 7.
Content: 

Heading: Ed Feibel
Content: 

Heading: 13.
Content: 

Heading: Rich Levine
Content: 

Heading: 8.
Content: 

Heading: Gary Firestone
Content: 

Heading: 14.
Content: 

Heading: Ben Nelson
Content: 

Heading: 9.
Content: 

Heading: Suzie Grant
Content: 

Heading: 15.
Content: 

Heading: Marc Powers
Content: 

Heading: 10.
Content: 

Heading: Janice Havey
Content: 

Heading: 16.
Content: 

Heading: Janet Russo
Content: 

Heading: 11.
Content: 

Heading: Pete Holmes
Content: 

Heading: 17.
Content: 

Heading: Dave Stacey
Content: 

Heading: 12.
Content: 

Heading: Reid Kahn
Content: 

Heading: 18.
Content: 

Heading: Dave Stein
Content: 

Heading: !g!P
Content: 

Heading: life
Content: 

Heading: f t
Content: 

Heading: IfR
Content: 

Heading: u
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: PRESIDENT
Content: 

Heading: z i
Content: 

Heading: f t
Content: 

Heading: SS
Content: 

Heading: Don Dickson
Content: 

Heading: Jack Hart
Content: 

Heading: C L A S S  O F s7 2
Content: 

Heading: VICE PRESIDENT
Content: 

Heading: Mke Scheinberg
Content: 

Heading: Vince Shook
Content: 

Heading: PRESIDENT
Content: 

Heading: Ellen Carter
Content: 

Heading: Keith Coughey
Content: 

Heading: Rick Edwards
Content: 

Heading: Joel Flachs
Content: 

Heading: Neil Hendershot
Content: 

Heading: PRESIDENT
Content: 

Heading: Ralph Resnick
Content: 

Heading: Sey Shindler
Content: 

Heading: Steve Valenti
Content: 

Heading: Tom Wells
Content: 

Heading: C L A S S  OF
Content: 

Heading: VICE PRESIDENT
Content: 

Heading: Dave Boyer
Content: 

Heading: Steve Dykstra
Content: 

Heading: Ron Edwards
Content: 

Heading: Andy Lesser
Content: 

Heading: Chris Martens
Content: 

Heading: C L A S S  O F
Content: 

Heading: VICE PRESIDENT
Content: 

Heading: Jim Nevels
Content: 

Heading: Andrea Tilbian
Content: 

Heading: Clair Wheeler
Content: 

Heading: '7 3
Content: 

Heading: SECRETARY-TREASURER
Content: 

Heading: Patti DiNatale
Content: 

Heading: Pam Schwartz
Content: 

Heading: SECRETARY - TREASURER
Content: 

Heading: Frank Kirkland
Content: 

Heading: 7 4
Content: 

Heading: SECRETARY - TREASURER
Content: 

Heading: Doug McCord
Content: 

Heading: Carol Wolf
Content: 

Heading: ALL STUDENTS VOTE IN THEIR OWN LIVING UNITS: Kress, New Dorm. Larison, Harris, Roberts, Hunt and Cottage
Content: 

Heading: VOTE 1:00 -- 3:00 P.M. OR 5:00 -- 7:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: SWARTZ: VOTE AT DINNER IN THE DINING ROOM
Content: 

Heading: UNIVERSITY HOUSE-- VOTE AT LARISON LOBBY 1:00 -- 3:00 P.M. OR 3:00 -- 5:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: OFF - CAMPUS DWELLERS VOTE AT LIBRARY 9:00-- 12:00 A.M.
Content: 

Heading: OR
Content: 

Heading: 1:00--3:00
Content: 

Heading: P.M.
Content: 

Heading: DU, TKE, TC, SPE, SC, KDR, PGD--VOTE AT LUNCH
Content: 

Heading: PKP, LCA, KS, SAM, SAE, TDC VOTE AT DINNER
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: DU, TKE, TC, SPE, SC, KDR, PGD-- VOTE AT LUNCH
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: i f e l E E
Content: #HE<< # i

Heading: District Conservationist Speaks
Content: 

Heading: Jaquish Comments on Ecological Problems
Content: By KARL BLAKE Orin Jaquish, District Conserva tionist for the U.S. Soil Conserva
    tion Service in Union County, is well known to many students for the
    assistance he provided in organ izing the community work project for last
    year's Earth Day, and for the continuing encouragement he has given to
    students concerned with the environment. In the fol lowing interview he
    discusses his work as District Conservationist and the activities of other
    local groups with which he has worked. * * * BUCKNELL1AN: What are your main
    concerns and activities as dis trict conservationist? JAQUISH: We provide
    factual in formation to all those who need it, but of course we have no
    enforce ment powers. We help farmers de velop conservation plans to mini
    mize soil erosion and stream pol-

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: pregnancies up to 12 weeks
Content: 

Heading: terminated from
Content: 

Heading: $175.00
Content: 

Heading: Medication, Lab Tests, Doc
Content: 

Heading: tors fees included. Hospital &
Content: 

Heading: Hospital affiliated clinics.
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 7-8803
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours - 7 days
Content: 

Heading: PHYSICIANS REFERRAL
Content: We know we can help you, even if it's just to talk to someone.

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 524-0744
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: lution. We help developers decide whether the soil on a given lot makes it
    suitable for development. We provide soils information to the county
    planning commission and to the townships, in the hope that they will use it
    when making zoning ordinances. We also are now developing a model ordinance
    which will assist townships in drawing up their own ordinances on erosion
    and siltation to prevent developers who are putt ing in a big structure such
    as a school or a shopping center from opening up the ground, taking off the
    vegetation and carelessly caus ing erosion. As it is now, developers don't
    care about this because the tax payers are the ones who have to pay for
    dredging the streams. As a result this county is responsible, among others,
    for the dredging operations which must be carried on continuously in
    Chesapeake Bay to keep ship channels open. We helped the county planning
    commission find the most suitable site for a new sanitary landfill, to
    replace the present very bad one in Lewisburg. It's difficult to find a site
    with just the right soil for a landfill. I mildly recommend by-

Heading: A professional
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T I O N
Content: 

Heading: that is safe, legal &
Content: 

Heading: inexpensive
Content: 

Heading: can be set up on an
Content: 

Heading: outpatient basis by calling
Content: 

Heading: The Problem Pregnancy
Content: 

Heading: Referral Service
Content: 

Heading: 215-722-5360
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours--7 days
Content: 

Heading: for professional, confidential
Content: 

Heading: and caring help
Content: passing the landfills and going into the recycling of everything. I would say
    that some day we will be re cycling everything, turning our waste products
    into reusable pro ducts. Paper, glass and metals can all be recycled of
    course. Organic wastes can also be re cycled, though it's rather expensive.
    I've seen a big recycling plant at Altoona which grinds up organic waste,
    heats it to kill pathogenic bacteria, and produces a product that looks like
    brown rice for which they can get twenty dollars a ton as " filler" for
    fertilizer. B: What are some of the other environmental problems of this
    area? J: One big problem is pollution of streams because of inadequate
    sewage facilities and to a lesser extent from farms. Wherever there is
    livestock some amount of animal waste runoff into streams is inevit able,
    but this is becoming less ac ceptable. The Pennsylvania Clean Streams Law
    passed last year is making it necessary for farmers to install tanks which
    can hold huge quanti ties of animal waste for up to 120 days, so that they
    do not have to spread it on the ground under con- | ditions, such as snow -
    covered | ground or damp ground, which will j cause it to run off into
    nearby ! streams. Another problem is that too many ; people, instead of
    paying a garbage I collector to collect their trash, take it out in the
    country and dump it along the roads. A third problem is apathy. A lot of
    people do a lot of talking about conservation but don't do anything about
    it. If they're serious they should attend meetings of open groups like the
    Union County Soil and Water Conservation District to find out what they can
    do. It doesn't take any technical expertise to help clean up a creek,
    removing dead logs and derbis so the creek can run freely. B: What other
    groups are active in conservation in this area? J: The Union County Soil and
    Water Conservation District pro vides information to the public, as we do,
    and also tries to correct im portant problems. For example, it successfully
    urged Mifflinburg to correct some serious inadequacies in its sewage system.
    It also helped establish the Buffalo Creek Water shed Association. The
    watershed association seeks to promote conservation and other wise improve
    the standard of liv ing of people in that watershed. If necessary, they will
    even try to attract industry to the area to bring jobs. They encourage
    people with inadequate housing to contact those agencies which can help them
    get better housing. They also have con tacted the Department of Trans
    portation to request copies of the corridor study of a new highway going
    through their area, to see that choice farmland will not be de- !#### 8
    (Open only to B ucknell Students and Educational S ta ff- | Price Based on
    60 Seats) ^ stroyed by the highway. The Penn's Crebk watershed group has
    similar interests, and especially wants to develop a tour ist and recreation
    area. For ex ample, they want to build a small dam at New Berlin which, by
    eliminating a few shallow areas, will make the creek even better for boating
    and canoeing than it al ready is. B: How do watershed groups ob tain funds?
    J: They get their operating money through sale of memberships to in terested
    people in the area. If they put in a structure, such as a flood- control dam
    or dikes, they may also receive money from the federal government. B: Do you
    think it is desirable for this area to try to attract in dustry? J: To have
    progress, a good school system and so forth, we need a good tax base to
    support it, which means that industry is neces sary. This county's
    population is in creasing and more public facilities like roads and schools
    will be need ed. It is true that as you get more industry you get more
    people, and problems seem to perpetuate them selves, but with industry
    present it's easier to finance the solutions. What I do object to is
    industry's building along the river on prime agricultural land. They got
    this land from farmers through the sheer power of money, offering them sums
    which they couldn't af ford to turn down. Farmers have big investments in
    their land, but still are running marginal operations and need the best
    land. Industry could get along just as well on land which is not as good.

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: W A R D R O B E
Content: 

Heading: 234 Market Street.
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: >> 0 "COLUMBIA. " PS PS  MARCAS MG W W TB U IU JA

Heading: Course Guide
Content: (Continued from Page 1) Current and more detailed than the information students
    must tradition ally rely upon. This year's Course Guide is four hundred
    pages long. In order to keep costs to a minimum and to try to conserve paper
    resources, only three hundred copies were printed. It is planned to
    distribute copies to all J.C.'s and R.A.'s as well as fraternity houses.
    Copies will also be put on reserve in the Library and in the Comer Room of
    the C.A. This way students will have ready access to a copy. Each academic
    department will receive a few, and the Deans and other administrators will
    receive personal copies. Sheets will be provided along with the guide asking
    for student and faculty response concerning the ac-

Heading: Kenyon
Content: (Continued from Page 1) spot which could be the authentic site of the
    crucifiction. Dr. Kenyon, who has become famous because of her pioneering
    work in the science of archaeology as it developed at Jericho, has ex
    cavated at Samaria and Jericho in addition to Jerusalem. One of Britian's
    most distinguish ed scholars, Miss Kenyon directed history-making work at
    Jericho in the 1950's. She not only found what was at the time the " world's
    old est city," but introduced really modern archaeological techniques into
    Near Eastern excavation. curacy and effectiveness of the guide. It would be
    appreciated if each person who uses the Course Guide would take a minute to
    jot down the answers to the three questions asked on the evaluation sheet.
    If this feedback is favorable, the effort may well be continued in
    succeeding years.

Heading: Piers Plowman
Content: (Continued from Page 1) orchestration. Fragmentary and also some extended
    quotations from medieval music are presented when called forth by the themes
    and dramatic moods of the play." The work will be presented in arena style
    in Davis Gymnasium at 8:30 p.m. Saturday, May 1. Admis sion to the
    performance will be by guest tickets. These will be avail able, without
    charge, starting Mon day in the University Bookstore. Students who expect to
    be entertain ing their parents during Spring Weekend should secure tickets
    as soon as possible.

Heading: Happenings
Content: 

Heading: sis
Content: (Continued from Page 1) director of residence halls. Staff meetings for all
    volunteers, held on alternate Sundays, are con ducted in an " encounter"
    type manner. Advisory board meetings are held on Wednesdays when an nounced.
    Blyskal emphasizes the need for more S.I.S. volunteers, especially in the
    Hotline area. There are no special requirements, only a strong interest is
    required. Interested vol unteers should contact Blyskal or leave a note in
    the Bison backroom.

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: 

Heading: ' S
Content: 

Heading: House of Fashion
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-0790
Content: 9000000000000800000000

Heading: <<
Content: 

Heading: Need Extra
Content: 

Heading: MONEY!
Content: Sell your arts and crafts thru--

Heading: THE ART POD
Content: 

Heading: 411 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Counselors
Content: (Continued from Page 1) were also named to the R.A. staff. The students chosen
    for the J.C. staff for next year include Peter Balakian, Jeffrey Capron,
    Deborah Copeland, Walter Leonard Dillinger, Joann Ewing, Nanette Falkenberg,
    and John A. Gardner. James Gergely, Samuel Greenlee, Patricia Grier,
    Geraldine Homall, Mary Humbert, Frank Kirkland, Christine Kydd, and Philip
    Leo will also be counselors. Also included are Alan Loesch, James Ludwig,
    Linda Matis, Michael McCormick, Jeffrey Morr ill, David Parks, Virginia
    Pascucci, Susan Preston, and John Rayhack. Glenn Reeder, Andrew Rolfe,
    Lawrence Smyth, Donna Triptow, Douglas Warman, Gary Weinstein, Thomas
    Wheatley, Kristine Witmer and Schley Wraight were also cho sen for the
    staff. Editor's Note: Happening of Note should be submitted by 8 a.m.,
    Monday and Thursday, typed on an sheet of paper. Due to space limitations
    announcements already listed on the Campus Calendar will not be printed. The
    BUCKNELLIAN reserves the right to edit all copy. Priority will be given to
    Happenings pretaining to the entire University community.

Heading: Budget
Content: Only those organizations submitt ing itemized appropriations re quests to Chuck
    Resnick, Box B-623 on or before Monday April 12 at 4:30 p.m. will be
    eligible for funds for the 1971-72 academic year. Hear ings will be held on
    Monday, April 19, at a place and time to be an nounced next week.

Heading: Comments?
Content: The BUCKNELLIAN is Interested in receiving comments from aD members of the
    community con cerning any topics of concern. Ad dress letters and columns to
    Edi torials Editor, BUCKNELLIAN. Inform ation A bout

Heading: LE G A L,
Content: 

Heading: NEW  Y O R K
Content: a b o r t io n s *  Expert certified G ynecologists *  Choice o f top private
    hospitals and private clinics. I *  Appointm ents scheduled w ith in  24
    hours , I *  Travel arrangements available

Heading: I *  TOTAL COST BELOW $250
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: FOR EARLY PREGNANCIES--
Content: f e e i n c l u d e d

Heading: CALL EITHER OFFICE FOR
Content: 

Heading: ASSISTANCE
Content: (201) 334-3738 (212) 885-1314 N ew  Y ork  M edical Referral A gency

Heading: Gym
Content: The facilities of Davis Gym are now open for use by individual students until 10
    p.m. on week- nights unless they are being used for a campus event such as
    intra murals or concerts.

Heading: Committee
Content: 

Heading: Retreat
Content: Chapel Committee and Newman Assoc, will sponsor a retreat at Cowan, April 16, 17
    and 18. The topic for the weekend will be "Jesus Christ: Superstar????" All
    mem bers of the Bucknell community are welcome to attend. If you wish to
    attend, contact Chaplain Gardner, 1592, or Mary Beth James, 1751, for
    further details.

Heading: Cocktail Theatre
Content: On Monday and Tuesday, there will be the initial performances of an original
    one-act play, WHERE

Heading: WERE YOU BEFORE YOU WERE
Content: HERE?, at 4:30 p.m. in the Cole man Hall Theatre.

Heading: Swim
Content: There wiU be no Family Swim on Monday night, April 12.

Heading: Becker Motor Co. - VW
Content: The A.B.S. is looking for three students to serve on the Committee on Academic
    Regulations. The pur pose of the committee it to inter pret and to advise on
    matters of academic requirements and aca demic regulations authorized by the
    faculty. Interest sheets may be picked up in the Dean of Student Affairs Of
    fice by April 14. The candidates will be chosen at the April 15 meeting of
    the A.B.S.

Heading: Rooms
Content: The drawing of priority numbers for room selection will be held on Monday
    evening, April 12, according to the following schedule: MEN: New Dorm
    Library Juniors: 6-7 p.m. Sophomores: 7-8 p.m. Freshmen: 8-9 p.m.

Heading: WOMEN:
Content: Hunt Formal Living Room: Juniors: 6-7 p.m. Sophomores: 7-8 p.m. Freshmen: 8-9
    p.m.

Heading: RTS.
Content: 

Heading: Visit
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . .
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new
Content: 

Heading: of living
Content: 

Heading: ........
Content: 

Heading: You can do your own
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZM AN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: kind
Content: 

Heading: kind
Content: 

Heading: u
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: FIFTH & MARKET STREETS
Content: 

Heading: Special!
Content: 

Heading: 10o/<> off on all Pizzas
Content: 

Heading: purchased & eaten in
Content: 

Heading: our restaurant between
Content: 

Heading: 5 4 9 p.m. Monday thru
Content: 

Heading: Thursday.
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-2494
Content: l e w is b u r g

Heading: ,
Content: p e n n a

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: or
Content: 

Heading: to Class
Content: 

Heading: by
Content: 

Heading: l i f e
Content: 

Heading: 11 & 15-- SELINSGROVE
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 743-1514
Content: 

Heading: SALES
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE --  PARTS
Content: 

Heading: COMPLETE TOWING
Content: 

Heading: & BODY SHOP WORK
Content: 

Heading: DROPPING
Content: 

Heading: OUT HAS
Content: 

Heading: NEVER
Content: 

Heading: SOLVED
Content: 

Heading: ATHING.
Content: 

Heading: Neither has L.S.D.
Content: 

Heading: Or destructivism. Or
Content: 

Heading: escapism. Or dull
Content: 

Heading: acceptance of
Content: 

Heading: purposeless living.
Content: 

Heading: What people need
Content: 

Heading: most today is a
Content: 

Heading: resson
Content: 

Heading: for living. A solid spir
Content: 

Heading: itual purpose. A mean
Content: 

Heading: ing in life.
Content: 

Heading: Paul Erickson, a
Content: 

Heading: Christian Science
Content: 

Heading: practitioner and
Content: 

Heading: teacher, calls it "awak
Content: 

Heading: ening ... to the avail
Content: 

Heading: ability of the law of
Content: 

Heading: divine good."
Content: 

Heading: Come hear him tell
Content: 

Heading: about it in a
Content: 

Heading: 40
Content: 

Heading: -minute
Content: 

Heading: talk titled "Howto
Content: 

Heading: relate to our world."
Content: 

Heading: And ask a question
Content: 

Heading: or two.
Content: 

Heading: MONDAY, APRIL 12th
Content: 

Heading: at 7:30 p.m. in
Content: 

Heading: NEW DORM PIT
Content: 

Heading: Sponsored by
Content: Christian Science Orfanizntion

Heading: ABORTION AID
Content: 

Heading: The Council on Abortion
Content: 

Heading: Research &
Content: 

Heading: iducation
Content: 

Heading: (Non-
Content: 

Heading: Profit) provides free infor
Content: 

Heading: mation and referral assistance
Content: 

Heading: regarding legal abortion.
Content: 

Heading: Limited financial aid is also
Content: 

Heading: available. Inquiries are
Content: 

Heading: completely confidential.
Content: 

Heading: Call:
Content: 

Heading: (212) 682-6856
Content: 

Heading: STRRIID
Content: 

Heading: SUNBURY. PA.
Content: 

Heading: NOW PLAYING
Content: Weekdays at 7 8c 9 Sat. from 1 p.m. Sun. from 2 pan. MUMM W*i<<SWl

Heading: Ali MacGraw * Ryan O'Neal
Content: \TUe Ytw'i X \ Bestseller A HOWARD 6 MINSKY-ARTHUR HILLER Praduden

Heading: John Marley&Ray Millanti
Content: . O mc MI* ftobucM b ERICH SE6AL ARTHUR HILLER HOWARD 6. MlKSGf I mh M  h M im <
    Scene >t M COL 0* DffllD GOLDEN

Heading: FRANCIS IA.
Content: a pmhmm new?

Heading: REED'S
Content: 

Heading: Summer Storage
Content: 

Heading: STUDENTS-- Leave
Content: 

Heading: your Winter
Content: 

Heading: Gar
Content: 

Heading: ments with REED'S for Summer Box
Content: 

Heading: Storage.
Content: 

Heading: Full insured, freshly cleaned and
Content: 

Heading: pressed at Regular Cleaning Prices-
Content: 

Heading: 103 SOUTH SIXTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: 523-1282
Content: APRIL 9, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE
Content: 

Heading: FIVE
Content: m im i : ':v: #>

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: /
Content: 

Heading: Trackmen Down Dickinson;
Content: 

Heading: Big Blue Golfers Triumph
Content: 

Heading: Bison t o e n  Continue Streak
Content: 

Heading: By MARK KNODERER
Content: 

Heading: The cindermen chalked up their
Content: 

Heading: first victory of the year yesterday
Content: 

Heading: as they topped Dickinson in work*
Content: 

Heading: manlike fashion, 84-61.
Content: 

Heading: The victory was all the more
Content: 

Heading: gratifying because Dickinson ex
Content: 

Heading: pected to win the meet, but found
Content: 

Heading: Gulden's legions too much to handle.
Content: 

Heading: The story of the meet was guts.
Content: 

Heading: The Bisons came through when
Content: 

Heading: they had to. Especially in the field
Content: 

Heading: events, where the Bisons outscored
Content: 

Heading: the Indians 46-17, the Herd showed
Content: 

Heading: the results of hard work.
Content: 

Heading: Sweeps (first, second, and third
Content: 

Heading: places) in the triple jump, javelin,
Content: 

Heading: discus, and shot put provided the
Content: 

Heading: cushion for victory. In the discus,
Content: 

Heading: the Bisons placed, incredibly, in the
Content: 

Heading: first five places.
Content: 

Heading: Mitch Farbstein led the assult on
Content: 

Heading: the discus, flinging the disc 149'4",
Content: 

Heading: and missing the school record by a
Content: 

Heading: foot. Doug Nauman led the javelin
Content: 

Heading: brigade with a winning toss of 203'-
Content: 

Heading: 2". Tarras Onischenko heaved the
Content: 

Heading: shot 45'5 3/8" to win the shotput,
Content: 

Heading: and Bob Smith narrowly missed his
Content: 

Heading: record in the triple jump with a
Content: 

Heading: leap of 46'5 1/4".
Content: 

Heading: 'Die track events, though, pro
Content: 

Heading: vided some of the more emotional
Content: 

Heading: thrills of the meet.
Content: 

Heading: Rick Francel is this year's cap
Content: 

Heading: tain, and he showed why by putting
Content: 

Heading: on an inspired and determined
Content: 

Heading: show. In the 880 he completely ran
Content: 

Heading: away from the opposition and won
Content: 

Heading: by over 30 yards in a time of 1:59.9.
Content: 

Heading: In the mile relay he held a nar
Content: 

Heading: row lead when he took the baton
Content: 

Heading: from John Larner. Dickinson's Ed
Content: 

Heading: Philipps never had a chance as
Content: 

Heading: Francel blew him off the track. The
Content: 

Heading: relay's time of 3:28.8 is one of the
Content: 

Heading: best in the MAC'S at this point in
Content: 

Heading: the season.
Content: 

Heading: Tom "Doc" Haggerty was another
Content: 

Heading: stalwart for the team, as he placed
Content: 

Heading: third in the mile (4:39.4) and won
Content: 

Heading: the grueling 2-mile in 9:51.0, both
Content: 

Heading: his best times.
Content: 

Heading: In the 440 Dickinson's Terry Tay
Content: 

Heading: lor sprinted out of the blocks and
Content: 

Heading: held a 10 yard lead after 220 yards.
Content: 

Heading: Then freshman Glenn McLaughlin
Content: 

Heading: turned on his blazing speed, passed
Content: 

Heading: Taylor, and won in 52.4. Paul
Content: 

Heading: Hermle also nipped Taylor at the
Content: 

Heading: tape to take second place.
Content: 

Heading: The meet was won on team depth,
Content: 

Heading: as the Bisons won nine of the seven
Content: 

Heading: teen events, placed second nine
Content: 

Heading: times and third twelve times. The
Content: 

Heading: meet was the initial win for track
Content: 

Heading: coach Arthur Gulden, and if wins
Content: 

Heading: are measured by desire, it should
Content: 

Heading: be the first of many.
Content: 

Heading: The cindermen will next test their
Content: 

Heading: mettle tomorrow afternoon at 1:30
Content: 

Heading: in Memorial Stadium against Dela
Content: 

Heading: ware. The Blue Hens have a tough,
Content: 

Heading: well-balanced team, and the Bisons
Content: 

Heading: will have to be at their best to beat
Content: 

Heading: them.
Content: 

Heading: By JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: 

Heading: The Bison linksmen opened their
Content: 

Heading: season with a masterful stroke by
Content: 

Heading: downing Dickinson 5-2 and Juniata
Content: 

Heading: 7-0 in a triangular meet held yester
Content: 

Heading: day at the Bucknell golf course.
Content: 

Heading: Mark Reddy, a junior, put the
Content: 

Heading: golfers ahead by taking a 4-3 de
Content: 

Heading: cision from his Dickinson opponent
Content: 

Heading: while going one up against Juniata.
Content: 

Heading: Soph Dan Stetz, playing in the
Content: 

Heading: number four slot, and freshman
Content: 

Heading: Mike Sinkus, playing in the number
Content: 

Heading: five slot, shot the lowest rounds of
Content: 

Heading: the day for the Bisons registering
Content: 

Heading: well-coordinated 78's.
Content: 

Heading: Greg Mordas and Ray Douglass
Content: 

Heading: followed
Content: 

Heading: with
Content: 

Heading: 79's while Mark
Content: 

Heading: Reddy (80), George Ferrantelli (82),
Content: 

Heading: and Dave Maier (84), closed up the
Content: 

Heading: scoring.
Content: 

Heading: Coach Brad Tufts was more than
Content: 

Heading: satisfied with his team's play and
Content: 

Heading: stated, "The scores today proved
Content: 

Heading: that on any given day, anyone of
Content: 

Heading: our members is capable of playing
Content: 

Heading: the best round. We really have a
Content: 

Heading: balanced team."
Content: 

Heading: By JEFF QUINZER
Content: 

Heading: The Bison tennis team rolled to its
Content: 

Heading: second win of the season and ran its
Content: 

Heading: unbeaten streak to 17 games over
Content: 

Heading: the past two years as they defeated
Content: 

Heading: Layfayette at Easton by the unusual
Content: 

Heading: score of
Content: 7

Heading: V
Content: 2

Heading: -IV
Content: 2

Heading: . Due to the cold,
Content: 

Heading: windy weather and because the out
Content: 

Heading: come of the meet had already been
Content: 

Heading: decided, the final doubles match of
Content: 

Heading: Jim Cummings and Bruce Kevan
Content: 

Heading: was called a draw after two sets
Content: 

Heading: with each team being awarded a
Content: 

Heading: half point.
Content: 

Heading: "The windy weather made things
Content: 

Heading: very
Content: 

Heading: difficult," explained
Content: 

Heading: Coach
Content: 

Heading: Craig Reynolds. "I was pleased with
Content: 

Heading: the
Content: 

Heading: play
Content: 

Heading: under
Content: 

Heading: the
Content: 

Heading: conditions
Content: 

Heading: though. Its tough to get in proper
Content: 

Heading: position when its windy; you move
Content: 

Heading: to where the ball should be when
Content: 

Heading: you look up, its not there."
Content: 

Heading: The poor spring weather plays no
Content: 

Heading: favorites and the tennis squad has
Content: 

Heading: been hurt by the weather as much
Content: 

Heading: as any Bison team.
Content: 

Heading: "We haven't had the chance to
Content: 

Heading: really see how well we're capable
Content: 

Heading: of playing," said the first year
Content: 

Heading: coach. "You have to play a differ
Content: 

Heading: ent type of game in this weather;
Content: 

Heading: you have to be more careful. We
Content: 

Heading: Lions Leap Past Diamondmen
Content: 

Heading: Gunners Place Third
Content: 

Heading: By JOHN TUBBS
Content: 

Heading: The Bucknell rifle team finished
Content: 

Heading: a winning season last Saturday by
Content: 

Heading: placing
Content: 

Heading: third
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: the
Content: 

Heading: Eastern
Content: 

Heading: Pennsylvania Intercollegiate Rifle
Content: 

Heading: League tournament.
Content: 

Heading: Arlene Danilowicz, a graduating
Content: 

Heading: senior team member, took first
Content: 

Heading: place in the women's division with
Content: 

Heading: a score of 251. Ron Mertz, another
Content: 

Heading: senior, shot one of his best scores
Content: 

Heading: this year to capture fourth place in
Content: 

Heading: a field of sixty shooters, with a
Content: 

Heading: total score of 264.
Content: 

Heading: Other team members contributing
Content: 

Heading: to BuckneU's team total of 1250
Content: 

Heading: were John Tubbs (247), Steve Boyer
Content: 

Heading: (244), and John Dickerson (244).
Content: 

Heading: Also firing for Bucknell were Karen
Content: 

Heading: Reid and Trish Kono.
Content: 

Heading: Lehigh University took top honors
Content: 

Heading: in the tournament which also in
Content: 

Heading: cluded teams from Kings' College,
Content: 

Heading: University of Scranton, University
Content: 

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: 

Heading: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS
Content: 

Heading: 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON
Content: 

Heading: FIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: 

Heading: Steamed Clams
Content: 

Heading: EVERY WEDNESDAY and
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY 7 p.m. 'til ?????
Content: 

Heading: TOWN TAVERN
Content: 

Heading: 600 Market Street
Content: XXJiJiJCXJiXXSOCSOCJiJSJCSiSiS>>>>>><<<<

Heading: FREE INFORMATION
Content: 

Heading: SAFE, LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T I O N
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW YORK
Content: 

Heading: Scheduled Immediately
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 8562
Content: 

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: 

Heading: CERTIFIED
Content: 

Heading: ABORTON REFERRAL
Content: 

Heading: All Inquiries Confidential
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: APRIL 9, 1971
Content: 

Heading: of Delaware, Kutztown State College
Content: 

Heading: and Harrisburg Polyclinic.
Content: 

Heading: During regular league competi
Content: 

Heading: tion,
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell
Content: 

Heading: compiled
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: 7-5
Content: 

Heading: record,
Content: 

Heading: making
Content: 

Heading: this
Content: 

Heading: the
Content: 

Heading: third
Content: 

Heading: straight year the team has finish
Content: 

Heading: ed their season with better than a
Content: 

Heading: .500 mark. In the other two years
Content: 

Heading: of the league's existence, Bucknell
Content: 

Heading: finished the season with records of
Content: 

Heading: 9-3 and 10-4.
Content: 

Heading: Graduating senior members and
Content: 

Heading: an expanded league next year mean
Content: 

Heading: that the club will be looking for
Content: 

Heading: new members to keep the team in
Content: 

Heading: good standing.
Content: 

Heading: By KEN DOAK
Content: 

Heading: The Bison nine dropped their
Content: 

Heading: third straight low-run game Tues
Content: 

Heading: day, as they lost 4-1 at Penn State
Content: 

Heading: in a snow-abbreviated contest.
Content: 

Heading: The Herd outhit the Nittany Lions
Content: 

Heading: 7-5, but losing pitcher Bill Lane
Content: 

Heading: walked 8 batters in his 4-plus inn
Content: 

Heading: ings.
Content: 

Heading: BU jumped into a first inning lead
Content: 

Heading: as Chris Riley singled, Mike Marin-
Content: 

Heading: chack reached on an error, and
Content: 

Heading: Steve Eck delivered the run on a
Content: 

Heading: base hit.
Content: 

Heading: In the third, Lane walked the
Content: 

Heading: bases loaded with two outs. How
Content: 

Heading: ever, he fanned the next batter,
Content: 

Heading: and the Bisons were seemingly out
Content: 

Heading: of the inning as Riley rolled the
Content: 

Heading: ball back to the mound.
Content: 

Heading: However, the umpire ruled that
Content: 

Heading: Riley had not held the third strike,
Content: 

Heading: and the Lions ended up with a run
Content: 

Heading: despite a heated protest.
Content: 

Heading: They picked up 2 more runs in
Content: 

Heading: Catheman 's
Content: 

Heading: B0(tm)
Content: 

Heading: C A N D Y
Content: 

Heading: HAND DIPPED
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL
Content: 

Heading: EASTER
Content: 

Heading: ASSORTMENTS
Content: 

Heading: AND
Content: 

Heading: GIFTS
Content: 

Heading: WE beautifully box each assortment
Content: 

Heading: and will gladly mail your order any
Content: 

Heading: where.
Content: 

Heading: OPEN 9:00 A. M. TO 9:00 P. M.
Content: 

Heading: 209
Content: 

Heading: NORTH
Content: 

Heading: FRONT STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG,
Content: 

Heading: 523-7761
Content: 

Heading: CLASS OF 71 PRESENTS
Content: 

Heading: GODARD
Content: 

Heading: The Rotting Stones
Content: 

Heading: "Sympathy for the Devil (1 plus 1)
Content: 

Heading: "A song of revolution
Content: 

Heading: unlike anything that's ever been
Content: 

Heading: sung- . . .sheer genius."
Content: 

Heading: -- Morgenstern, NEWSWEEK
Content: 

Heading: "A movie experience
Content: 

Heading: of major importance."
Content: 

Heading: -- Canby, N. Y. TIMES
Content: 

Heading: SAT,, APRIL 10, 7 & 9 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Vaughan Lit. Aud.
Content: 

Heading: 75c
Content: 

Heading: the fourth on an error and a pair
Content: 

Heading: of extra-base hits to take a 3-1
Content: 

Heading: lead.
Content: 

Heading: Lane yielded two hits and a walk
Content: 

Heading: to start the next inning, and Rich
Content: 

Heading: Baines came in from the bullpen.
Content: 

Heading: He escaped with only 1 runner
Content: 

Heading: crossing the plate and was also
Content: 

Heading: scoreless in the sixth.
Content: 

Heading: However, BU could not get on
Content: 

Heading: the scoreboard again, and the game
Content: 

Heading: was called after 6% innings with
Content: 

Heading: Penn State up 4-1.
Content: 

Heading: For Bucknell, Riley and John
Content: 

Heading: Rudolph had two hits apice, while
Content: 

Heading: Steve Eck picked up his third RBI
Content: 

Heading: of the season, the entire team total.
Content: 

Heading: The Bisons open the home season
Content: 

Heading: tomorrow, facing a strong Lafay
Content: 

Heading: ette squad in a one o'clock double-
Content: 

Heading: header.
Content: 

Heading: Thompson concluded, "We have
Content: 

Heading: to keep swinging and hope to get
Content: 

Heading: some runs."
Content: 

Heading: haven't been able to play very
Content: 

Heading: agressively because of the wind."
Content: 

Heading: Steve Baird, who plays in
Content: 

Heading: the
Content: 

Heading: number one position, hardly seemed
Content: 

Heading: to be effected by the adverse con
Content: 

Heading: ditions as he dispatched his op
Content: 

Heading: ponent 6-0, 6-1. Steve won handily
Content: 

Heading: over a player who Coach Reynolds
Content: 

Heading: felt "was tougher than his opponent
Content: 

Heading: of the previous week" (Pitt) to show
Content: 

Heading: that he is steadily improving.
Content: 

Heading: Other winners were captain Alex
Content: 

Heading: Anderson (6-2, 6-2), Jim Lackritz
Content: 

Heading: (3-6, 6-3, 6-2), Keith Kimball (6-1,
Content: 

Heading: 8-6), and Bruce Kevan (6-3, 7-5).
Content: 

Heading: Bob Christianson, playing in the
Content: 

Heading: number five slot, lost a tough match
Content: 

Heading: to Gary Greenfield, 6-4, 3-6, 8-10.
Content: 

Heading: In doubles competition, Baird and
Content: 

Heading: Anderson (8-6, 64) and Lackritz and
Content: 

Heading: Kimball (6-3, 6-0) won their matches
Content: 

Heading: before the final was declared a
Content: 

Heading: draw with the score 6-3 and 4-6.
Content: 

Heading: The team will be looking for its
Content: 

Heading: 18th consecutive victory against
Content: 

Heading: Kent State this afternoon at 3 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Spectators are encouraged to attend
Content: 

Heading: what promises to be a close, com
Content: 

Heading: petitive meet.
Content: 

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: WANTED -- A second hand 3-speed
Content: 

Heading: bike. Call 523-7543.
Content: 

Heading: CORNELL'S COIN & STAMP SHOP
Content: 

Heading: We buy and sell U.S. coins and
Content: 

Heading: stamps.
Content: 

Heading: 35 Broadway,
Content: 

Heading: Milton.
Content: 

Heading: Open 10 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: MEN'S CONTRACEPTIVES!
Content: 

Heading: Im-
Content: 

Heading: ported and best American brands.
Content: 

Heading: Price list free. Samples and cata
Content: 

Heading: logue $1.00, refunded if not satis
Content: 

Heading: fied.
Content: 

Heading: POPLAN,
Content: 

Heading: Box 2556-QP3,
Content: 

Heading: Chapel Hill, NC 27514.
Content: 

Heading: FOR SALE -- SPINET PIANO,
Content: 

Heading: Wanted, responsible party to take
Content: 

Heading: over a spinet piano. Easy terms
Content: 

Heading: available. Can be seen locally.
Content: 

Heading: Write Credit Manager, P.O. Box
Content: 

Heading: 35, Cortland, Ohio 44410.
Content: -----

Heading: WHATS PLAYTNGT-
Content: 

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: --------------------------------------------- --------------
Content: 

Heading: ----------
Content: 

Heading: --------------------
Content: 

Heading: 0 Fri., Sat., Sun., Mon., Tues.
Content: 

Heading: Apr. 9-10-11-12-13
Content: 

Heading: SS
Content: 

Heading: ACADEMY AWARD NOMINEES
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: 5
Content: 

Heading: GOLDIE
Content: 

Heading: PETER
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: HAWN
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: SELLERS
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: "GIRL IN MY SOUP"
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: 

Heading: --A LAUGH A MINUTE IN COLOR--
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: SHOW TIMES 7:00 --  9:00
Content: 

Heading: STARTING WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14
Content: 

Heading: ACADEMY AWARD NOMINEES
Content: 

Heading: "THE LANDLORD"
Content: 

Heading: PLUS -- PLUS -- PLUS --  PLUS
Content: 

Heading: "WOMEN IN LOVE"
Content: 

Heading: COMING
Content: 

Heading: Owl & Pussycat--Tora Tora Tora
Content: 

Heading: SOON
Content: 

Heading: Trash--Cold Turkey --Love Story
Content: 

Heading: U ;
Content: 

Heading: Bagg.
Content: 

Heading: Illlj
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXm -- NO. 41
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY, APRIL 13. 197i
Content: 

Heading: 'Che
Content: 

Heading: JSuckndlian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Concert
Content: 

Heading: The Beach Boys will display their vocal talents in a special show on Friday,
Content: 

Heading: April 23 at 8:30 p.m. in Davis Gym. Tickets are $3.50 ($1.00 for season
Content: 

Heading: ticket holders) and may be purchased at the bookstore.
Content: 

Heading: Synchronettes Schedule
Content: 

Heading: 'Starry' Swimming Show
Content: 

Heading: Suggests Professor Representative
Content: 

Heading: Brandon Favors Student Trustee
Content: 

Heading: The Synchronettes, the women's
Content: 

Heading: synchronized swimming club, will
Content: 

Heading: present its annual water ballet show
Content: 

Heading: on Friday, April 16 at 7:30 p.m. and
Content: 

Heading: on Sunday, April 18 at 2 p.m. in
Content: 

Heading: Freas-Rooke Pool.
Content: 

Heading: The show is entitled "Aquastrolo-
Content: 

Heading: gy" and utilizes the signs of the
Content: 

Heading: zodiac as the theme. A small ad
Content: 

Heading: mission fee is charged, and the
Content: 

Heading: public is invited to attend.
Content: 

Heading: "Aquastrology" will feature some
Content: 

Heading: unusual acts not included in pre
Content: 

Heading: vious performances by The Synchro
Content: 

Heading: nettes. The entire club, with each
Content: 

Heading: girl holding a candle, will form
Content: 

Heading: various constellations in the dark
Content: 

Heading: ened pool, and in the finale, the
Content: 

Heading: girls will swim with torches.
Content: 

Heading: During the show, each of the
Content: 

Heading: twelve signs of the zodiac will be
Content: 

Heading: depicted by music, with accompani
Content: 

Heading: ment ranging from rock and jazz
Content: 

Heading: to pop and classical. The lighting
Content: 

Heading: which has been described as "al
Content: 

Heading: most a show in itself," is expected
Content: 

Heading: to be more elaborate than in pre
Content: 

Heading: vious shows, with slides projected
Content: 

Heading: on the pool wall.
Content: 

Heading: Weekend Events
Content: 

Heading: Viet War
Content: 

Heading: Freshman Diana Thomas and
Content: 

Heading: junior Melinda Wanner will swim
Content: 

Heading: solos in the show, and junior Patty
Content: 

Heading: Barton and senior Carol Kocovsky
Content: 

Heading: will swim a duet. There will also
Content: 

Heading: be a quartet composed of freshman
Content: 

Heading: Lora Graham, sophomore Libby
Content: 

Heading: Haak, senior Ronnie Hilles, and
Content: 

Heading: junior Laurie Shinn.
Content: 

Heading: Miss Kofie Montgomery, instruc
Content: 

Heading: tor in physical education, is ad
Content: 

Heading: visor to the group.
Content: 

Heading: By ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: 

Heading: In a contact lecture last week,
Content: 

Heading: Dr. Arthur Brandon, a member of
Content: 

Heading: the University Board of Trustees,
Content: 

Heading: expressed his opinion that there
Content: 

Heading: should definitely be some sort of
Content: 

Heading: student representation on the Board.
Content: 

Heading: Brandon was being questioned on
Content: 

Heading: the advisability of having students
Content: 

Heading: choose the Board of Trustees. He
Content: 

Heading: said, "I don't think it is sound to
Content: 

Heading: have students elect the Board, but
Content: 

Heading: they should have some form of rep
Content: 

Heading: resentation."
Content: 

Heading: Although Brandon did not clarify
Content: 

Heading: this statement with specifics, he did
Content: 

Heading: show an interest in attempting to
Content: 

Heading: increase the ties between the Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity community and the Board
Content: 

Heading: of Trustees.
Content: 

Heading: In response to this apparent in
Content: 

Heading: terest, Brandon was asked to ex
Content: 

Heading: press his opinion on the ABS motion
Content: 

Heading: requesting three meetings of the
Content: 

Heading: Board, of which two would be held
Content: 

Heading: on campus.
Content: 

Heading: Brandon answered that although
Content: 

Heading: New York City was more conven
Content: 

Heading: ient for most of the present mem
Content: 

Heading: bers of the Board, meetings on
Content: 

Heading: campus would be an excellent idea.
Content: 

Heading: He continued, "I feel that when we
Content: 

Heading: accept the responsibility to be a
Content: 

Heading: member of the Board, we should
Content: 

Heading: also accept the responsibility to be
Content: 

Heading: on campus."
Content: 

Heading: Forum Probes Education Goals,
Content: 

Heading: Focuses on University's Future
Content: 

Heading: Explore
Content: 

Heading: By RICHARD HUMPHREY
Content: 

Heading: Final plans have been completed
Content: 

Heading: for
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: week-end
Content: 

Heading: of
Content: 

Heading: "speakers,
Content: 

Heading: films, and discussion groups ex
Content: 

Heading: ploring the war in Indochina and its
Content: 

Heading: impact
Content: 

Heading: upon
Content: 

Heading: Vietnamese
Content: 

Heading: and
Content: 

Heading: American society" April 16-17 en
Content: 

Heading: titled "The Web of the War." The
Content: 

Heading: activities will be held in conjunc
Content: 

Heading: tion with the Committee of Re
Content: 

Heading: sponsibility
Content: 

Heading: (COR).
Content: 

Heading: The weekend's events wiill in
Content: 

Heading: clude a variety of war-related topics
Content: 

Heading: and speakers.
Content: 

Heading: Prof. John Balabad of Pennsyli-
Content: 

Heading: vania State University, a frequent
Content: 

Heading: visitor to Vietnam and an active
Content: 

Heading: (Continued on Page 3)
Content: 

Heading: By ROBERT WENDEL
Content: 

Heading: "Very little change has occurred
Content: 

Heading: in colleges nationwide over the past
Content: 

Heading: 15 years," quoted John Zeller, vice
Content: 

Heading: president of business and finance,
Content: 

Heading: from a recent publication entitled
Content: 

Heading: "The Golden Years" in an open
Content: 

Heading: forum on University priorities held
Content: 

Heading: recently.
Content: 

Heading: Zeller went on to say that since
Content: 

Heading: the activity of the students during
Content: 

Heading: the latter part of this period was
Content: 

Heading: high, it is rather unlikely that the
Content: 

Heading: University would change substan
Content: 

Heading: tially over the next 15 years.
Content: 

Heading: Wendell Smith, University Pro
Content: 

Heading: vost, reacted immediately by say
Content: 

Heading: ing, "If this is true, then higher
Content: 

Heading: education is in big trouble. We may
Content: 

Heading: be lacking financially, but, more
Content: 

Heading: importantly, we might be lacking
Content: 

Heading: educationally."
Content: 

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: forum
Content: 

Heading: also
Content: 

Heading: focused
Content: 

Heading: on
Content: 

Heading: whether or not the University has
Content: 

Heading: any goals, or whether, in fact, it
Content: 

Heading: should have any hard and fast
Content: 

Heading: goals at all.
Content: 

Heading: Dr. Edward Cotter, assistant pro
Content: 

Heading: fessor of geology, indicated that
Content: 

Heading: one of the biggest problems is that
Content: 

Heading: since statistically, most students
Content: 

Heading: like college just the way it is now,
Content: 

Heading: a major change might scare off the
Content: 

Heading: majority of those enrolled.
Content: 

Heading: America an 'Evil Nation'
Content: 

Heading: Asserts Theologian Cone
Content: 

Heading: *  #
Content: 

Heading: By CATHLEEN EVANS
Content: 

Heading: "The Black Revolution involves
Content: 

Heading: the tension between the actual and
Content: 

Heading: the possible, between the 'white
Content: 

Heading: past' and 'black future'," asserted
Content: 

Heading: James Cone, from Union Theologi
Content: 

Heading: cal Seminary in New York City,
Content: 

Heading: when he spoke here last Thursday.
Content: 

Heading: He went on to state that, "The
Content: 

Heading: culture and life styles of blacks
Content: 

Heading: must be decided in terms of their
Content: 

Heading: reality, rather than
Content: 

Heading: the reality
Content: 

Heading: which enslaves them. The black
Content: 

Heading: community must accept the re
Content: 

Heading: sponsibility of defining the world ac
Content: 

Heading: cording to its 'open possibilities'."
Content: 

Heading: Noting that traditional Christian
Content: 

Heading: ity has been identified "primarily
Content: 

Heading: with the structures of power and
Content: 

Heading: only secondarily with the victims of
Content: 

Heading: power," he sees white Christians in
Content: 

Heading: America as thinking of "love as an
Content: 

Heading: absence of power and reconcilia
Content: 

Heading: tion as being indifferent to justice."
Content: 

Heading: As there is "no white theologian
Content: 

Heading: who has taken the oppression of
Content: 

Heading: black people as a point of departure
Content: 

Heading: for analyzing the meaning of the
Content: 

Heading: gospel today," nor could there be
Content: 

Heading: he advocates a Black Theology,
Content: 

Heading: which, as does Black Power, has
Content: 

Heading: liberation for its theme.
Content: 

Heading: "God, according to the Bible, is
Content: 

Heading: known by what he does, and what
Content: 

Heading: he does is always related to the
Content: 

Heading: liberation of the oppressed." He
Content: 

Heading: tells American theologians to re
Content: 

Heading: consider German theology in terms
Content: 

Heading: of LeRoi Jones, Malcolm X, or the
Content: 

Heading: Black Panthers.
Content: 

Heading: "Black Power seeks to change the
Content: 

Heading: structure of the black community--
Content: 

Heading: its thought forms, values, and cul
Content: 

Heading: ture. It tells black people to love
Content: 

Heading: themselves, and, by so doing, con
Content: 

Heading: fronts white racism with a mode of
Content: 

Heading: behavior
Content: 

Heading: inimical
Content: 

Heading: to
Content: 

Heading: everything
Content: 

Heading: white,"
Content: 

Heading: comments Cone, adding
Content: 

Heading: that, "America is an evil nation,
Content: 

Heading: and black people have known that
Content: 

Heading: for a long time."
Content: 

Heading: The question, however, is no long
Content: 

Heading: er between good and evil but be
Content: 

Heading: tween white and black, slave and
Content: 

Heading: (Continued on Page 3)
Content: 

Heading: In answer to this point, Dr. Gene
Content: 

Heading: Chenoweth, professor of political
Content: 

Heading: science, stated, "Higher education
Content: 

Heading: has evolved to now occur in a
Content: 

Heading: gerrymander fashion; this type of
Content: 

Heading: development, can, and, in some
Content: 

Heading: ways, has been very detrimental to
Content: 

Heading: the educational experience. "
Content: 

Heading: "Probably the biggest problem is
Content: 

Heading: the fact that college is too depart
Content: 

Heading: mentalized. We need a greater co
Content: 

Heading: operation between members of the
Content: 

Heading: University community. The curricu
Content: 

Heading: lum should be more 'wholistic' in
Content: 

Heading: approach, with a 'merged' faculty."
Content: 

Heading: When questioned further, Cheno
Content: 

Heading: weth went on to describe what he
Content: 

Heading: considers to be the first step to
Content: 

Heading: ward making the University more
Content: 

Heading: wholistic.
Content: 

Heading: "The freshman year should be
Content: 

Heading: three-fourths ungraded, where in
Content: 

Heading: stead of taking courses per se, the
Content: 

Heading: student would be taking what would
Content: 

Heading: amount to being 12 credits worth of
Content: 

Heading: freshman seminar, plus one course
Content: 

Heading: which would be necessary to the
Content: 

Heading: student, according to his probable
Content: 

Heading: course of study."
Content: 

Heading: Chenoweth felt that this kind of
Content: 

Heading: experience was necessary to make
Content: 

Heading: college entirely different from high
Content: 

Heading: school, while, at the same time, it
Content: 

Heading: would give the freshman an overall
Content: 

Heading: view of what education is all about.
Content: 

Heading: Smith then interjected the idea
Content: 

Heading: of ultimately making all four years
Content: 

Heading: like the freshman seminars and,
Content: 

Heading: possibly, only requiring the student
Content: 

Heading: to go three years to get his degree.
Content: 

Heading: During the talk, Zeller outlined
Content: 

Heading: the history of the University since
Content: 

Heading: the turn of the century, and came
Content: 

Heading: to the conclusion that public senti
Content: 

Heading: ment and alumni gifts reached a
Content: 

Heading: peak between 1955-1970. He went on
Content: 

Heading: to make it very clear that the fu-
Content: 

Heading: Phi Beta Kappa
Content: 

Heading: E M  23 Seniors
Content: 

Heading: The University chapters of Phi
Content: 

Heading: Beta Kappa national scholarship
Content: 

Heading: honorary and Delta Mu Delta, na
Content: 

Heading: tional business administration hono
Content: 

Heading: rary, have recently elected new
Content: 

Heading: members.
Content: 

Heading: Phi Beta Kappa elected 23 seniors,
Content: 

Heading: 5 juniors, and 2 alumni on April 6,
Content: 

Heading: as well as 5 additional seniors who
Content: 

Heading: were elected October 27. Official
Content: 

Heading: induction into the Society will be
Content: 

Heading: held May 11.
Content: 

Heading: Seniors elected April 6 are: David
Content: 

Heading: Bender, Linda Benner, Avis Ber
Content: 

Heading: man, Jeanne Brockmyer, Donald
Content: 

Heading: (Continued on Page 3)
Content: 

Heading: ture of American universities will
Content: 

Heading: not be an easy one.
Content: 

Heading: "Some private institutions are
Content: 

Heading: simply not going to make it through
Content: 

Heading: the next five years. A quick ex
Content: 

Heading: ample is the Brooklyn section of
Content: 

Heading: L.I.U., which is projecting a deficit
Content: 

Heading: of $7,000,000. over the next five
Content: 

Heading: years. It simply can't compete for
Content: 

Heading: students when right across the
Content: 

Heading: street is C.C.N.Y."
Content: 

Heading: Zeller did not feel that schools
Content: 

Heading: with the reputation of the University
Content: 

Heading: would be forced to fold, although
Content: 

Heading: there will definitely be some belt
Content: 

Heading: tightening necessary. An example
Content: 

Heading: of such cutting back here at the
Content: 

Heading: University is the $700,000. reduction
Content: 

Heading: in the cost of the Student Center--
Content: 

Heading: at the expense of the completion of
Content: 

Heading: the fourth floor.
Content: 

Heading: In order to rectify this degenerat-
Content: 

Heading: (Continued on Page 3)
Content: 

Heading: In discussing "The Hole of a Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity Trustee," Brandon spoke
Content: 

Heading: mainly on the composition and func
Content: 

Heading: tion of the Board. In doing so, how
Content: 

Heading: ever, he made some personal ob
Content: 

Heading: servations as to how the Board
Content: 

Heading: could be strengthened
Content: 

Heading: In addition to advocating increas
Content: 

Heading: ed student involvement, Brandon
Content: 

Heading: suggested that the Board "should
Content: 

Heading: be built according to the needs
Content: 

Heading: at this time." Presently, Brandon
Content: 

Heading: feels that there is a need for more
Content: 

Heading: educators. In this field, there should
Content: 

Heading: not only be administrative repre
Content: 

Heading: sentation, but that of the faculty as
Content: 

Heading: well. Brandon suggested that a pro
Content: 

Heading: fessor who was currently teaching
Content: 

Heading: and was "held in
Content: high

Heading: esteem"
Content: 

Heading: would be a great asset to the
Content: 

Heading: Board.
Content: 

Heading: In addition, Brandon commented
Content: 

Heading: that the orientation of new mem
Content: 

Heading: bers to the Board seemed weak.
Content: 

Heading: There was no required visit to the
Content: 

Heading: University, so many members took
Content: 

Heading: office without ever seeing the cam
Content: 

Heading: pus.
Content: 

Heading: Also, he saw a problem in "keep
Content: 

Heading: ing the trustees involved." Com
Content: 

Heading: mittee work is supposed to provide
Content: 

Heading: this involvement, but Brandon feels
Content: 

Heading: that many times it does not suffice.
Content: 

Heading: In concluding, Brandon said that
Content: 

Heading: the Board of Trustees was "basical
Content: 

Heading: ly conservative." However, final de
Content: 

Heading: cisions on any matter usually fol
Content: 

Heading: lowed the recommendation of the
Content: 

Heading: President of the University.
Content: 

Heading: In reference to 24-hr open dorms,
Content: 

Heading: Brandon said he could only express
Content: 

Heading: his personal opinion and could not
Content: 

Heading: predict the action of the Board.
Content: 

Heading: He stated, "If the President (of
Content: 

Heading: the University), would recommend
Content: 

Heading: this, and have good reasons for
Content: 

Heading: doing so, I would follow his recom
Content: 

Heading: mendation. In any case, we will
Content: 

Heading: give it serious thought
Content: 

Heading: Transcendental Expert Shows
Content: 

Heading: Purpose, Benefits of Meditation
Content: 

Heading: By G. PETEP. BALAKIAN
Content: 

Heading: "Transcendental meditation is not
Content: 

Heading: philosophy, but a technique used to
Content: 

Heading: attain aspirations," stated Kirby
Content: 

Heading: Lamotte, disciple of Maharishi Ma-
Content: 

Heading: hesh Yogi, when he spoke last
Content: 

Heading: Thursday night.
Content: 

Heading: In essence, everybody is really
Content: 

Heading: searching for the same thing. La
Content: 

Heading: motte explained, for all people wish
Content: 

Heading: to expand their horizons and liimits,
Content: 

Heading: whether it be in a spiritual way
Content: 

Heading: through God, or in a material way
Content: 

Heading: through money.
Content: 

Heading: "We are all searching for more,
Content: 

Heading: no matter what it is we seek," he
Content: 

Heading: stated. In this sense, all humans are
Content: 

Heading: similar and, generally speaking, the
Content: 

Heading: expansion of consciousness is a
Content: 

Heading: common goal for all.
Content: 

Heading: However, our outward quest be
Content: 

Heading: gins by an inward search, and, in
Content: 

Heading: this sense, transcendental medita
Content: 

Heading: tion plays an intergal role.
Content: 

Heading: It is a method by which we can
Content: 

Heading: realize the very essence of our be
Content: 

Heading: ing. "Before we have a thought, we
Content: 

Heading: must have consciousness, and an
Content: 

Heading: understanding of the self," said La
Content: 

Heading: motte.
Content: 

Heading: Why then do we meditate? Medi
Content: 

Heading: tation is a preparation for activity.
Content: 

Heading: It is not involved with aestheticism
Content: 

Heading: or any type of cult activity, but it is
Content: 

Heading: something which all people can use
Content: 

Heading: to their advantage.
Content: 

Heading: Transcendental meditation deals
Content: 

Heading: primarily in contacting the essence
Content: 

Heading: of our being and elavating the un
Content: 

Heading: derlying energy sources; which most
Content: 

Heading: people never touch upon.
Content: 

Heading: Through capturing these higher
Content: 

Heading: energy levels, one becomes more
Content: 

Heading: mentally perceptive and aware, and
Content: 

Heading: his entire being functions more ef
Content: 

Heading: ficiently.
Content: 

Heading: "By capturing these underlying
Content: 

Heading: energy levels, we can do less and
Content: 

Heading: accomplish more," added Lamotte.
Content: 

Heading: Why use only four to six per cent
Content: 

Heading: of our mental energy, when we can
Content: 

Heading: (Continued on Page 3)
Content: 

Heading: Peace Action Raises
Content: 

Heading: Defense Fnnd Honey
Content: 

Heading: The Bucknell Students for Peace
Content: 

Heading: have raised $655 for the defense
Content: 

Heading: fund for the Harrisburg 6 from their
Content: 

Heading: auction, raffle, and bake sale. The
Content: 

Heading: total is expected to increase to $800
Content: 

Heading: with donations.
Content: 

Heading: They hope for an ultimate con
Content: 

Heading: tribution of $2000, including $1000
Content: 

Heading: which they hope to raise when
Content: William

Heading: Kunstler, defense attorney,
Content: 

Heading: is on campus to speak May 4.
Content: 

Heading: According to senior Betsy Sandcl,
Content: 

Heading: "We did exceptionally well at the
Content: 

Heading: auction, considering that many of
Content: 

Heading: the students were not on campus
Content: 

Heading: this weekend."
Content: 

Heading: A piano, donated by Mrs. Zoia
Content: 

Heading: Horn, was not sold at the auction.
Content: 

Heading: Anyone interested
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: buying it
Content: 

Heading: should contact Betsy Sandel at 1732.
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: t

Heading: FROM THE EDITOR'S DESK=
Content: 

Heading: University Stocks
Content: # By JACK SCHMIDT; As we move through April, it is becoming more evident that no
    mean ingful action will be taken on the issues of corporate responsibility.
    Tomor row night's ABS discussions on Campaign GM will mark the first public
    de bate on the issue. It is questionable what effect a student government
    reso lution will have on the trustees if it is passed in the present vacuum
    of lack of consideration by other groups. (It is the trustees who make the
    decisions concerning votes or proxies). The faculty missed their chance to
    act when last week's regular meeting passed without a word concerning the
    issue. The only alternatives now open to the faculty are a referendum cr a
    special session, since the regular May meeting will be held after
    consideration of the matter by the trustees. High administration officials
    have been noticably silent and may be attempting to quietly evade the issue.
    Without any pressure from campus groups, it is unlikely that the trustees
    will be in any hurry to change their votes from last year's support of the
    General Motor's management. Neither Charles Watts or John Zeller seem to be
    willing to forcefully plead the case of Campaign GM. Watts has visited
    Detroit as a guest of the GM management, and his support of insurgent
    consumer-led proxy fights must be considered doubtful. If organized action
    does not soon begin to lobby support for Campaign GM, we will again end up
    on the side of management -- the group that tried to cut off Ralph Nader
    before he could expose some of their frad- ulent policies, the group that
    continues to keep the corporation in South Africa, and the group whose
    chairman has termed the social responsibility movement " unjust harassment"
    and a " covert danger." Corporate responsibility is surely a minor issue
    when compared to the fundamental questions which must be asked about our
    entire economic system, but if the University is going to keep its stocks,
    it would be appalling for us to remain silent while the trustees again
    support man agement. Gulf Stocks Watts has also received a letter from the
    Gulf Angola Project seeking support " in an effort to bring an end to the
    Gulf Oil Corporation's opera tions in Portugal's African colony of Angola."
    The Project is sponsored by The Task Force on Southern Africa of the United
    Presbyterian Church-- USA. The University, although selling many of its
    holdings, still holds about 2500 shares of stock worth more than $80,000.
    The Project is soliciting shareholder support for four proposals. Through
    its proxy statement, the Task Force documents the support which Gulf
    operations in Angola give to Portugal's war against Angolan self-
    determination. Portugal's colonial policies have been repeatedly con- demmed
    by the United Nations, the Organization of African Unity, and numerous
    religious, student, and community organizations throughout the world. The
    Task Force proposals have been placed on the Gulf Oil Corpora tions own
    proxy statement, which is sent to all Gulf shareholders. The Corporation's
    annual shareholders meeting will take place April 27 in Atlanta. In brief,
    the Task Force proposals would: (1) establish a com mittee to look into
    Gulf's Angolan operations and report to shareholders; (2) make Gulf's
    charitable contributions a matter of public record and thus increase
    corporate responsibility, (3) expand the Corporation s Board of Directors to
    make possible the representation of the numerous con stituencies affected by
    Gulf operations; and, most importantly (4) to ter minate the Corporation^
    operations in colonially-controlled areas, such as Angola. Although the
    project has not attained the publicity that Cam paign GM has, it should also
    get University support. The entire issue has brought attention to the impact
    of the Uni versity's finances on the system in which it operates. A full
    examination should begin into the " social acceptance"  of the University's
    stockhold ings, also considering our support of corporations which
    manufacture war materials. Lest we be guilty of overestimating our own self-
    importance, it must l>e noted that our holdings in any corporation are not
    particularly strik ing. But nevertheless, we must morally stand on the side
    of those groups attempting to whittle away at the imposing corporate
    structure of this country.

Heading: Letters
Content: 

Heading: to the
Content: 

Heading: Editor
Content: 

Heading: Hunger Walk
Content: To the Editor: I'm  writing in response to the " Hunger Walk"  article. I have
    the greatest admiration for the people who have organized the march.
    However, I feel that there is a great need for the funds in our own country.
    The American Indians, children of the Appalachian region, and the poor of
    our cities and rural areas are going hungry each day. I have driven through
    areas of the South and West where families of five or more are living in
    shacks that the people of the Lewisburg area would hesitate to put their
    tools in. I realize that helping people of other countries seems to have
    taken first place. It does seem hard for the people of the United States to
    accept the fact that children of this country live on one meal a day in some
    areas. I ask that all or part of the funds raised be used in our own
    country. We should look to our own country's needs before feeling
    responsible for the rest of the world. We must not go on feeding the rest of
    the world and let our own people go hungry. Grace and Peace! Sincerely, Chip
    Del Coro

Heading: Miss Gordon
Content: To the Editor: Chris Schroeder's compulsion to defend her supervisor was quite
    admirable, however, her letter said nothing. The facts remain that: . . . 4.
    Roberts Hall visitation, or lack of it, concerns not only those in the hall,
    but the visitors also. In our opinion, these people constitute a majority of
    the University community. 5. We were told that it is Miss Gordon who is
    responsible for all things concerning Fresh man Residence Halls. Her order
    could stop the tours from disturbing us before visi tation hours begin. Her
    word would also carry more weight with the admissions office than ours
    would. Still awaiting reply from Miss Gordon, we remain, (rudely awak ened)
    Residents of Roberts Hall.

Heading: DAVID'S GOLIATH
Content: 

Heading: Transcendental Expert
Content: 

Heading: Announcing a 'Student' Union
Content: , By DAVID H A M M E R ^ << * , The BuckneUian has learned that the soon-to-be-
    completed University Center has undergone drastic changes. It had been
    determined that the new structure would house various administrative
    offices, cafeteria services, and automated vending machines (thus spelling
    the demise of the Bison). Recently, however, an informed source in the
    Administration denied the granting of these space allotments, and further
    suggested that the University Center would, instead, consist of a concert
    hall, various recreational facilities and ample student lounges, among other
    things. The source also indicated that the building would be known as the "
    Student Union"  in order to compensate for the proposed alterations.
    Generally, then, the Student Union will perform a totally different purpose
    from that of the University Center. It seems that the building will be
    operated specifically for students--and at least three reasons were
    announced which account for the change of heart by the Administration.
    First, the Administration was persuaded that the students have long needed a
    suitable and appropriate place to congregate for concerts, strikes, and
    similar routine occurrences in this University's social life. And it was
    evidently felt that, since a building was being constructed on campus, it
    might as well be the one used for such events. Second, it was felt that a
    new cafeteria and Bison-substitute would, on the one hand, eliminate lines
    of persons waiting for meals and, on the other, standardized food service.
    Thus, students would be denied the op- portunity for complaining about
    having to wait in line and the unique ex periences of enjoying various
    degrees of Bisonburgers from uncooked (rare) to shoe-leather (well-done).
    Such denials would, unfortunately, go against University tradition, one
    source remarked. Third, because of economic uncertainty, many Administrative
    posts will be eliminated by September 1972 when the structure will
    supposedly be completed. Therefore, it was felt that new Administrative
    offices would not be needed and, consequently, other purposes for the
    building under construction were promptly considered. The students evidently
    won in the deliberations for once. But the undergraduates here must show
    that the Student Union will be well used, according to another highly placed
    Administrative source. The lounges and concert hall shall remain only if
    frequently patronized. Other wise, lounges will be converted into dormitory
    rooms* (thus sup posedly curbing the predicted housing shortages) and the
    concert hall will be turned into a full-time practice court for the varsity
    basketball team; Andy Meyer's concerts will, subsequently, be moved to Trax
    Hall lounge so the national badminton tournaments may be held year-round in
    Davis Gym (thus making Lewisburg a world-wide sports capital and ful filling
    the Athletic Department's greatest dream). It is clear, then, that the
    students have been given a vote of confidence and a test in the form of a
    building all their own -- " one small step for students. .

Heading: HEtye ptttknellian
Content: 

Heading: A Look through My Window
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the college year. Member tf
    Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription, $7.00, payable in advance.
    Entered as second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the post office ut
    Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON -- Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES
Content: 

Heading: MUSSMAN
Content: Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: SCOTT GEBRARDT
Content: National Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features

Heading: TOM NOVINGER
Content: News Assistant

Heading: JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: DAVE STEIN
Content: Local Adv. Manager

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any issue and take a stand we deem In the best interest of the
    University, to treat every issue with the responsibility that is accorded us
    in a free society, to be constructively critical when necessary as well as
    lauda tory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and
    integrity. Editorials appearing on this page reflect the consensus opinion
    of the editorial board. Signed columns present the views only o f the
    authors. All letters should be adressed to the Editor, and must be received
    no later than Saturday noon for publication in the Tuesday edition and
    Wednes day noon for publication in the Friday edition. All letters must be
    signed and typed double-spaced: however, names may be withheld upon request.
    The Editor reserves the right to choose all letters for publication, and to
    edit any letter chosen for reasons of space restrictions, grammatical change
    and offensive language.. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL. ADVERTISING 8 V

Heading: National Educational Advertising Services
Content: A DIVISION OF R E A D E R 'S  D IG E S T  S A L E S  S  S E R V IC E S , INC .
    360 Lexington Ave., New York, N. Y. 10017 O fflco: Focht Printing Co., 229
    Market Street, 523*4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524*1221 By RICK VANCE It
    was early evening as I headed for my room. The dimly lit strip of pockmarked
    macadam that separated the academic and nonacademic worlds was blanketed in
    the silhouettes of tall oaks and parked cars, as though recuperating before
    another day's pummeling. The night hid the avenue's wounds beneath shadowy
    bandaids that betrayed themselves only to my feet, and as the old redbrick
    dormitory that functioned as my academic home came suddenly into view, I
    began counting my footsteps. Forty steps brought me to the junction of Davis
    Avenue and Mitchell Road where I turned the comer and glanced at the window
    of my fourth floor room. The room was brightly lit, and I wondered if the ac
    quaintance I had made one week earlier was watching my approach and playing
    the game I had played so often. Using the leaves of the tree outside my
    window as peripheral knives I had cut the passersby into sliv- vers by
    adjusting my line of sight. Head, torso, legs. I sectioned them anatomically
    and saw only what I wanted to see. Occasionally when both leaves and sub
    jects were situated perfectly I had been able to achieve an ideal merging:
    the rugged body of one of the town's steelworkers with the head of a fellow
    student. But such opportunities were rare, for the townspeople gen erally
    avoided the campus. When I arrived at my room hardhat Chuck Fletcher was
    sitting at my desk, staring out the window. He was wearing large, steel-
    reinforced boots, dungarees, and We shook hands, and he smiled nervously. I
    said, " Well, we've hit poverty and Vietnam, why don't we talk about
    prejudice?" He nodded, and I continued. " Like why isn't there a single
    black in your town?" " I guess we don't want 'em around. Besides it's all
    white, and. . ." " The reason it's all white is because you discourage
    blacks from living there. Why? Because their skin's a different color, or
    are you afraid they'll take your jobs?" " Both,"  he admitted, startling me,
    I hadn't expected him to concede this point so readily. " Plus,"  he con
    tinued, " they're troublemakers. Look at Philly. Look what they did there!"
    " That's Philly, not here. You mean you know what's causing your prejudice
    and you still won't change?" " Fear is fear,"  he said. '" Just because you
    know why you fear a lion doesn't mean you're not gonna fear it next time it
    comes around. If we let one colored family move in, pretty soon others will
    start moving in, and then this place'll be like Philly." '" It doesn't have
    to be like Philly." " Look what's happened everywhere else." " That's past
    tense! You can't go by that)" " What are we supposed ta go by, the future?
    We have our families to think about." " So what? Having blacks in your town
    will benefit you in the long run." Just like it benefitted Philly. Hell, we
    can't give

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: APRIL 13, 1971 a heavy brown coat that made ^ u l t o s  seem e^m (tm) mTans ^ g
    away fPS m more massive than they had appeared one week earlier ,, ,, when
    he had talked for nearly fifteen minutes in the . ___ town's only department
    store. At that time we had ex- Fuck your families. Fuck em all. Why^must you
    changed n L ies ages, likes and dislikes over the final be <<> goddamn
    stupid about everything? C b r ^ i t s minutes o fT t e ie v L d  football
    game. People like you that make this country a pile of shit> Except for our
    mutual regard for the Green Bay He held my eyes for several seconds. He was
    angry Packers we had little in common. He was a twenty- but not as angry as
    me. And you, he said softly, five year old weld<<- who admired Agnew and
    Billy '" what about you. Graham, and hated liberals and crime, which I soon
    When hardhat Chuck Fletcher left my room after discovered he considered to
    be one and the same. I two minutes of stormy silence, I watched him from my
    was a twenty-year old college sophomore who esteemed window until he reached
    Davis Avenue. Then when he genuine liberals and loathed Vice-President,
    Evangelist, had reached a certain point I adjusted my line of sight and
    crime, which, as no doubt he soon discovered, I felt and using a convenient
    cluster of oak leaves cut off his to be inexorably linked. head from his
    body. (Continued from Page 1) contact energy resources that will allow us to
    act so much more ef ficiently? Thus, contact with the field of being is a
    preparation for action. The concept of apathy and non-ac tion often
    associated with medita tion are misconceptions which have been mistranslated
    from Eastern thought. The idea that one must renounce the material for the
    spiritual is wrong. The duality of spiritual and material which has divided
    us in our present society can be unified be meditation. Transcendental
    meditation inte grates one's active life with one's spiritual life, because,
    through med itation, one can act more efficiently. Lamotte concluded by
    explaining that one of society's problems lies in the constant efforts to
    solve our problems through social and eco nomic institutions. " This is fine
    only to a degree, but we must get to the individual, for the atmosphere of a
    country is a reflection of the inner condition of its individuals. We must
    learn to in tegrate our technological advance ments with a knowledge of our
    selves," Lamotte explained. In its normal state, our nervous system is
    enlightened, but, as a re sult of external tensions and anxie ties, its
    degree of efficiency has been damaged, and our potential for action has been
    lessened.

Heading: Phi Beta Kappa
Content: (Oontinued from Page 1) Bucher, David Carter, Susan Cham berlin, Paula Desio,
    Andrew Hig gins, Elinor Jackson, Carl Johnson. Also included are: Helen
    Koons, Richard Levine, Albert Lilienfield, Cheryl Martin Davis, Savian Nicho
    las, Roxanna Palmatier, Marc Pos ner, Lynne Rogerson, Jeffrey Sher- win,
    Michael Sigman, Bonnie Spring, and Michael Sussman. Seniors elected October
    27 in clude: Doreen Bolger, Joan Ger- rity, David Hill, Ellen Morris, and
    Philip Winne. Juniors elected include: Kenneth Freeman, Thomas Hoye, Thomas
    Mattem, Cheryl McCoy, and Kay Smith. Alumni members elected are: Mrs. Mary
    Malone McClelland Lago '40 and Mrs. Carl Emil Johnson '47.

Heading: Skydivers
Content: There will be a meeting of the Bison Skydivers on Thursday, April 15 at 7:30
    p.m. in room 101B Cole man. At this time a movie on sky diving will be
    shown.

Heading: HOUSE NEED PAINTING?
Content: 

Heading: INTERIOR O R  EXTERIOR
Content: experienced students seek part lime summer employment Contact BOB RAYMOND 523-
    7401 or ERIC LeROY 524-1357

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    A small fee is charged

Heading: Becker Motor Co. - VW
Content: Through meditation we can culti vate our nervous system; thus, we will establish
    a greater potential for activity which will make our lives more meaningful
    and worth while.

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Forum
Content: (Continued from Page 1) ing fiscal situation, tuition is going to continue to go
    up in the future. Stated Zeller, " Tuition is going to keep rising until the
    student quota of the University can no longer be realized." What then? He
    was asked what the chances were that this school would become a state
    school. In response, Zeller stated quite em phatically that the opportunity
    for such action was unlikely so long as this institution was more than 50%
    non-Pennsylvania residents. " I don't think it is one of our viable
    alternatives. We are going to have to look elsewhere for increased in come."
    In conclusion, Mr. Zeller felt that " so long as there is a place for the
    secondary level private or 'Prep' school, Bucknell will be able to fill its
    classrooms. However, we do run the risk of becoming a very elitist
    institution, with only students who can personally afford to come here."

Heading: RTS. 11 & 15-- SELINSGROVE
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 743-1514
Content: 

Heading: SALES
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE --  PARTS
Content: 

Heading: COMPLETE TOWING
Content: 

Heading: & BODY SHOP WORK
Content: t *

Heading: Cone
Content: 

Heading: Indigo
Content: Independent women who have ex pressed an interest in securing a position on
    Indigo's steering com mittee will meet tonight, at 8:00 in Swartz B, room
    428. Any other indepen4*>>it women who are interested in positions on
    Indigo's steering committee are also asked to attend or contact Betsy Nolan,
    1082.

Heading: Speaker
Content: Mr. George Isachenko, editor of SOVIET LIFE magazine will ap pear at the
    University Friday, April 16 at 7 p.m. in Olin Science Auditorium. He will
    speak on " The Ninth Soviet Five-Year-Plan."  After his speech he will
    answer questions from the audience. The program is sponsored by The Program
    in Rus sian of Buckneil's Department of Modern Languages, Literatures and
    Linguistics.

Heading: Carnival
Content: The C.A. is sponsoring a Carnival at Laurelton on night, April 23. 30 people are
    to run the booths, to assist games, and to pop popcorn, portation will be
    provided, would like to come, please Spring Friday needed in the Trans- U
    you contact Dawn Maurer (3046) or the C.A. (3486).

Heading: Colloquy
Content: There will be an organizational meeting for next fall's Resident Col loquy at
    4:00 p.m. on Wednesday, April 14, in the C.A. corner room. If you are
    interested in working on Colloquy and cannot attend the meeting, call Bill
    Wood at 1793.

Heading: Summer School
Content: Students may pick up 1971 sum mer school brochures in the English Department
    Office in Vaughan lit. Building.

Heading: COR Weekend Focuses on War
Content: 

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: (Continued from Page 1) master. Cone thus differentiates " white questions,"
    saying " When whites ask me, 'Are you for violence?' my rejoinder is: 'Whole
    violence? Rich ard Nixon or his victims? The Mis sissippi State Police of
    the students at Jackson State? The Chicago Police or the Black Panthers?
    What the hell are you talking about,?" He calls violence " what white people
    did when they created a society for white people only, and what they do in
    order to maintain it." Agreeing with Rap Brown, he says, " Violence is
    American as cherry pie, as the whole social structure which outwardly
    appears to be ordered and respectable is inwardly " ridden by psychopathic
    obsessions and delusions -- racism and hate." Blacks should, according to
    Cone, fight under God's purpose for man, for the oppressed, for liberation,
    and for the opening of possibilities, even if it means death.

Heading: SILC0 STORE
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: .

Heading: LADIES ANKASHEER
Content: 

Heading: PANTY HOSE
Content: 

Heading: FOR 89c
Content: 

Heading: LADIES SHADY LANE
Content: 

Heading: D R E S S E S
Content: 

Heading: FOR $8.50
Content: 

Heading: DIVISION OF
Content: 

Heading: JONTHAN LOGAN
Content: 

Heading: For The Men We Have A New
Content: 

Heading: LINE OF MEN'S
Content: 

Heading: SPORT COATS
Content: 

Heading: At The Low Price Of
Content: 

Heading: $24.98
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: pregnancies up to 12 weeks
Content: 

Heading: terminated from
Content: 

Heading: $175.00
Content: 

Heading: Medication, Lab Tests, Doc
Content: 

Heading: tors fees included. Hospital &
Content: 

Heading: Hospital affiliated clinics.
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 7-8803
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours - 7 days
Content: 

Heading: PHYSICIANS REFERRAL
Content: W e know we can help you. even if it's just to talk to someone.

Heading: Steamed t a
Content: 

Heading: EVERY WEDNESDAY and
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY 7 p.m. 'til ?????
Content: 

Heading: TOWN TAVERN
Content: 

Heading: 600 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: se ttcscxjisisocxjixxxxjixxscxsaix (Continued from Page 1) member of COR, will
    present a film entitled, " War's Children"  and answer questions from the
    floor. Mary Emeny, one of the national coordinators of the People's Peace
    Treaty, will discuss the possibilities offered by this document. She has
    lived in Vietnam while working in an orphanage there and is fluent in the
    language. Miss Emeny has also served in Paris as a liason for Bud dhists in
    Exile. There will also be a panel dis cussion with Gene Chenoweth, pro
    fessor of political science, Charles Longley assistant professor of po
    litical science, and Thompson Brad ley, from Swarthmore College. They will
    discuss the history and ecology problems of Indochina, as well as discuss
    present-day Cambodia and Laos. A discussion concerning the pos sibilities
    and attitudes necessary for involvement in civil disobedience, in part
    directed toward the specific situations planned for the first week of May in
    Washington, will be led by Bidge McKay, representative of Friends' Peace
    Committee. Ralph Stein, former Army Intel ligence agent, currently investiga
    tor for Senator Ervin's Senate In quiry into Surveillance, will dis cuss the
    extent of surveillance by the government of ordinary citizens. Richard
    Drinnon, professor of his tory, will moderate a panel of Viet nam veterans
    who will discuss their role there and the implications of and possibilities
    for war crime

Heading: A.B.S.
Content: 

Heading: Agenda
Content: ABS AGENDA, Thursday, April 15 Committee appointment to the Board of Review of
    Academic Regulation. Elect three students to Committee on Academic Review.
    Motion regarding Campaign GM. Consideration of ABS Ratification of People's
    Peace Treaty. Reminder; Newly elected at-large members and class officers as
    sume responsibilities starting with this meeting.

Heading: r.
Content: ------------ - --------------------------------------------------------- --
    ---------

Heading: Corsages --
Content: ------------------------- -------
    ------------------------------------------------------------- ---

Heading: - Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: # - ---------- ------ -- --

Heading: 524-9933
Content: trials. A dialogue on " Prisoners of Con science"  will be presented by John
    Hogan, one of the Catonsville Nine, and Helen (Mrs. George) Miche, wife of a
    member of the Caton- ville Nine. The Bucknell Students for Peace, in a
    released statement of purpose, briefly discussed what in involved in " The
    Web of the War." " This conflict (Vietnamese War), this undeclared war,
    kills people and perverts society not only in ways traditionally sanctioned
    by warring nations but in ways in creasingly more pervasive and an-
    nihilative. " In Indochina, children and wo men are routinely slaughtered
    and maimed; the fabric of village life and the continuity of tribal culture
    are obliterated, while the soil and water are poisoned for years to come.
    The defense of such a war neces sarily brutalizes the American citi zen;
    repression of dissent increases, the jails fill with political prisoners,
    while the nation averts its eyes from its problems of poverty, racism, and
    the inner city. " Both Indochina and America need a genuine morality, a sane
    economy, and a healthy culture. But these goals cannot be achieved until
    this war and its justifications halt."

Heading: STRRI1D
Content: 

Heading: SUNBURY, P A
Content: 

Heading: NOW  PLAYING
Content: Weekdays at 7 8c 9 Sat. from 1 pun. Sun. from 2 pun.

Heading: DON'T FORGET T H E
Content: 

Heading: .........................
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: PIZZAS, HOAGIES, SANDWICHES, SOFT DRINKS
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY'S --  523-9251
Content: 

Heading: All Deliveries C.O.D. to individual rooms
Content: 

Heading: Sunday thru Thursday
Content: 

Heading: --------
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 to Midnight
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: of living . . .  . . You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: EUROPE for $199.00
Content: 

Heading: 8 JUNE 5 -- AUGUST 26
Content: 

Heading: _____________
Content: 

Heading: LONDON $199.
Content: a

Heading: R JULY 9 -- AUGUST 2 3
Content: 

Heading: _____________
Content: 

Heading: LONDON $219
Content: 

Heading: SS
Content: 

Heading: CALL SALLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: (Open only to B ucknell Students and Educational Staff- Price Based on 60 Seats)
    - 8 PLRAMQUW PCHBPSI * 5 SPSW

Heading: Ali MacGraw * Ryan O'Neal
Content: Tb hull * 1 Bett Sil!V A HOWARD G. MINSKY -ARTHUR MUER Producta

Heading: John Marley & Ray Milland
Content: M H  SEGAL ARTHUR HILLER HOWARD 6 MINSKY taMltaftW RCOUX DMD601DEN FRANCIS LAI..
    >>AWuwwtncMi

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: APRIL 13, 1971

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: raM a

Heading: Supreme Courtsters
Content: 

Heading: Racketmen Smash Kent State;
Content: 

Heading: Squeeze by Delaware Netmen
Content: 

Heading: Stickmen Rally in
Content: 

Heading: Battle with F& M
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXm -  NO. 42
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. APRIL 16. 1971
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE The Bison racketeers chalked up two more victories to bring
    their season record to 4-0. The netmen defeated Kent State at home 7-2 on
    Friday and then traveled to Dela ware where they eked out a narrow 5-4 win.
    Last year the Bisons were the only team to defeat the Blue Hens. The Big
    Blue now have won 19 matches in a row since 1969. Junior Steve Baird is
    undefeated for the season at number one singles. Behind him at number two
    singles, captain Alex Anderson also remains undefeated with a winning streak
    of 26 in a row over the past seasons. Baird and Anderson also teamed up to
    take easy decisions from the number one doubles posi tion and hold a two
    year mark of 14-0. Junior Jim Lackritz has helped bolster the tennis team's
    attack as he carries a season record of 4-0 in the number three singles and
    has teamed up with Keith Kimball to stand undefeated in the number two
    doubles slot. Coach Reynolds expressed disap pointment in the team's self
    dis cipline in their match against the Delaware Blue Hens. " We weren't

Heading: Bison Baseball line Win First
Content: 

Heading: Against Leopard Biamondmen
Content: concentrating on playing tennis but were worried about other things in stead."
    One of the obvious factors affect ing the team's concentration was the wind
    which buffeted the ball all over the playing area. Coach Reynolds commented,
    " We must work harder on our game especially in the lower singles slots and
    the number three doubles posi tion. I'm still searching for a satis factory
    combination. Now that the weather has warmed up, I 'm sure all of our games
    will improve." The netmen travel to Gettysburg tomorrow and then face Rider
    at home on Saturday. Reynolds is worried about Rider, ''They have two top
    players in the first two single slots and the number one doubles position.
    It will take a real team effort to beat them." By KEN DOAK The Bison
    glovemen finally broke into the win column Saturday with a 2-0 opening-game
    decision over Lafayette before bowing 7-2 in the nightcap. Coach Tommy
    Thompson is still waiting for the BU bats to break out, as his team has yet
    to score more than 2 runs in a game. In the opener, Herd hurler Tony
    Zidansek was the story as he dom inated throughout. He gave up only 2 hits
    while picking up his second complete game. The Bisons scored both runs in
    the initial inning, as Bemie Ber- ninger walked and Chris Riley was hit by a
    pitch. Mike Marinchak and John Rudolph followed with run scoring singles.
    Loser Jim Van der Beek and Zi dansek matched zeroes the rest of the way as
    BU prevailed 2-0. The Leopards finally got on the scoreboard in the second
    game as they scored twice with the help of a walk, a late throw to the
    plate, and an error. They scored again in the third when Rex Peters belted a
    run-scor ing double. Four more runs in the fourth inning gave Lafayette a
    com manding 7-0 lead. The Bisons got their two runs in the sixth when Bob
    Scherer, John Rayhack, and Bill Mathews drew walks, and Gene Luccarelli
    ripped a double into right-center. George Schneider notched the win for the
    visitors with a fine two- hitter, while Bill Gaito absorbed the loss. One
    other note of interest was the debut of John Rayhack at first base,
    following recovery from a football knee injury he suffered two seasons ago.
    Bucknell's team batting average now stands at .117, with Rudolph (.333) and
    Riley (.286), leading the regulars. Zidansek's 0.69 ERA is tops among the
    pitchers. The Bisons played Temple today at home they attempted to better
    their 1-4 record. The facilities of Davis Gym are now open for use by
    individual students until 10 p.m. on week- nights unless they are being used
    for a campus event such as intra murals or concerts. By ALAN GROCHAL In a
    game not to be long forgot ten by BU fans, the laxmen de feated Franklin and
    Marshall in sudden death overtime 10-9, Satur day. Behind by as many as two
    goals on several occasions, the Bisons came storming back time sifter time
    and tied the score for good, with only 53 seconds remaining in regulation
    play on a goal by Kevin McCabe assisted by Lou Kissling. The Herd then
    battled F & M through two-four minute overtime periods without scoring, to
    send the game into sudden death. Shortly in to the sudden death period, Dan
    Nourse put a happy end to the 3 hour marathon game by sending home a goal
    assisted by Kissling. Co-captain Kissling displayed out standing ability to
    set up team mates. He garnered 6 assists, as well as scoring a goal himself.
    The Bisons' 9 assisted goals gives an indication of their excellent team
    work. Since Franklin and Marshall en tered the contest undefeated, the
    victory was especially sweet for the laxmen who are now 2-1. This win should
    give the Herd impetus for their next two games at Syracuse and Rutgers.
    Rutgers began the season as one of the top ten Lacrosse teams in the nation,
    but recently the Scarlet Knights have lost to Army and Adelphia. Encouraging
    is the fact that the Herd outshot F & M by over a 2 to 1 margin. In last
    week's loss to Lehigh, the Bisons were slightly out- shot by the Engineers.
    Individually, Franklin and Marsh all's goalie, Steve Revell, was very
    impressive with many outstanding saves. For BU, Curt Torrell and Kevin
    McCabe each contributed two goals. Bison Goalie Jim Tonges had a rough
    afternoon with only 7 saves, but this can be partially accredited to F & M's
    few number of shots. Midfielder Curt Torrell felt that Franklin and Marshall
    was a better ballclub than Lehigh. " F  & M used a great variety of plays
    and man aged to find the open man very well." he remarked. Lou Kissing, who
    was subpar for the Lehigh game, was virtually 100% for F  & M and his good
    health could spell trouble for the laxmen's future opponents.

Heading: Chris Riley: Herd's Hard Hitting Cager
Content: 

Heading: Hens Beat Cindermen
Content: By MARK KNODERER The Delaware track team dealt the Bison cindermen a stunning
    90- 55 defeat last Saturday. In a meet which would have been much closer,
    few Bisons duplicated their recent performances due, in part, to the cold
    and windy weather and the letdown after the big win over Dick inson last
    Thursday. Coach Gulden had counted on the strength of his distance runners
    and the field events to overcome Delaware's strength in the sprints. This
    strategy did not quite work out, as the Blue Hens actually out- scored the
    Herd in the field events, lost marginally in the distance events, and
    cleaned up in the sprints. Delaware had three sprinters named Dave Smith,
    Dennis Collins, and Carlos Williams who swept the 100, 220, and helped win
    the 440 yard relay. In addition the Hens swept the 120 high hurdles, won the
    mile relay, and placed 1-3 in the 440. In these six events the Bisons were
    outscored 43-3. In the longer distances things went a little better. " Doc"
    Hagerty and John Lamer placed 1-2 in the mile, while Scott Bartram and Hag
    erty placed 1-3 in the two mile. Rick Francel and Lamer placed 1-3 in the
    880, and John Newman and Steve Dautel finished 2-3 in the 440 intermediate
    hurdles. The men in the field events had an especially difficult time
    because a junior varsity meet was being run simultaneously and the
    additional time between efforts and the wea ther forced most of the
    participants to warm up before every attempt. The brightest spot was in the
    discus where Mitch Farbstein set a new school record of 152'2%" , and Kevin
    McCartney followed with a fine effort of 147' 1 Bob Smith won the triple
    jump in 46'7%" , twice missing his record by half an inch. Doug Nauman and
    Jim Hedden placed 2-3 in the javelin, and Len Dillinger and Randy Mattison
    placed similarly in the high jump. Tarris Onischenko finished second in the
    shot and Dillinger was second in the long jump. Hedden rounded out the Bison
    scoring by taking third in the pole vault. The cindermen will, however,
    forget the past and look to the future. The team met Juniata yes terday and
    Gulden expected a vic tory, which would even the team's record at 2-2, This
    Saturday they travel to Lafayette before return ing home next Monday to face
    Al bright. By DAVE COULTER Although Bucknell has not at tained the
    reputation of being a major athletic powerhouse, the cover 6f the NCAA 1971
    Baseball Guidebook displays the figure of a Bison player. This player has
    hit .448 and .415, placing him 4th and 13th in the nation, in his last two
    seasons with the Herd. He has also been co-captain of the Blue basket ball
    squad; he is of course senior Chris Riley. While this year's baseball squad
    has a slow start, Chris holds high hopes for a successful season. He
    explains, " This year's pitching is as strong as I have seen it at Bucknell,
    and the hitting is strong throughout our first eight positions; together we
    should have an effective Bison nine. " We have had a schedule prob lem,"
    Chris relates. " 'This year our MAC games are at the begin ning of the
    season and we haven't had time to warm up yet. I think that we could have
    defeated Lehigh later in the season. The weather has also been bad; at Penn
    State it snowed the whole game and that was extremely adverse to hitting.
    However, we have at least shown signs of making contact with the balT; they
    just have not been fall ing in." " I am more baseball oriented

Heading: Soccer
Content: There will be a meeting for any one interested in playing in a spring soccer
    league on April 13 at 7:00 p.m. in the Davis Gym Classroom. than
    basketball,"  Chris explains. " I enjoy basketball more, but have always
    done better at baseball. Baseball has come more naturally, therefore I am
    more at ease with it. I have had to work harder at basketball to produce."
    As to future Bison basketball pro spects, he predicts, " The next two years
    in basketball will be among the best Bucknell has ever seen. Coach Smith has
    been able to re late to the players, and they will go further than ever
    before. With Carter, Kerr, Damall, Donovan and Greenwood the Bisons will
    have a good shot at the MAC title." Commenting on recent criticism of Coach
    Smith, Chris said, " I was at first a bit wary of Coach Smith, but in my
    junior year and especial ly my senior year, I feel Coach Smith gave all the
    ball players a real fair deal. He didn't try to rule their lives and they
    had a chance to play as they wanted to. "There was criticism about play ing
    a slow game in the Bucknellian, but Coach Smith did not specify a slow game
    against Delaware. It was the individuals' fault that things didn't work.
    Coach Smith is behind a fast break and good shot offense, but we didn't have
    the experience to run and shoot." " I was really disappointed in our
    basketball fans this year. They have treated the basketball team unfair ly
    and have let the team down. I think Coach Smith is as adequate a coach as
    anyone could ask for. If the fans would bet behind the team, Bucknell could
    become a basketball power. Our fans have only shown their triteness by their
    lack of sup port. " In the last home game (where the Bisons were heavy
    underdogs to Rutgers), I  felt the spirit of the crowd for the first time
    and that was probably one-half of the reason we did so well. The fan support
    was forcing us to play well." Chris has " really enjoyed"  him self here and
    plans to attend law school next year unless he ''gets a baseball contract
    attractive enough to make me accept it." While the baseball Bisons have an
    uphill battle to fight if they are to be in the running for the MAC crown,
    they have, in the eyes of their catcher, the talent to " do the job."  All
    that remains is for the team to jell and for the power of Chris Riley and
    the Bison sluggers to begin to take its toll. Hopefully the Bisons will
    discover the magic which will allow them as a team to utilize their talents
    toward their goal of a successful MAC season.

Heading: -WHATS
Content: 

Heading: PLATINO?-
Content: 

Heading: W
Content: 

Heading: POST ON
Content: 

Heading: BULLETIN BOARD
Content: j

Heading: STARTING W EDNESDAY
Content: 

Heading: ACADEMY AWARD NOMINEE
Content: 

Heading: Glenda Jackson
Content: 

Heading: FREE INFORMATION
Content: 

Heading: SAFE. LEGAL
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T I O N
Content: 

Heading: IN NEW  YORK
Content: 

Heading: Scheduled Immediately
Content: (212) TR 8562

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: 

Heading: CERTIFIED
Content: 

Heading: ABORTON REFERRAL
Content: All Inquiries Confidential

Heading: THF.
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: APR IL 13, 1971

Heading: A professional
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T I O N
Content: 

Heading: that is safe, legal &
Content: 

Heading: inexpensive
Content: can be set up on an outpatient basis by calling

Heading: The Problem Pregnancy
Content: 

Heading: Referral Service
Content: 

Heading: 215
Content: -

Heading: 722-5360
Content: 24 hours-- 7 days lor professional, confidential and caring help -in-

Heading: "WOMEN IN LOVE"
Content: ONE EVENING PERFORMANCE AT 7:00

Heading: Plus _
Content: 

Heading: Plus --  Plus --  Plus --  Plus -- * Plus
Content: 

Heading: ACADEMY AWARD NOMINEE
Content: 

Heading: "THE LANDLORD"
Content: ONE EVENING PERFORMANCE AT 9:15

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: CLASSY-FYED ads are run at a rate of 5c per word, per inser tion, with a minimum
    charge of $1.00. All ads should be submit ted - twpewritten by Sat. noon for
    Tuesday's paper and Wed nesday noon for Friday's paper.

Heading: PAYMENT MUST
Content: 

Heading: ACCOMPANY AD.
Content: 

Heading: TENNIS RACKET STRINGING --
Content: on best equipment in area. 24 hour service most days. Contact Greg Freeman at
    KDR. FOR SALE -- Golf clubs - set of four woods and 3 irons and bag. Also
    filing cabinets and type writer desk. Call 524-1307 or 2472. FOR SALE --
    Scott 299T 82 watt solid state stereo amplifier. Ex cellent condition, $95.
    Call Ray at 1529. FOR SALE -- '63 Triumph Herald. Good condition, new paint
    last year. Call 524-2301. FOR SALE -- Teac A-1200U Stereo Tape Deck. 3
    motors, 2 speeds, echo, sound on sound, 3 separate heads. Excellent
    condition. Call John Anthony 3079. GARAGE SALE -- Friday, April 16, 12 noon
    to 9 p.m. & Saturday, Apr 17, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., 26 South 3rd St., Lewisburg.
    Furniture, baby equipment, toys, man's bike, puz zles, clothing, camping
    equipment, Apache tent trailer, vaporizer, kitchenware, dart board.

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: 'Che Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY, LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Shannon Becomes Professor, Advisor
Content: 

Heading: Student Body Elects
Content: 

Heading: New Class Officers
Content: 

Heading: Faculty Appoints Black
Content: The Association of Bucknell Stu dents at-large and class officer i elections
    held Tuesday saw little change in personnel as many in cumbents retained
    their offices. In the class of '72, Jack Hart re - tained his position
    beating Don Dickson 191-106; Mike Shineberg also remains beating out Vince
    Shook 203-97; Patty DiNatale lost to Pam Swartz 150-140, for secre tary-
    treasurer. Next year's junior class saw act ing president EUen Carter nose
    out Rick Edwards and Neil Hendershot, 91-80-79; in the fairly wide open race
    for vice-president Rod Edwards prevailed as he tallied 109 votes against his
    opponents Steve Boyer, Steve Dystra, Andy Lesser, * and Chri Martens.
    Unapposed Frank Kirkland was re-elected as secre tary treasurer. The class
    of '74 saw the most in teresting race for president as Tom Wells, the
    incumbent narrowly avoided defeat to Steve Valenti W i ns; Jim Nevels scored
    a resound ing victory over Clair Wheeler by a vote of 253-167; Carol Wolf
    was victorious over Doug McCord 303- 171. The percentage breakdowns by class
    of the number of students voting was as follows: 60% of the freshmen, 50% of
    the sophomores, and 40% of the juniors. The at-large voting saw little
    overall change in the complexion of ABS as Lou Bucceri (393), Len Clayton
    (377), Pete Holmes (327), and Suzie Grant (307) retained posi tions, while
    Janet Russo (325), who had been an alternate, captured the other spot. Since
    in the past it was found that only having two alternates caused problems,
    the number was increas ed to 5. They are, in order, Ed Feible, Dave Stacy,
    Norb Church, Rich Levine, and Gary Firestone.

Heading: To Serve in Dual Role
Content: By NANCY GRDEN " If a black has the security of knowing who he is, then he does
    not necessarily need a black setting in which to affirm himself," stated
    David T. Shannon, who has received the faculty appointment of associ ate
    professor of religion, effective this July. He will serve also as an advisor
    to students, especially for the As sociation of Blacks for Progress.

Heading: Synchronettes
Content: Synchronettes pool talents to present a flaming performance of " Aqua- strology"
    tomorrow at 7:30 and Sunday at 2:00. (Photo by Ed Mars ton) Shannon received
    his A.B. from Virginia Union University in 1954, his Bachelor of Divinity
    from Vir ginia Union School of Religion in 1957, and his Master's Degree in
    Sacred Theology from Oberlin Grad uate School of Theology in 1959. He is
    presently working on his dissertation in Wisdom Literature for his Doctorate
    in Sacred The ology at Catholic University of America. Under the auspices of
    the Ameri can Baptist Convention, Shannon served as the East Coast Director
    of Higher Educational Services as consultant on black studies for a number
    of small liberal arts col leges. He has served as co-ordinator of a
    conference on black students of small universities at the University of
    Chicago in 1970, through the American Baptist Convention. He has also spoken
    at several schools on the topic of black studies. In an appearance on campus
    last Friday, Shannon commented on his interest in black studies. " I hope to
    be working with the Committee m Differently Prepared Students, as a faculty
    member interested in black studies. " I feel it is commendable that the
    Committee is thoroughly studying the various black studies programs which
    could be instituted, ranging from a specific black studies depart ment to
    some sort of adjunct pro gram to supplement the curriculum. ''It is also a
    good idea to look at

Heading: Drinnon Subpoenaed
Content: Yesterday, Dr. Richard Drinnon, chairman of the History depart ment, was
    subpoenaed by the Har risburg Grand Jury which has in dicted the so-called
    Harrisburg 6 for conspiracy. The Grand Jury has already heard the testimony
    of four other members of the Uni versity community, Zoia Horn, Pat Rohm,
    Betsy Sandel, and Jane Hoover. He will be called to the stand to testify on
    Monday. William Gardner, a senior here, has also been served a subpeona to
    testify.

Heading: Psych Honorary
Content: 

Heading: Sorveys Prisons
Content: 

Heading: pe
Content: 

Heading: 0
Content: 

Heading: ple's Peace Treaty Fails to Secure
Content: 

Heading: T.ATTRTF, BUTCHER
Content: i "

Heading: Student Body Support by Slim Margin
Content: By LAURIE BUTCHER The local chapter of Psi Chi, the national Psychology
    honorary, will sponsor a program dealing with the prison system tomorrow.
    Bob Neubauer, chairman of the planning committee, said, " The pur pose of
    the program is to confront members of the community with a relevant social
    issue. The nature of the prison system should cause the social scientist,
    particularly, to re- emamine his values and theories." The highlight of the
    program will be author David Greenberg's speech " A  Fish's-eye View of
    Criminal Jus- (Continued on Page 5) By ROBERT WENDEL News Analysis Why did
    the People's Peace Treaty fail to gain student support here at the
    University? Probably the first question which should be asked is what is the
    treaty. Judging from the comments made to this reporter, most people didn't
    even know what they were being asked to ratify.

Heading: Shapp Signs Senate Bill
Content: 

Heading: For Scholarship Monies
Content: Gy LYNDA ROSCOE On April 2, Governor Milton J. *  Shapp signed into law Senate
    Bill 18 to provide $25.7 million to fund second semester state scholarship
    grants. In addition, $527,000 to bolster the state student loan fund and
    $500,- 000 for matching money to procure federal work-study grants were ap
    propriated as part of the bill's measures. The funds had been delayed for
    approximately two months due to inaction in the State Senate and House of
    Representatives. Early in March, when the funds had not yet been granted,
    Governor Shapp asked that the 87,000 state scholarship students at the 1400
    in stitutions involved be extended V credit. He asked that the institu tions
    resist proposals to force these students to pay their bills or leave school.
    Processing of the scholarship pay ments has already begun. Dr. John

Heading: C.
Content: Hayward, director of financial aid, reported that the school had recently
    received a check for a lump sum of $116,153 from the Pen nsylvania Higher
    Education Assist ance Agency. This amount covers grants for the 300 students
    here re ceiving PHEAA assistance during the current semester. He noted that
    the process for ap proving grants for next year has begun. The deadline for
    applications is May 1. Hayward explained that if the money is available,
    award notices will be received in June, although he said that in all
    probability, they will be delayed until August. The major points of the
    treaty were as follows: 1) " The Ameri cans agree to total withdrawal, and
    to publicly set the date for such withdrawal" . Discussions (will en sue) to
    guarantee the safety of withdrawing troops, and secure re lease of all
    military prisoners; 2) " Americans will pledge to stop imposing (the Thieu
    govern ment) on the people of Vietnam, and the Vietnamese will form a
    provisional coalition government to organize democratic elections, and enter
    into discussions to guarantee the safety and political freedom of persons
    who cooperated with either side in the war;" 3) Both countries agree to
    respect the independence of Iaos and Cam bodia." As can be seen the document
    is not very specific, however, it is also not very radical in nature.
    However, many people on campus found it too objectionable to ratify (the
    vote was 571-534 against the treaty. In general those who voted against the
    treaty did so on the basis that either the document was of no value in terms
    of really being able to accomplish anything, or, that the treaty was so full
    of 'holes' that it was impossible to agree with it. As one girl put it, " I
    read the document, but it is simply all emo tionalism, with no rational or
    clear thought.

Heading: I
Content: also don't think the document had a real purpose--it simply meant to stir people
    up." (Continued cn Page 5) programs enacted in other univers ities, and the
    implications of their programs," Shannon continued. " However, a certain
    program should not be instituted just because 'Harvard does it.' " If there
    is a development of a program here, then it would be rather important to
    institute a pro gram that is adaptable to the Uni versity's characteristics
    and needs - to take into consideration the Uni versity's, resources, the
    type of en rollment it has, the fact that it is predominately a white
    institution, the goals of the University itself, and other such factors. The
    pro gram must not be merely a 'band- aid' either. "Resources to finance any
    type of program which might be instituted must also be considered. If a pro
    gram were part of the curriculum itself, then money would be alloted to it,
    just like any other department. However, if it were some sort of ad junct
    program, funds might be harder to come by." Shannon also discussed his posi-
    (Continued on Page 5)

Heading: Campaign GM Discussed
Content: 

Heading: ABS Urges Support
Content: 

Heading: For Nader Proposal
Content: 

Heading: Grateful Dead Concert Creates
Content: 

Heading: 'Insistent' Crowd Outside Gym
Content: By TOM NOVINGER

Heading: A
Content: " religious, almost mystical following"  was the major cause at tributed to the
    gathering outside the Grateful Dead Concert Wednes day night. The crowd
    consisted of approxi mately two hundred people, " non students,"  who became
    "noisy and insistent"  after the concert began. According to Andy Meyer,
    chair man of the concert committee, the group was nonviolent; there was no
    property damage and it was not necessary for the State Police to be called.
    Although the group was denied entrance to the concert because they did not
    possess tickets, they could have bought them in the ticket office. Meyer
    said that the group was finally admitted to the concert only after he
    realized that " the problem wasn't worth risking. . . .  I don't believe in
    violent confrontation." He offered two reasons for the crowd's behavior.
    Several possessed counterfeit tickets, a problem with all concerts, and
    became angry when they were not permitted en trance. Meyer added that the "
    particular nature of the dedicated following of the Grateful Dead" also
    contributed to the disordered behavior. They were " something only the Dead
    could bring." By ERIC RIESS The Association of Bucknell Stu dents acted on
    two fronts last night to press the University trus tees to make large
    corporations in the United States acknowledge their social responsibility.
    The ABS passed motions request ing the board to vote the Univers ity's stock
    in General Motors and the Gulf Oil Company, in favor of changes proposed by
    Ralph Nader and the United Presbyterian Church. Nader's motion, nicknamed
    cam paign GM round 11, will be voted on at the May 21 GM stockholders
    meeting. The proposal has three mair points. The first would " transform the
    now closed selection of directors into a real election simply by re quiring
    GM to list ra its proxy candidates nominated by share holder petitions; only
    candidates listed by management are listed there now. All shareholders thus
    would have the opportunity to make meaningful nominations and to choose
    among opposing nominees." The ABS motion proposed by Tom Leonard, a
    representative of Trai Hall, continued, "the second pro posal would give
    three of G M s most important constituancies--con- cumers, dealers and
    employees--a voice in GM's decision making pro cess by permitting them to
    partici pate in the selection of GM direc tors." The third proposal would
    require GM to publish hard statistics on its progress in pollution control,
    safety, and minority hiring. According to Leonard, " The Uni versity has
    6869 shares of GM stock, and even the President doesn't think that anyone in
    the adminis tration will press the trustees for action on the matter, so
    it's, up ti the students. Leonard continued, " It's the duty of the students
    to press this issue and we should." The trustees meeting is planned for
    early May. The second motion passed by the ABS asks the trustees to vote the
    University's shares of the Gulf Oil. (Continued on Page 5) W -

Heading: Open
Content: 

Heading: Up
Content: 

Heading: the Committee Meetings!
Content: 

Heading: The annual approprations hearings
Content: 

Heading: of the ABS begin April 19. These hear
Content: 

Heading: ings will decide how much ABS money
Content: 

Heading: each of the various student organiza
Content: 

Heading: tions on campus will receive. Since the
Content: 

Heading: ABS has $57,000 to disburse, and the
Content: 

Heading: total amount of requests is about $72,-
Content: 

Heading: 000, the Student Appropriations Com
Content: 

Heading: mittee must make priority decisions af
Content: 

Heading: fecting large numbers of students.
Content: 

Heading: The decisions, however, will not be
Content: 

Heading: made at the open hearings, but after
Content: 

Heading: wards, during closed session to only
Content: 

Heading: committee members. Mere students will
Content: 

Heading: not be allowed in.
Content: 

Heading: When asked why all students could
Content: 

Heading: not attend this decisive meeting to listen
Content: 

Heading: without partaking in the discussion, var-
Content: 

Heading: ious members of the committee gave dif-
Content: 

Heading: fering replies. They claimed that it was
Content: 

Heading: traditional, that private things were dis
Content: 

Heading: cussed, and that they would feel in
Content: 

Heading: hibited with other students listening to
Content: 

Heading: them. One student member even went
Content: 

Heading: so far as to say that it was nobody s
Content: 

Heading: business what went on at the Committee
Content: 

Heading: meeting.
Content: 

Heading: We strongly disagree and believe
Content: 

Heading: that the ABS Student Appropriations
Content: 

Heading: Committee should open their meetings to
Content: 

Heading: allow all students to listen to their dis
Content: 

Heading: cussion. If the disbursement of
Content: 

Heading: student
Content: 

Heading: Ifunds is not the
Content: 

Heading: students
Content: 

Heading: business,
Content: 

Heading: whose business is it?
Content: 

Heading: The arguments against opening Ap
Content: 

Heading: propriations meetings to students are
Content: 

Heading: the same arguments the faculty raised
Content: 

Heading: 2 years ago when asked to open their
Content: 

Heading: meetings to students. Those arguments
Content: 

Heading: were given the little consideration they
Content: 

Heading: were worth and students have been at
Content: 

Heading: tending the faculty meetings ever since.
Content: 

Heading: At that time, the student govern
Content: 

Heading: ment supported the requests of the stu
Content: 

Heading: dents seeking entrance to faculty meet
Content: 

Heading: ings. Are we to believe that the ABS
Content: 

Heading: operates by a double standard (one ap
Content: 

Heading: plying to itself and a stricter one for
Content: 

Heading: others) ? Certainly if the faculty can put
Content: 

Heading: up with having students attend and
Content: 

Heading: quietly listen to their meetings, the
Content: 

Heading: ABS Student Appropriations Committee
Content: 

Heading: should also. There isn't anything to
Content: 

Heading: hide; is there?
Content: 

Heading: tElf* j&tttkneilian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice w eekg duitag !a V S S . of Associated
    Collegiate Press. Annualsut>><^ption, PJ ? th ! Tjort office Entered as
    second class matter degnx^ !P^fnlbe,rn7|1, 1922, at Lewisurg, Pa. under the
    act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES
Content: 

Heading: MUSSMAN
Content: Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHREDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: SCOTT GEBHARDT
Content: National Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features

Heading: TOM NOVINGER
Content: News Assistant

Heading: JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: DAVE STEIN
Content: Local Adv. Manager t h e b u c k n e l l ia n p l a t f o r m To review any
    issue and take a stand we deem in the best interest o< the University e?o
    t?eat evenT issue with the responsibility that is accorded us in a free
    society to be constructively critical when necessary as well as ^auda* priSt
    the news with accuracy and integrity. Editorials appearing on this P" <<(r)
    i5SSSS * S e  MtoOT ** * * editorial board, signed columns present the views
    only of the autnors. All letters should be adressed to the Editor, and must
    be received no later than Saturday noon for publication in the Tuesday
    edition and Wednes day noon for publication in the Friday edition. All
    letters must be signed and typed double-spaced: however, names may be
    withheld upon request. The Editor reserves the right to choose all letters
    for pubUcafioth_and to edit any letter chosen for reasons of space
    restrictions, grammatical change and offensive language

Heading: P h otog ra p h y
Content: (Editor's Note:

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN
Content: policy, as stated on the masthead, forbids the printing of letters to the editor
    unless they are signed by the author. We will, upon request, with hold the
    name or substitute a psue- donym. All letters submitted must be typed,
    double-spaced.) To the Editor: An event of representational sig nificance is
    currently taking place on this campus. I feel it is worth noting since its
    importance can easily be lost under the guise of triviality caused by a
    saturation of too many meaningless attempts at graphic representation --
    namely, anyone's own little scrapyard of snapshots and cutouts from the
    pages of weekly magazines along with the regular monthly issue of Playboy.
    Photogrophy is too of ten taken for granted as simply a mechanical process.
    This is blasphemy. Even if it were true, the mechanical and tech nical
    aspect of photography (assuming standards of high qual ity) are challenging
    even to the brightest engineering student. Getting back to the event; it is
    Archer Bryant's exhibit of fine pho tographs in the lobby of the Bert rand
    Library. Arch is somewhat misplaced in this community in that there is a
    stop gap for his talents at this university. It is un fortunate that
    Bucknell is lacking in a serious, even if only introductory, course in
    photography. It is un fortunate that people like Mr. Bryant must apply his
    skill in a secondary role while trying to make good grades in other
    subjects. Even a small credit bearing outlet would suffice to relieve the
    tension. Photography has become an in creasingly important medium. Any one
    who reads a magazine could tell you that. But how many people could tell you
    what went into the picture, or what the photographer felt. Whether interest
    in the medi um is as a pastime, a passion, or for appreciation, a university
    lack ing any courses on the subject is lacking depth. Next time you're in
    the library take a good look at Mr. Bryant's exhibit. Perhaps you'll see
    more than " just a picture." Sincerely, Douglas Abdelnour REPRESENTED FOR
    NATIONAL. ADVERTISING BY

Heading: National Educational Advertising Services
Content: A DIVISION OF ukadkn ' s d ig e st s a l e s a s e s v ic s s . in c . _____ 360
    Lexlnflton Ave., New York, N. Y. 10017 O ffice: Fochi Printing C a, M srhot
    SIMO>>. Consultant: Brad Tuft*. 524-1221 522-4221

Heading: THE SIDESHOW-
Content: 

Heading: Right Up Our Calley
Content: -By DAVID WEINBERGER;

Heading: Dateline: The Campus
Content: By STEVE SHEDD Maine's Senator, Edmund Muskie, possible presidential candi date
    in 1972, delivered a speech at the University of Delaware as reported by
    that school's April 5 issue of The Review. Muskie said, ''Freedom of
    information is the foundation of a free society. The party must restore the
    trust and confidence which the Nixon Administration has undermined bit by
    bit. The New England Senator cited as an example the Cambodian Invasion. "
    The Administration went into Cambodia to destroy enemy headquarters. The
    headquarters were never found. He also cited the Laos invasion, " Next they
    went into Laos to block the Ho Chi Minh trail until the rainy season in May.
    They were driven out. The Administration claimed a great victory in Laos. We
    can't stand many more 'victories' like this. He concluded by saying that the
    President teUs Americans to elaborate on what's right with America. Muskie
    believes that the right to report what is wrong is what is right with
    America. Isn't it all really clear? Calley murdered an entire village (a
    village, incidentally, declared to be friendly). He did so on orders. He
    linedP60!"(r) up in a ditch and then shot them. He is guilty of murder; we
    should also realize that he does not bear the guilt alone. No one likes to
    see a scape goat suffer, even when he is guilty. But he has become a hero in
    America. Is he a hero because he followed orders even though those orders
    went against everything America " stands for:"  justice, individual rights,
    a helping hand? . , . Or is it that America now explicitly stands for orders
    instead ol justice? The Sanctity of orders. Calley is a hero because a
    heroic act is one in which a person is ready to sacrifice himself for
    something higher. Calley is a hero because he obeyed orders that were even
    harder to carry out than orders which send men rushing through mine had to
    go against his own conscience. In a heroic act the only ^ m g  " at comes
    out intact is the person's spirit. But Calley sacrificed even tos spirit. A
    hero is now one who is brave enough to sin. The Sinners risk Hell, while to
    be good brings only reward and satisfaction. Ordered to do wrong, he bravely
    turned against his own conscience, like a Hitler youth turning in his
    parents. We are now fighting not for a goal but rather to maintain a rigid
    process. We are fighting to mamtain orders and order. We are fighting to
    maintain law; but this law and this order have no content except themselves.
    It is good to have laws, it is good to restrict freedom, but no longer is
    this being done in the name of (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Isolation vs. Exploitation; Foreign Policy
Content: . * ________ i _____ ,,<<A am 1 , t cAlsi cmnHc in flip m; the home of sam has
    always been a hole located in the men's room in back of the bison-- but now
    Progress comes and he must head off for a new abode amidst the construc-
    tion in the Glorified Hole on the Hill, however, few mice are at home amid
    champagne mist walls plastic furniture serile starkness broken only by three
    dyspeptic rubber plants, yet it is (of course?) a " student" union building
    and therefore it must be what the students want, well isnt it uncle charlie?

Heading: Comments?
Content: The BUCKNELLIAN Is interested in receiving comments from Ml members of the
    community <<se cerning any topics ol concern. Ad dress letters and columns
    to E << - torials Editor, BUCKNELLIAN.

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: APRIL 16, 1971 By RON DOCKSAI Editor's note; the following is a syndicated
    column distributed th(tm)u*h the Free Campus News Service. The news service,
    conservative to its political stance, is attempting to make inroads into the
    traditional college press service field presently dominated by leftist
    groups. Ever since youth became a national resource, and students - the idle
    rich - became our nation's extemporizers of foreign America's leading
    businessmen have become seemmglyt more difhd or apologetic in defining
    America's investment role abroad. The idea of profitdegas a mutually
    beneficial thing for both parties concen^d and fact that economic ties
    abroad boost the prestige ofth eU m ted Statesm the community of nations are
    either discounted or bypassed in the com pany's stockholder's report with
    limp references to " helping all the world s people with the gift of
    progress."  Even the 'Nixon Doctrme which * really the Kissinger doctrine,
    suggests an isolationist blueprint as reference to America's having
    responsibilities abroad, as the inherit r Athens, means sending American
    boys to foreign shores. This isolationist spirit is not only unfortunatebut
    d a n g e r o ^ U a m  ^ student and, therefore, can say these things and
    get away w itotoen O Though the United States and the Soviet Union maintain
    net wtemational peace by way of the balance of power created by both sides
    having toe tom b,"  a major third party could dangerously upset ftus
    thoroughly aware of the risks involved. Japan is probably toe w s t e ample.
    What stops Japan from going nuclear when she has capability - and she does -
    is toe U.S. role abroad. As toe U.S. remams strong enough to protect Japan's
    economic interests in (e g the 7th U.S. Fleet protecting Taiwan), there is
    no need for Japan to develop such a nuclear arsenal. Furthermore, Japan's
    going nuc|ear ufider such conditions as now exist would compel her to<<take
    more tratotang responsibility than she cares or is able to take. (One ca"
    how Japan and many other nations would eventually be fdeg ^ g nuclear if the
    United States proves to be incapable of saving Southeast Asia from the
    communists, thus exposing our worthlessness as a defense treaty partner). On
    a less strategic level, America's economic role abmad. which c <<!-
    temporary Catelines like

Heading: to
Content: dub exploitative,

Heading: S
Content: social and economic groups advance along the road deg through greater diversity
    in toe economy. For example, m S ^ t o ^ 3 , if American businessmen did not
    sell U.S. made wares , . ila c ^  most blacks would be forced to buy South
    and, through no choice of their own, benefit the business promoters of

Heading: I
Content: / apartheid. American businessmen have not only sold goods in toe m art<<! nlace
    but helped many Africans in establishing their own outlets ana business
    trade centers. (If, however. Senator Kennedy convinces Congress to
    economically embargo South Africa in full, the black population is pro vided
    with no alternative save migrating from a country they do not wish 4- q
    Ipayp ) South America is and has been the stimulant of a leftist's
    indignation when choosing to get in heat over U.S. economic policies abroad
    In 1969, when President Nixon asked Governor Rockefeller to go the President
    was not only doing a favor to the people of New York State, but toe Governor
    actually returned with some interesting things w  say. (See toe Rockefeller
    Report on the Americas/The New York Tim <<! edition Quadrangle
    Books/1969/$1.25>. Statistics show that not only have U.S. industries not
    'ripped-off' South American republics (in fact, our economic presence led to
    net increases in GNP and individual income), but oiff in dustries have been
    and will probably continue to be shy in establishing new overseas
    investments in South America. Through President Kennedy s Alliance for
    Progress and toe unfulfilled expectations of peasants who were promised
    Cadillacs and only received Chevrolet!, resulted " of the current political
    and economic instability, as witnessed in the election of Allende and the
    new style of coup in Peru, South America has a long track history of social
    and political anarchy between election days. Such un stable environments are
    not promising for compames that must P}3"  " terms of long-range
    investements, and individual countries are not helped bv U.S. companies only
    interested in immediate economic gain. No one has all the answers (and only
    some have a few of the answers) to toe economic and political dilemma South
    America poses for herself and her neighbors. However, in the pursuit of
    solving them in our nation s just national interests, Americans should cease
    apologizing to the world, for our prosperity and continued life. There is an
    unhealthy arrogance m the attitude of Americans who see the world's
    problems, all of them, a* our own invention. Traditionally, Americans have
    never liked the idea of exploitation. As our statute grew as a nation with
    the responsibility of leading toe free world, we agonized with our power and
    even proved our unwillingness to establish a Pax Americana, in spite tbe s^
    e s t io M  of Bertrand Russell, during toe four year interval after World
    War II when we held a monopoly of nuclear weaponry. At toe Ford Foundation,
    men earn their professional wages by worrying about such things as writing
    books to instruct future generations on how exploitative we must nevar be.
    In short, in case you are interested, I hold great faith in our nations
    ability to prosper as long as we are willing to hold up our veil of tears
    long enough to breathe.

Heading: Reviewer Evaluates Cocktail Theater Plays
Content: By SANDRA MARTIN This month marked the beginning of a new Cocktail Theatre mini-
    season on the Coleman Hall stage. These one-act productions, staged by
    students enrolled in courses in directing and lighting, are work shops in
    which opportunities are granted for students to learn and develop first-hand
    knowledge of theatrical techniques. The first production of the mini season
    was Tom Eyen's The White Whore and the Bit Player, directed by Ed Denny.
    Structured as an ex tended view of a woman's thoughts in her last ten
    seconds before death, the play featured Joan Billig and Maggie Jones both as
    the woman-- as she saw herself and as the world at large visualized her and
    her career as an actress in cheap por nographic films. The two actresses
    played off against each other well, especially in scenes where sudden
    reversals in character were utilized. Miss Billig gave a consistent perform
    ance throughout the duration of the show: Miss Jones, although some times
    too soft to be heard easily, nevertheless displayed a wide range of ability
    and was excellent in her final scenes. Director Denny did a fine job in
    staging his play on a three-quarter thrust stage: the show was viewed well
    from all angles, and his ex tensive use of music held the show together in a
    professionally polished manner. Commendable, too, was the lighting designed
    by Anne Swoope; the many transitions were mood enhancing and well-planned,
    as was the special lighting effect at the

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN  ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL <<215 ) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: play's beginning and conclusion. George Bernard Shaw's The Glimpse of Reality,
    directed by Chris Francello, is essentially a study of an Italian nobleman's
    fall from pride to humility at the hands of three commoners. Gary Koutnik,
    as the noble Fer ruccio, was at his best as the Whe ezing friar and also
    during his final soliloquy to Giulia. The latter, por trayed by Sue Styer,
    could have projected her voice more effective ly; but her low-key jibes at
    the noble and her steadfast convictions were not lost on the audience. Bill
    Whitney, as Giulia's lover Sandro, was adequate in his first role; Mil lard
    Natchwey, in the rote of Squarcio, got off to a slow start but reached his
    peak as he counter ed line-for-line with Ferruccio as the noble dined at his
    table. To her credit, director Francello emphasized the finer details of
    Shaw's biting humor; although her blocking and staging--again on a three-
    quarter thrust stage--seemed somewhat static, it was enlivened by some very
    well-handled sword- confrontation scenes. Jack Bly- skal's lighting design,
    although mar red by a few abrupt changes, never theless, showed an
    understanding of the light yet sarcastic mood called for by the work of
    Shaw. Written by the participants them selves, The Play grew out of both the
    ensemble's thoughts on various lite themes and their improvisa tions: the
    production, directed by Van Dashner, was assembled after a week of intensive
    rehearsal. The element of ritual was strong ly felt throughout the play, but
    nev- 1 er more than during the play's opening sequences. As the show
    progressed, a hint of Antoin Art aud's Theatre of Cruelty was. ex pressed,
    as the players bombarded the audience and themselves with physical and
    verbal violence. There were disappointing similar ities to the form and
    content of such ensemble works as The Serpent and Terminal; nevertheless,
    the as similating of images that was done by the director was credible for a
    first attempt at this particular type of arena staging. One wishes that more
    time could have been spent polishing some of the show's rough spots;
    although the actors and act resses worked with each other well, there were
    moments when a lack ol focus and unity prevailed. The lighting, designed by
    Becci Nisley, was imaginative and did serve to structure some of these
    disjointed elements into a unified whole. Kirkegaardian philosophy main
    tains as its central principle the superiority of subjective over ob jective
    truth; it was to this theme that playwright and director Barry Sapolsky
    directed his talents in Where Were You Before You Were Here? The single
    actor in the pro duction, Charlie Pollock, provided an interesting study of
    a man caught up in constant questioning of his own ability and that of the
    world around him. Pollock's por trayal of human self-doubt, frus tration,
    and ultimately circular reasoning was a complex vision of a man caught and
    trapped by his own words. Seated in the balcony, the audi ence viewed a
    proscenium produc tion shown on anal most empty stage, symbolic of the man's
    lone ly fight for reason and truth--both of which are beyond his comprehen-
    sion. In these respects, director Sapoisky's staging was unique and worked
    to toe script's advantage. Sue Suhr's lighting, although by necessity
    limited in its variety, nevertheless helped to convey a mood of unsparing
    harshness and intensity. Four more Cocktail Theatre pro ductions wil be
    staged this spring at the Coleman Theatre. Waiting for Lefty will be
    presented Tuesday, May 4; The York Crucifixion, Fri day, May 7; The
    Collection, Mon day, May 10: and Comings and Go ings, Wednesday, May 12. All
    pro ductions are at 4:30 p.m., and toe admission charge for all is free.

Heading: '
Content: 

Heading: Trivial' Presents:
Content: 

Heading: The Mysterious Cement Block
Content: 

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: EUROPE
Content: 

Heading: Round-trip DC-8
Content: 

Heading: JET
Content: 

Heading: from New York
Content: For only $210* round trip, Icelandic Airlines flies you di rect to Luxembourg in
    the heart of Europe for best connections to everywhere. Daily jets. No
    groups to join. Stay one day or up to 45. Fly Icelandic--for low est fares
    to Iceland, Luxem bourg, England, Scotland, Nor way, Sweden and Denmark.
    Special fares for students and groups remaining overseas more than 45 days.
    Major credit cards --or Pay Later Plan. Mail coupon; then call your travel
    agent. *Add $20 one way on Fri. and Sat. ! To; Icelandic Airlines i 630
    Fifth Ave., N.Y. 10020 i (212) PL 7-8585 i Send folder CN on Lowest Jet i
    Fares to Europe Q Student ! Fares # Name State - -Z ip - My travel agent is

Heading: ICELANDIC
Content: AIRLINES

Heading: LOWEST
Content: 

Heading: AIR FARES
Content: 

Heading: TO EUROPE
Content: of any scheduled airline

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: A R T ' S  B A K E R Y
Content: 

Heading: For the Tops in Lox
Content: 

Heading: -- Good Bagel's Too
Content: 

Heading: Art's Bakery
Content: 

Heading: 500 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: BY THE R. R. TRACKS
Content: 

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: FIFTH & MARKET STREETS
Content: 

Heading: S p ecia l!
Content: 

Heading: 10% off on all Pizzas
Content: 

Heading: purchased & eaten in
Content: 

Heading: our restaurant between
Content: 

Heading: 5 & 9 p.m. Monday thru
Content: 

Heading: Thursday.
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PENNA.
Content: For those of you who never ven ture close to Dana, perhaps this bit of Trivial
    will give you a little insight into the character of the monstrous and
    possibly foreign Dana Engineering Building. Dana is not just a building full
    of equa tions. numbers, formulas, and heavily used sliderules. It too has a
    personality all of its own; its own trivia. Trivial feels that an integral
    part of Dana's personality exists outside the front door of the building. Ly
    ing oil the ground seven feet long, 2 ).5 inches wide, and ten inches high,
    this piece of cement has only- been there since last year. Many people have
    heard rumors about its origin; many stories have been told about the curious
    object. Never has the story been really clarified until now. and Trivial now
    presents you with the story of The Rein forced Concrete Beam. gst year, the
    junior civil engine- discussed with the department chairman the subject of a
    class project. A project was finally pro posed;

Heading: ''A
Content: reinforced concrete beam that was so designed to fail th e. testing machine in
    the civil engineering laboratory."  The test ing machine is capable of
    applying a 2 .0,000 lbs force into an object or pulling the same force away
    from an object while supported at fajEraiHraicQHjrajiBrai^LrgrarajararHi

Heading: COLE'S
Content: 

Heading: HARDWARE
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. 17837
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1284
Content: LV>kV)L\VW ?( its ends. (Scientific Note: A regular cement beam of its size,
    made from poured cement, would collapse under its own weight when support ed
    at its ends.) The students were fascinated with the objective, but their
    imagination ran away with them. They designed a berm so large, so long, so
    heavy, and so expensive that the original ize it at the time, the students'
    en thusiasm was their downfall. Their piece of work was not able to fail the
    machine: the machine was not able to destroy the beam. (Scienti fic Note:
    Because of the enormity of the beam, the supports used dur ing the test
    began to weaken under <<hr strain of (he testing weight. Therefore they had
    to make a few

Heading: TEACHERS
Content: 

Heading: NEEDED
Content: 

Heading: Opportunities for begin
Content: 

Heading: ning and experienced can
Content: 

Heading: didates,
Content: 

Heading: private schools,
Content: 

Heading: coast to coast. Also public
Content: 

Heading: schools in the northeast.
Content: 

Heading: Especially sciences, math,
Content: 

Heading: languages.--
Content: 

Heading: Write today for particulars
Content: 

Heading: SCHOOL SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: BUREAU
Content: 

Heading: Post Office Box 278K
Content: 

Heading: Windsor Connecticut, 0609;
Content: 

Heading: TEL: 203 - 688 - 6409
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: APRIL 16, 1971

Heading: W. C. FIELDS stars in a "CO M EDY FESTIVAL"
Content: 

Heading: with
Content: 

Heading: MAE WEST --  LAUREL and HARDY
Content: 

Heading: PLUS 3 SPECIAL CARTOON FEATURES
Content: 

Heading: SUNDAY, APRIL 18
Content: 

Heading: --  VAUGHAN LIT. AUD.
Content: 

Heading: ------------
Content: 

Heading: Admission
Content: 

Heading: 75c
Content: 

Heading: -----------
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: One Evening Performance at 8:00
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: # m  i . * * i *A work which surpassed the machine'--The Cement Block. (Photo bv
    Bill Frisch) design was unfeasible and was not approved by the department.
    Back to the drawing board. A new design was submitted very similar in
    construction to the first: however, the beam would be con siderably shorter
    than the original ly planned one in order to cut down on cost and weight.
    The new design accepted, the students were on to the actual construction.
    Again, though they did not real-

Heading: Steamed Clams
Content: 

Heading: EVERY WEDNESDAY and
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY 7 p.m. 'til ?????
Content: 

Heading: TOWN TAVERN
Content: 

Heading: 600 Market Street
Content: deviations in the testing procedure. I i.e. they applied the weight at the
    center rather than at the "third" points of the beam). However, the
    deviations did not considerably alter the result.) Now all those involved
    with the project were faced with a final problem: What do we do with the
    beam now? Unable to destroy it in the labora tory, they could chop it apart
    with pick and axe, but what an anti- climatic ending for such work! After
    investigation of the outside area and much discussion, it was concluded that
    the best thing they could do was put it outside as a bench. Being only 17
    inches longer than the other benches on campus, it was a delightful addition
    to the walkway outside Dana. So there it rests, the civil engine- er's
    failure, a work which surpassed the machine, a work very unique ! in its
    kind, perhaps a bench with j the most peculiar <i.e. trivial<< his- I tory
    in the world. The w orld has entered a new stage o f history, the age of the
    maturity of man and the beginning of a w orld civilization. The source of
    this new developm ent was a Man w ho was exiled, tortured, banished and im
    prisoned for m ore than 40 years. He lived during the last century. His
    name--

Heading: T^alja u IUI)
Content: 

Heading: THE GLORY OF GOD
Content: Baha'u'llah is the latest in the succession of Divine Messengers sent by God
    since the beginning of man's existence. He is the Promised One o f all
    religions. His com ing ushers in the A ge of Fulfillment m entioned in all
    the prophecies of the past. Baha'u'llah brings God's Plan for w orld peace,
    w orld justice and w orld unity.

Heading: FOR INFORMATION:
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: 'a iti)
Content: 

Heading: Box B26 or Call 1878
Content: iipippwwp ' ( #"#awill I III.mi ip I f  i M MIJF 11 ill

Heading: JK
Content: i '" deg^ ______

Heading: B
Content: l i

Heading: M
Content: m SSNI? t:' 'AE^i:hksK9^&Xs^IM?S m .

Heading: 'H
Content: #'''-# #?#"1

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: K
Content: 

Heading: s n a
Content: 

Heading: IE
Content: b

Heading: B
Content: b # ipigsf,

Heading: Spotlight!
Content: 

Heading: Weekend Films Include 'Mademoiselle' and 'Landlord'
Content: By DAN MARTIN Hilltop's feature tonight in Vaug han Literature Auditorium at
    8:00 p.m. is Tony Richardson's Madem- oselle (1966). Labeled " self-con
    sciously arty" by several critics, the film is an " odd hybrid" made in
    France, about a repressed school- marm (Jeanne Moreau) who bums down farms,
    seduces a woodchop- per. and allows him to be killed for raping her. Jean
    Genet's screenplay, in which the French speak English and the Italians get
    subtitles, is often, al though unintentionally, funny. The effect of Miss
    Moreau cranking wildly away at the sluice gates of a dam, trying to flood
    the town during a religious procession is, as Life's Richard Schickle
    observes, 'more ludicrous than chilling in its obviousness." After indulging
    in a bit of arson and dumping poison into the town well, the leading lady
    and her film, according to Schickel, ed can be classified only as the " thea
    ter of the preposterous." As the film comes to a climax, with the beating to
    death of the woodsman by a pose of peasantry' who are convinced he is
    responsible for their recent run of hard luck, ichardson's unerring eye for
    clich- imagery becomes clear. Schickel feels that the tendency among current
    film makers is to ignore the all-important phase of individual development
    when choices other than evil are open. Thus, the vision of life presented in
    !Mademoiselle, with the devilish schemes of Miss Moreau, is as false in its
    total blackness as Doris Day is in her total sunniness. "Only from the
    balance of mortal forces can sensible dramatic tension de velop." Love Story
    will continue at bury's Strand this weekend. Sun- Lewisburg's Campus theater
    will

Heading: Barber Carl Protests
Content: 

Heading: Ejection From Center
Content: By JACKIE STUBBA Can Carl the Barber get re located into the new University
    Center or not? Not even he knows for sure. Informed that the ABS will now
    take over the space originally al lotted for a barber shop, Carl has
    organized a petition on his own be half. About 500 students and faculty'
    members have signed it, along with many letters sent by alumni, regis tering
    complaints about this change. Operating from the same place ior 19 years
    now, Carl feels he deserves a change to a better loca tion with more modern
    equipment. He explained, " If I were there in the Center there'd be more
    traffic. Being across from the bookstore with professors around, it's a more
    #.<<gw>> .-

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: Carl the Barber -- after nineteen y ears he feels he deserves a change. (photo
    by Bill Frisch) logical place to be business-wise." He further continued, "
    Guy's will be closed down completely next fall. And the bookstore will also
    be moved. It makes more sense for me to be located down there too."
    Apparently a lack of funds has necessitated the postponement of finishing
    the top floor of the Center. Mr. Zeller, Vice-President of Busi ness and
    Finance, commented that as a result " there's no place for student
    activities, which was pne of the main reasons for building the Center in the
    first place." Upon re-examining the space available, rooms were given to
    those activities with most priority. Three general meeting rooms are being
    changed into a common pur pose room for student activities in general,
    including use of locked tiles, desks and telephones. This will alleviate
    some of the space problem. However there's still no room for The
    Bucknellian, publica tions, the debate team, or WBVU. Zeller sympathized
    with Carl's position. " Carl has been loyal, in terested in the students,
    and a con tributor to activities." however he further stated, " Although he
    has ample reason to be disappointed, we have not renegged on a promise to
    Carl." The room was planned to be a barber shop, but the details con cerning
    the operation of the shop by Carl or possibly by one or several outside
    barbers were to be discussed at a later date. The space was apparently never
    promised specifically to Carl. He also stated, "In view of the pressures for
    other needed offices, there wasn t enough real demand to justify using the
    space for a barbershop." Zeller suggested the possibility of Carl's moving
    into some space which will be vacated by others moving into the University
    Center or perhaps even moving into the Center at a later date. "At the
    moment we don't have the money to complete the third floor. There are
    several possibilities for en larging funds, I would hope that maybe within
    five years it could be finished." Carl understands the administra tion's
    situation regarding insuffic ient funds, but would like a com mitment as to
    whether he s going into the student center or not. As his nineteen years of
    service show, Carl would like to continue on here but perhaps in a better
    location. "It s a fine place. I enjoy the kids, they're a great bunch of
    boys,"  he added smiling. present a double feature this week end: Women In
    Love (7:00 p.m.) and The Landlord (9:15 p.m.). Based on D. H. Lawrence's
    novel, Women In Love concerns itself with the experience of personal re
    lationships, the spiritual decline of industrial man, and the search for a
    new awareness. Although hard to put into cine matic terms, and while Ken Rus
    sell's film seldom takes us into the minds of the characters as does
    Lawrence's prose, much of Women In Love is strikingly effective. The bold
    colors of the clothes worn by the non-conformist Brangwen sisters stand out
    against the grimy back ground of the mining town, while the grandeur,
    elegance, and spaci ousness, of the landed estate where the pretentious
    Hermione Noddice entertains guests is contrasted with the constricted alleys
    and crowded pubs frequented by the working population. Alan Bates, as
    Birkin, fails to convey the rebellious intensity of the original character,
    while Oliver Reed performs excellently as the stolid, insensitive Gerald.
    Although Eleanor Bron presents too carica tured a Hermione, Glenda Jackson
    as Gudrun and Jennie Linder as Ursula act with wit and passion, which is
    capable of suggesting much of the complexity of Lawrence's characters. Woman
    In Love is episodically faithful to the novel and provides a visually
    exciting but flawed in troduction to the world of D. H. Lawrence. Stanley
    Kauffmann writes of a major failing in the film, observing that it "
    depends, for its continuing validity, on its mo ment in social and artistic
    history. It depends on its form, as a novel published in 1920. for that
    validity . . . .  Restated in someone else's new medium, the themes now seem
    somewhat dated." Much less dated in history, are the themes of The Landlord,
    which attempts to establish a fragile en tente between the races by portray
    ing a young, white do-gooder of in dependent means exercising his
    territorial imperative by buying an old brownstone on one of Brooklyn s
    seedy black ghetto streets. The mildly anti-establishment scion of a wealthy
    Long Island family, played by Beau Bridges, meets up, in his exploits, with
    favorable tenants such as a flam boyant fortune-teller (Pearl Bailey) a sexy
    hairdresser (Diana Sands), and a slinky black cabaret dancer (Marki Bey)
    with' whom he falls in love. Sporting to and from his estate. Bridges has
    the opportunity to confront his kooky family, as well; especially his
    amazing mother played by Lee Grant. Although unlikely and contrived, The
    Landlord has some truly humorous and entertaining mo ments to offer.
    Disregard the ex- agerrated sequences, and the film is a pleasant one with
    which to pass the evening.

Heading: The Sideshow
Content: By DAVID WEINBERGER (Continued from Page 2) h What can this mean except that
    we've lost God? We have lost sight of anvthing higher than man, any reason
    for doing anything except in the name of reasons. Science, when it tends to
    progress for no reason, dis covering things better left hidden, analyzing
    things that would better be left whole, also tends towards this empty order.
    It used to be that we would establish laws and orders as our way of
    instituting man's higher plan-higher because it is more perfectly human than
    we presently are. But without any vision past ourselves we have moved the
    instituting into the higher position. It is an act of supreme solipsism and
    egotism that has enabled America to glorify a mass murderer.

Heading: Spelman's Mother Is Mayor
Content: PINNED: Melody Breon, '73 (Rebersburg) to Phil Reese, SPE '71. Jane Murphy, PM
    '72 to Marty Erb, KDR '72. Christy Rees, '74 (Lycoming Col lege) to Rich
    Zentz, PGD '73. Renee Ronvecs, DDD '73 to Budd Libby. PKP '73. Trish Torrey,
    DDD '73 to Dave Simpkins, KDR '72. ENGAGED: Carol Brown. '74 to Jim Peacock,
    '72. Gina Maria DiAngelo, MFA '74 (University of Salerno) to Bob Pal-
    ladino, SPE '72. Gracie Hammesfahr, AX '73 to Harry Howe, TKE '71. Pamela
    May, '72 to Rick Lynch, By STEVE WATT Oklahoma City is no longer just an
    ordinary mid-western city. For the first time in the city's history, a woman
    has been elected mayor. With a population of 375,000, Okla homa City is now
    the largest city in the United States to be governed by a female. Mrs.
    Patience

Heading: S.
Content: Latting, 53, mother-in-law of Doug Spelman, won a landside victory against her
    opponent Bill Bishop last week. In a predicted " close" election, Mrs.
    Latting toppled her opponent by 10,000 votes. Serving on the City Council
    for four years, (her opponent served six), she became a popular candi date,
    although her campaign was neither heavily publicized nor ex travagant. A
    native of Oklahoma, Mrs. Latting graduatetd Phi Beta Kappa from Oklahoma
    University and received her masters degree in math and economics at
    Columbia. She is a mother of four children and her husband is an independent
    oilman. Mrs. Latting's daughter is a grad uate student in psychology here,
    and Spelman is Assistant Professor of Japanese at this University.

Heading: abortion
Content: 

Heading: aid
Content: The Council on Abortion Research & iducation (Non- Profit) provides free infor
    mation and referral assistance regarding legal abortion. Limited financial
    aid is also available. Inquiries are completely confidential. Call: (212)
    682-6856

Heading: -Leave youi Winter Gar-
Content: 

Heading: REED's tor
Content: 

Heading: Summer Box
Content: 

Heading: REED'S
Content: 

Heading: Summer Storage
Content: 

Heading: STUDENTS-
Content: 

Heading: ments with
Content: 

Heading: Storage.
Content: Full insured, freshly cleaned and pressed at Regular Cleaning Prices-

Heading: 103 SOUTH SIXTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: 523-1282
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 12 w e e k s pregnancies up to terminated from

Heading: $175.00
Content: Medication, Lab Tests, Doc tors fees included. Hospital & Hospital affiliated
    clinics. (212) TR 7-8803 24 hours - 7 days

Heading: PH YSICIANS REFERRAL
Content: We know we can help you. even if it's just to talk to someone.

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: APRIL 16. 1971

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: HOUSE NEED PAINTING?

Heading: INTERIOR OR EXTERIOR
Content: experienced students seek part time summer employment Contact B O B  R A Y M O N
    D  523- 7401 or E R IC  L eR O Y  524-1357

Heading: A protessional
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T I O N
Content: 

Heading: that is sale, legal &
Content: 

Heading: inexpensive
Content: can be set up on an j outpatient basis by calling

Heading: The Problem Pregnancy
Content: 

Heading: Referral Service
Content: 

Heading: 215-722-5360
Content: 24 hours--7 days for professional, confidential and caring help

Heading: SUSQUEHANNA VALLEY WHITE
Content: 

Heading: Selinsgrove "At the Bridge"
Content: 

Heading: --  Dealers for --
Content: 

Heading: SS
Content: 

Heading: DODGE --  RENAULT --  TRIUMPH
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: v 4 (Continued from Page 1) Another student echoed this feel ing, "I never read
    the treaty--but I read the ad hoc committee re port and agreed with what
    they said. I don't really see what good it would have done to pass the docu
    ment." On the other side of the coin, the two basic motives for passage were
    covered by two men. One simply felt, "Since peace won't occur through our
    government, the citizens of the involved countries, who are the ones who are
    doing the dying, must work to gain the peace they desire. The other student
    simply stated "It's simply one more way of ex erting pressure on the
    government, just as marches and demonstrations exert pressure." Nationally
    the treaty has wide spread appeal. Some of the indi viduals who have
    ratified the treaty

Heading: Peace Treaty
Content: 

Heading: ABS
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: (Continued from Page 1) company in favor of a motion spon sored by the Task
    Force on South Africa of the United Presbyterian Church. According to the
    April 13 issue of The Bucknellian, the proposal would establish a committee
    to look into Gulf's Angolan operations, expand the corporations Board of
    Direct ors, and terminate the corporations operation in colonial operated
    areas. are the Berrigan Brothers, Godfrey Cambridge, Rock Hudson, Nobel
    Prize winner Prof. Salvatore Luria, Linus Pauling, Erich Segal, and ex
    ecutives from more than 8 major labor unions.

Heading: Black Prof.
Content: (Continued from Page 1) tion in the religion department, say ing that, "I feel I
    will bring the cultural experience of being black to the department, as well
    as a black perspective to Biblical liter ature. "I think that the
    intellectual stim ulation of the department and its diversity of faculty
    members, as well as the challenging atmosphere of the campus itself, will
    provide many opportunities for intellectual development." When asked how he
    will apply his experience as a pastor to his posi tion at the University,
    Shannon re plied that, "I see my work as a pastor in a wider scope - that of
    education. Thus, my work in aca demic cources and my advisory capacity to
    students is an extension of my past work as a minister, for, in all of these
    positions, there is a questioning process which must go deg n-" . . Shannon
    will be teaching Religion 100 next semester, and, during the second semester
    of next year, he will be teaching a course in new approaches to Wisdom
    Literature

Heading: Visitors
Content: Twenty-five English and French- speaking Belgian university stu dents arrive on
    campus this Sunday evening to begin a 13 day stay. All are males, ages
    18-22, and E.E. students. The program is sponsored by the Belgian Ministry
    of Educa tion and the Experiment in Inter national Living. Through this pro
    gram 25 University students will he eligible to go to Belgium next Jan uary,
    and preference will be given to those who take part in the hospi tality
    here. Students wishing to benefit from this exchange program should check
    the signup lists at Carey House, the Bison and the C.A., or stop at the C.A.
    for information. Over the weekend call Scott (3568); Armelle (3371); or
    Karen (3022) at Carey House.

Heading: Appropriation
Content: 

Heading: ABS
Content: Appropriations Committee hearings will be on Monday April 19, in the meeting
    room adjacent to Swartz Lounge starting at 4:00 p.m. All organizations
    requesting funds are encouraged to come prepared with all supportive data
    and to be prompt. Anyone in the University is welcome to attend and partici
    pate.

Heading: Poli Sci
Content: The members oi Pi Sigma Alpha (political science honorary) will be glad to
    discuss with any students the political science courses and professors. If
    any student is interested in tak ing a political science course next
    semester and wants to find out what the course is like, come to the Pol.
    Sci. lounge on Monday or Tuesday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Heading: Ecology
Content: The American Ecology Concern Organization will be holding a day long Earth Week
    Festival at the Lewisburg Memorial Park on North Water St. this Saturday
    from 9:00 a.m. into the afternoon. Three speakers, a folksinger, and a
    nature walk will be featured. For more information contact Karl Neiswender
    at 39 S. 6th St. or call 524-4544.

Heading: Prison System
Content: (Continued from Page 1) ------ *

Heading: Schedule for Room Selection
Content: ___ n n n n t l l k f t X T . U ln r ln c v c iT o X ) 6 WOMEN: Hunt Rec. Middle
    Room JUNIORS: Monday, April 19 Priority # Time 1 . 50 6:00 - 6:30 p.m. 51 -
    100 6:30 - 7:00 p.m. 101 - 150 7:00 - 7:30 p.m. 151 . 7:30 - 8:00 p.m.
    SOPHOMORES: Tuesday, April 20 FRESHMAN: Wednesday April 21 Priority # Time 1
    - 50 6:00 - 6:30 p.m. 51 - 100 6:30 - 7:00 p.m. 101 - 150 7:00 - 7:30 p.m.
    151 - 200 7:30 - 8:00 p.m. 201 . 8:00 - Priority 1 - 51 - 101 - 151 - 201 -
    50 100 150 200 6:00 6:30 7:00 7:30 8:00 Time 6:30 p.m. 7:00 p.m. 7:30 p.m.
    8:00 p.m. M EN: New Dorm Library JUNIORS: Monday, April 19 SOPHOMORES :
    Tuesday, April 20 FRESHMAN: Wednesday April 21

Heading: D
Content: m a

Heading: M
Content: t

Heading: V  ST
Content: 1 1111<<? Priority # Time 1 - 50 6:00 - 6:30 p.m. 51 - 100 6:30 - 7:00 p.m. 101
    - 150 7:00 - 7:30 p.m. 151 - 200 7:30 - 8:00 p.m. 201 - 275 8:00 - 8:30 p.m.
    276 - 8:30 - Men will have : their# pictures taken Priority # Time 1 - 50
    6:00 - 6:30 p.m. 51 - 125 6:30 - 7:00 p.m. 126 - 200 7:00 - 7:30 p.m. 201 -
    275 7:30 - 8:00 p.m. 276 - 350 8:00 - 8:30 p.m. 351 - 450 8:30 - 9:00 p.m.
    Priority # 75 1 75 151 226 301 375 150 225 300 375 6:00 6:30 7:00 7:30 8:00
    8:30 Time 6:30 p.m. 7:00 7:30 8:00 8:30 9:00 p.m. p.m. p.m. p.m. p.m. tice
    ," in Coleman Hall 101B at 1 p.m. Immediately following the | speech there
    will be an informal j reception for Greenberg in the Uni- | versity Lounge.
    There will be a panel discussion on the prison system with Green berg; Jack
    Cooke, author of "Psy chiatry in the Prisons;" and staff members from the
    Lewisburg Fed eral Penitentiary, at 3 p.m. in Cole man Hall 101B. The movie
    "Death Watch," a tense drama about prison life on death row, which stars
    Leonard Nimoy, will be shown in Vaughan Lit. Auditorium at 7 p.m Greenberg,
    who received his PhD. from the University of Chicago, is a theoretical
    physicist and instruc tor of social and natural sciences at Columbia College
    in Chicago. He is active in prison reform and draft resistance. He wrote a
    book about prison life, Behind Bars, and his second book will be published
    soon.

Heading: Peace March
Content: Anyone interested in attending the March for Peace in Washington on April 24,
    please contact Mike Baron. 1260; Box W  - 39, or Larry Glantz, 1250; Box W
    - 189 for information as soon as possible. Immediate re sponse is critical,
    in order for ap propriate transportation to be pro vided.

Heading: COR
Content: People are also needed to help with the Committee of Responsi bility week-end
    April 16 and 17. Please contact Pat Rom in Bert rand Library (ext. 3056) or
    at home, 60 S. Second Street (524- 0579).

Heading: Tristram
Content: Election of TRISTRAM officers will be held on Monday at 7:00 p.m. in Room 219
    Vaughan Lit. <<JCjeXStJiJiSSJ043iJ0t3<<JCS0eX3tSCS0S50

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: PHONE 524-0744

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO PRATS
Content: 

Heading: Becker Motor Co. * VW
Content: selection. selecting rooms are re- to bring the completed GREEN room contract
    form with them. Those minded The contract cancellation deadline is JUNE 1.

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: l
Content: 

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: a b o r t i o n
Content: 

Heading: LET US HELP YOU
Content: Call us now (collect) and one of our dedicated staff will answer your questions
    about placement in Clinics and accredited Hospitals In New York City.

Heading: LOW COST
Content: 

Heading: STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
Content: AVAILABLE 7 DAYS A W EEK

Heading: CALL ANYTIME (collect)
Content: (212) 371-6670

Heading: or
Content: (212) 759-6810

Heading: WOMEN'S
Content: 

Heading: PAVILION
Content: 

Heading: Need Extra
Content: 

Heading: MONEY!
Content: Sell your arts and crafts thru--

Heading: THE ART POD
Content: 

Heading: 411 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: Information A bout

Heading: L E G A L ,
Content: 

Heading: N E W  Y O R K
Content: 

Heading: abortions
Content: #  Expert certified Gynecologists a  Choice of top private hospitals and private
    clinics. #  Appointments scheduled wttn- in 24 hours . . #  Travel
    arrangements available #  TOTAL COST BELOW $250

Heading: FOR EARLY PREGNANCIES--
Content: 

Heading: FEE IN C L U D E D
Content: 

Heading: C A L L  E IT H E R  O F F IC E  FO R
Content: 

Heading: A S S IS T A N C E
Content: (201) 334-3738 (212) 885-1314 N e w  Y o rk  M edical Referral A gency RTS- 11 &
    15-- SELINSGROVE PHONE 743-1514

Heading: SALES
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE --  PARTS
Content: 

Heading: COMPLETE TOWINO
Content: & BODY SHOP WORK

Heading: sTRnno
Content: 

Heading: S U N B U R Y . P A .
Content: 

Heading: N O W  P L A Y IN G
Content: W eekdays at 7 8c 9 Sal. from  1 p.m. Sun. from  2 pun.

Heading: ,, M
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER in EUROPE tor $199.00
Content: JUNE 5 -- AUGUST 2 6 ------------------- LONDON $199. JULY 9 -- AUGUST 2 3
    ....................... LONDON $219

Heading: C A L L  S A L L Y  U P L A N D  (717) 524-1477
Content: 

Heading: B U C K N E L L  S T U D E N T  F L IG H T S
Content: Bucknell Students and Educational Staff Price Based on 60 Seats) nwMui newt
    <<sau

Heading: Ali MacGraw * RyanOHeal
Content: 

Heading: !fs a jumpsuit. . .it's Hotpants. . .it's sensational!
Content: 

Heading: ST. LAWRENCE UNIVERSITY
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER SESSIONS
Content: 

Heading: Undergraduate -June I - July 2 & June 28 - July 30
Content: UP TO 8 CREDIT HOURS Liberal Arts Offerings Near Adirondaeks Computer Science
    St. Lawrence Seaway Summer Theatre Workshop Thousand Islands

Heading: Write: Director of Summer Sessions-
Content: 

Heading: St.
Content: 

Heading: Lawrence University, Canton, N. Y. 13617_
Content: A HOWARD 6. MINSKY - ARTHUR HUER Produci>>

Heading: John Marley & Ray Millanti
Content: 0KH SEGAL ARTHUR HILLER HOWARD GUMSCT

Heading: I #
Content: 

Heading: ...
Content: 

Heading: taM<<
Content: 

Heading: memo,
Content: MAOSOtOER FRANCIS LAI . few

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: A PR IL 16, 1971
Content: 

Heading: PAG E FIV E
Content: BUimillBlUfl u u w iiiiH H iiiH u u ia u iu a iiiiiw m iw u u a iu iiw iu u w !i
    fr \Mk #####EMaMMMMIMMMBHMBMBBMBHHMMMBNMagi wtEEEEKEEEEEEEk w

Heading: Gaining Ground
Content: 

Heading: Cindermen Outdistance Juniata;
Content: 

Heading: lauman, Dillinger Set Records
Content: 

Heading: BU Athletes Chosen
Content: By MARK KNODERER The Bison track team sped past Juniata last Monday, 86-59,
    setting their third and fourth school records of the season and evening
    their record at 2-2. The win was tougher than ex pected due to strong
    competition from the Indians, but Gulden's men responded with a championship
    ef fort. After eleven events the Bisons led only 51-44, but 1-2 finishes in
    the two mile, high jump, and dis cus, and a win in the mile relay ballooned
    the lead to 80-47. The win was also well balanced as the field event half of
    the team outscored Juniata 38-25, and the runners scored 48 points to the
    Indians 34. Doug Nauman broke the first record of the meet by heaving the
    javelin 206'2", breaking the old record by nearly four feet. Sophomore Len
    Dillinger was the other record breaker, as he cleared 6'3" in the high jump,
    breaking the old record by three quarters of an inch. Right behind him was
    Randy Mattison who cleared 6'2". Dillinger also placed second in the broad
    jump with a leap of 21'6%", his best of the season. Mitch Farbstein and
    Kevin Mc Cartney placed 1-2 in the discus, while Tarras Onischenko won the
    shot put with his best effort of the season, 46'1%". Coach Gulden was
    especially happy with his distance runners who defeated Juniata ace Dennis
    Weidler in both the mile and two mile. In the mile co-captain Rick Francel
    ran a relatively easy race and won in 4:27.3. Weidler finished in 4:28.0,
    and Tom Hagarty followed in 4:32.3. The 1-2 finish of Scott Bartram and
    Hagarty in the two mile began the Bison breakaway, and the In dians were
    never in the meet again. John Lamer, meanwhile, won the 880 in 1:58.2, a
    time which Coach Gulden noted was a "fine effort, considering he had no
    competition." A Bison 1-2-3 sweep in the 120 high hurdles provided the
    narrow cushion which the team held throughout the meet until the big
    breakaway. Steve Dautel, John Newman, and Bob Smith provided the manpower.
    Both relays also continued to im prove. The mile relay team of Paul Nermle,
    John Lamer, Glenn Mc Laughlin, and Francel lowered their time to 3:26.8 an
    average of 51.7 a man. The 440 relay team has not won all year, but the
    Bisons are getting closer. The team of Rick Bullock, Steve Aronoff, Bill
    Hamil ton, and Len Clayton finished at 45.0, only a tenth of a second be
    hind the Indians. McLaughlin and Hermle both had their best times of the
    year in the 440, 52.3 and 52.4 respectively. John Newman had his fastest
    time ever 57.2 in the 440 hurdles. Aronoff and Hamilton finished 2-3 in the
    100 yard dash, and Hamilton placed second in the 220. Nine Bucknell athletes
    have been chosen to appear in the 1971 edition of Outstanding College
    Athletes of America. This year's selections were Alex Anderson, Paul Biko,
    Rick Francel, Don Giacomelli, Mike Huffman, Lou Kissling, Gene Luc- carelli,
    Glenn Mars and Tom Ri- voire. Coaches and athletic directors from individual
    colleges across the nation nominated the winning ath letes on the basis of
    their displayed abilities, not only in athletics but also in community
    service and campus activities. Anderson is captain of the tennis team. He
    has a three-year singles record of 28-1 and has won 24 in a row. Last year
    the senior was a member of the MAC championship doubles team and the A
    Division consolation singles winner at the 1970 ECAC tournament. Biko
    displayed exceptional leader ship qualities in his first year on the varsity
    basketball team. He

Heading: Netmen Shutout ssullets;
Content: 

Heading: Syracuse Beats Stickmen
Content: 

Heading: ur
Content: Scott Bartram's first place finish in the two mile helped the cindermen clinch
    their second win of the season. (Photo by Phil Cheney) By JIM NORTHRIDGE The
    Bison racketeers netted their twentieth victory in a row as they shut out
    the Gettysburg Bullets 9-0. The netmen controlled every game and dispatched
    the Bullets in workmanlike fashion. Steve Baird, A1 Anderson, Jim Lackritz,
    continued their winning streaks in single play. Even more important were the
    strong games played by the bottom three single players Keith Kimball, Bob
    Christ ianson, and Bruce Kevan. These players could make all the difference
    in the world when the Bisons take on a strong Rider squad

Heading: Bison Hitters Halt Temple
Content: By KEN DOAK The Bison batters gave Temple "triple trouble" Tuesday, and com
    bined with Bill Lane's strong pitch ing for a 4-2 decision. John Rudolph
    belted out two triples and a double to spark a 10- hit attack, which also
    included three-baggers by Gene Luccarelli and Chris Riley. Temple jumped out
    to a 1-0 lead as they scratched out a run without a hit in the first inning.
    Bison leadoff man Luccarelli then started the Herd off with a triple but was
    thrown out in a home-run bid. In the second, BU took a 2-1 edge as Mike
    Marinchak singled, Rudolph tripled, and Steve Eck delivered a base-hit. A
    three-bagger by Riley, followed by Rudolph's double, upped the margin to 3-1
    the next inning. How ever, the Owls pushed across a score in the fifth to
    tighten things up. BU gave Lane some breathing room in the eighth when
    Rudolph hit a towering shot to left-center

Heading: Outing Club Members
Content: 

Heading: Sweep Kish Contests
Content: On Saturday, April 3, representa tives of the BU Outing Club canoe ing division
    returned triumphant after placing first, second, and third in the kayak
    salom event of the Kish Races. Allan Quant took first place with a time of
    167 seconds, Dave Miller followed a scant three seconds be hind, and Don
    Seibert placed third. Earner that day tne powerful team of Betsy Justis and
    Allan Quant crossed the finish line a frustrating thirteen seconds behind
    the winners to take second place in the open-boat (canoe) division of the
    three mile down-river race. Dave Miller maintained the BUOC team effort by
    taking a solid second in the kayak division of that same race. Meanwhile,
    near Petersburg, West

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: 

Heading: ' S
Content: 

Heading: House of Fashion
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-0790
Content: 

Heading: xccecccccccccccccaooo>>
Content: Virginia, Charlie Walbridge and Ray Charles competed against the best canoeists
    and kayakers in the U.S.A. in the Middlestates Slalom and Wildwater
    Championships. In the slalom Ray finished in the top half of a field of
    sixty; how ever, in the Potomac Highland Wildwater Race (ten mile down river
    race), he was plagued by faulty equipment. for three bases, and Eck singled
    him home for a 4-2 lead. Lane meanwhile scattered 4 hits as he evened his
    record at 1-1, He fanned 8 and walked 7 while hurl ing the full 9 innings.
    Rudolph's slugging raised his club-leading average to .462. Eck, who has
    been a pleasant surprise in his first season with the Bison nine, leads in
    RBIs with five. The Bu record now stands at 2-4. They visit LaSalle today,
    and Rider tomorrow in an MAC doubleheader. It should be an interesting
    weekend for Tommy Thompson's squad if the attack continues to click. j
    *XKK~XK~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X'

Heading: Abortion
Content: 

Heading: Information
Content: Guidance for *  C E R T IF IE D G Y N E C O L O G IS T S *  C H O IC E  O F  T O
    P  P R IV A T E C L IN IC S  A N D  H O S P IT A L S *  A P P O IN T M E N T
    S A V A IL A B L E W IT H IN  2 4  H O U R S . (212) TR 7-8562

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: Certified Abortion Information All Inquiries Confidential this Saturday at home.
    Coach Reynolds commented, "Rider is one of the strongest teams on our
    schedule. We'll have to be at our best for this one." The laxmen ended up on
    the short end of the stick as Syracuse out- scored the Bisons 14-10. The
    Orange men and the Big Blue traded goals until the end of the third quarter
    where the Bucknell stickmen were ahead 9-8. But Syracuse scored six times in
    the final period to win going away. Syracuse's record now stands at 6- 0.
    Gary and Lou Kissling lead the Bisons on attack with two goals and three
    assists apiece, while Dan Nourse fired in three goals. Sophomore Jim Tonges
    had a busy day in the goal with 19 saves. The stickmen's record now stands
    at 2-2 as they travel to Rutgers to battle for a winning record tomor row.

Heading: Aquarian Sleeper
Content: 

Heading: WATER BED
Content: 5 YEAR GUARANTEE

Heading: KING SIZE --  84"x72"
Content: 

Heading: -----------
Content: 5 OTHER SIZES AVAILABLE

Heading: $39.50
Content: 

Heading: IMMEDIATE DELIVERY AT BUCKNELL
Content: 

Heading: Watch Repairing & Engraving
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: APRIL 16, 1971 ^xXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX3v was second in
    scoring with an 11.8 average and was runner-up at the foul line with a .710
    percentage. He was named the MVP at the Al bright Invitational Tournament in
    December. Junior Rick Francel is captain of the 1971 track team and holds
    the school record in the 80 yard run with a time of 1:54.4. He also co
    captained the 1970 cross country team which was 9-1. Don Giacomelli was co-
    captain of the 1970 football team. He lettered in football for three years
    and played offensive and defensive half back and quarterback. Senior Mike
    Huffman was co captain of the swimming team which won the MAC University
    Division championship. At the MAC'S he won the 1650-yard free style by
    setting a Bison record, swam on the victorious 800-yard freestyle relay
    team, finished third in the 500-yard freestyle and sixth in the 200-yard
    freestyle. Lou Kissling is a senior co-captain of the lacrosse team. He
    holds Bison scoring records for most goals in a game with six, in a season
    with 31 and and in a career which he is still improving upon. Gene
    Luccarelli is co-captain of the baseball team. Gene has won three letters in
    football and is in his third year as a regular on the baseball nine.
    Luccarelli is the Bisons' all-time record holder for pass interceptions in a
    season (10), career (18), and most yards return ed with interceptions in one
    season (128). Senior Glenn Mars captained the 1970 soccer team and was the
    squad's top scorer. Glenn was se lected as a member of the MAC West first
    team. Junior Tom Rivoire became BU's first wrestler to participate in the
    NCAA University Championships. His dual meet record was 10-3 at 150 pounds
    and he finished fourth at the District H qualifying tourna ment.

Heading: Sig Derby
Content: The SX Derby will be held tomor row afternoon from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. on the field
    behind Swartz Hall.

Heading: All
Content: are welcome.

Heading: For A nti-Estab lishm ent Fashion
Content: 

Heading: Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 400 Market Street Lewisburg, Pa Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind of
    livin g ........... You can do your own kind of dressing in fashions from

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: -----
Content: 

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: 

Heading: ----
Content: 

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: FRI-SAT-SUN-MON-TUES
Content: 

Heading: W in n er of A ca d e m y  A w a rd
Content: 

Heading: Best A ctre ss of the Y e a r
Content: 

Heading: Glenda Jackson
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: t

Heading: I
Content: X?

Heading: I  Call Hunt Worth at
Content: 

Heading: 524-3158
Content: 

Heading: for Demonstration t
Content: PS**X--X --X --X--X --X--X--X --X --X--X --X--X--X--X --X --.--X --X**X--X>*X--X
    --i--*-

Heading: -in-
Content: 

Heading: "WOMEN IN LOVE"
Content: ONE EVENING PERFORMANCE AT 9:00

Heading: Plus --  Plus --  Plus --  Plus --  Plus --  Plus
Content: 

Heading: A C A D E M Y  A W A R D  N O M IN EE
Content: 

Heading: LEE G R AN T
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: "THE LANDLORD"
Content: ONE EVENING PERFORMANCE AT 7:00

Heading: VOLUME
Content: 

Heading: LXXni --
Content: 

Heading: NO. 43
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY. APRII, 20. 1971
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: A f f

Heading: i
Content: "Your Own Thing," a modem musical comedy version of Shake speare's "Twelfth
    Night," will be brought to the University Saturday, April 24, at 8:30 in
    Davis Gym. The tongue-in-cheek, modern re telling of the Shakesperean tale
    of mixed-up lovers deals with the mis taken-identity complications in the
    romances of a pair of twins - one a boy, and one a girl who feels obliged to
    masquerade as a boy. The musical comedy, complete with New York cast under
    the di rection of Richard Nagel, won the 1968 New York Drama Critics' *
    Circle Award, one of the most high ly coveted prizes that any American stage
    presentation can hope to at tain. In the thirty-three years that this award
    has been bestowed since it was founded, it has never been given to an off-
    broadway New York production - not even to the ac claimed, long-running
    "Three Penny Opera." Almost every Shakespearean play has been turned into an
    opera, but only four of his works have been adapted into musical comedy
    form, and all have been wonderfully suc cessful. The first, of course, was
    "Kiss Me, Kate," based on "The Taming of the Shrew," which was a mag
    nificent hit, running 1,077 perform ances in New York from 1948 through
    1951.

Heading: jBudmellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY, LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Dorm Committee Submits
Content: 

Heading: Self-Determination Motion
Content: Look-alike brother and sister cavort in the Broadway rock musical "Your Own
    Thing." Show will be presented Sat. April 24 at 8:9) in Davis Gym.

Heading: Broadway Musical
Content: 

Heading: Rocks Shakespeare
Content: The second was a similar peak in theatrical history -- the adaptation of "Romeo
    and Juliet" called "West Side Story," which drew New York ers to 981
    performances, 1957-1960. The third, "The Boys from Syra cuse," based on "The
    Comedy of Errors," ran 500 performances in (Continued on Page 3) By LUCY
    TYRRELL Changes in residence regulations, 24-hour visitation, and dorm auto
    nomy -- Possible? According to members of the New Dorm House Council
    Committee on Self Deter mination, who recently drew up a proposal to effect
    residence hall self-determination of visitation hours, there is hope. On
    April 5, this proposal was pre sented to President Charles H. Watts II, Dean
    John P. Dunlop, the Office of University Residence Halls, the Student
    Affairs Commit tee, Miss Brenda Gordon, and Miss Margaret Peck. Sometime
    this week, Affairs Com mittee plans to send a report to President Watts,
    including informa tion compiled about the current system of dorm operation
    and visi tation hours and also recommended changes. Although the New Dorm
    Com mittee feels its document may not be accepted in its present form, or
    may not be the proposal which will be acted upon, the New Dorm Com mittee
    hopes that the petition will be incorporated into the larger re port to be
    made by the Student Affairs Committee and to be acted upon (in the near
    future) by Presi dent Watts. The New Dorm Council Commit tee want to try to
    institute a policy of self-determination for all resi dence halls. The
    Committee bases their pro posal on the results of a question naire
    concerning visitation hours and regulations circulated in New Dorm in
    October. Of the 309 resi dents polled, 86% favored the pro posed visitation
    hours of 24-hour open dorms and 82% favored hall autonomy within the maximum
    limit. The complete results are in cluded in the proposal for self de
    termination. The actual document presented by the New Dorm Committee
    includes resolutions for changes both in the

Heading: I)C Demons tra tion Saturday
Content: 

Heading: Committees Call for Moratorium May 5
Content: Presidents of the three largest national student organizations - the National
    Student Association, the Association of Student Govern ments, and the
    Student Mobiliza tion Committee - are calling for a national moratorium on
    May 5 in support of the immediate with drawal of all U.S. forces from Indo
    china. May 5 will also be a day of com memoration at campuses through out
    the nation of the killing of stu dents at Kent State and Jackson State
    Universities. In what has been described as "the strongest one-two punch in
    the history of the anti-war movement," the massive demonstrations sche duled
    for Washington, D.C. and San Francisco this Saturday will be

Heading: Nachshin Endorses
Content: 

Heading: Protest Letter
Content: 

Heading: Open
Content: By JUNE CAFFREY Bob Nachshin, along with more than 400 other student presidents
    and college editors, has signed an open letter to president Nixon con
    demning his policies in Vietnam and charging that the Administra tion
    "seriously misinterprets the mood of both the campus and the countryside."

Heading: Zietlow Condocts
Content: 

Heading: Training Session
Content: By RICHARD HUMPHREY 1 Carl Zietlow, coordinator of non violent civil
    disobedience training for the April-May peace actions in Washington,

Heading: D.C.,
Content: will conduct an action training session tomorrow at the Cowan Conference Center
    from 2 until 12 p.m. Mr. Zietlow is sponsored by the Bucknell Students for
    Peace. The session is designed to bring the participants to an understanding
    of the nature and psychology of civil disobedience by analyzing the
    (Continued on Page 3) The letter attacks the president's "Vietnamization"
    policy, contend- ind that "changing the color of the corpses does not end
    the war." The statement, released in Wash ington last week, is signed by the
    largest number of student leaders to sign such a protest against the war.
    According to a recent New York Times article, 100 student leaders sent an
    open letter to President Johnson in December 1969, express ing anxiety and
    doubts over the war. In the spring of 1967, 200 student leaders sent a
    similar letter, and, in April 1969, 253 student presidents and editors
    signed a statement say ing that they would go to jail rather than be
    drafted, "as long as the war in Vietnam continues." Nachshin noted that this
    last letter aroused a "good deal of pub lic sentiment." Regarding his de
    cision to endorse the present state ment Nachshin said, "Hopefully, efforts
    by student leaders will bring forth greater consciousness on the (Continued
    on Page 3) followed by the local moratoriums throughout the country on May
    5. Bob Nachshin, president of the Association for Bucknell Students, is
    enthusiastic about the possibilities for a University moratorium. He
    commented that, "I hope the ABS will aid the Bucknell Students for Peace in
    working in the University and the community to urge people to join in a call
    for a National Moratorium on May 5. "If there is a cessation of busi- ness-
    as-usual at the University, 1 hope this will be a day of serious activity to
    show the world that we cannot continue in a horrifying war that is
    polarizing all segments of our society." In a letter to the SMC, Nachshin
    stated that, "The ABS supports the efforts of the Student Mobilization
    Committee and the National Peace Action Coalition (the sponsors of the anti-
    war marches and rallies scheduled in Washington and Sail Francisco on April
    24) and encour ages members of the University community to support their
    efforts to prove that the nation is truly determined to end the war NOW in a
    legal and peaceful manner." The students sponsoring the na tional moratorium
    state that, "We call for a day of actions which will involve all forms of
    non-violent pro test to show the world that Nixon and Agnew cannot continue
    to carry on their criminal policy in our (Continued on Page 3) "University
    Policy Regarding Resi dence Requirements" and in the "Regulations Relating
    to Residence) Halls." The primary resolution proposes, "Through a procedure
    to be de termined by the governing body of each resident unit, each
    fraternity and residence hall may determine its own visitation hours for
    both public and private roams. Each living unit shall be re sponsible,
    through its Disciplinary Committee, for adjudicating vio lations of the
    unit's visitation reg ulations by its residents." The two resolutions are
    followed by an "explanation and rationale" -- both philosophical and
    practical, included is perhaps the main argu ment for the proposal,
    implemented by quoting from "Presenting Uni versity Residence Halls" the Uni
    versity's belief concerning the co- residential living situation. "Men and
    women living closer together and coming into more fre quent, informal
    contact fosters a stronger feeling of community and further encourages
    personal growth and maturity." It further states that, '"Increased contacts
    between men and women in everyday ac tivities. . .results in their develop
    ing more mature, natural relation ships." The New Dorm Committee pro posal
    then asks, "How mature and natural can relationships be when arbitrary cut-
    offs points for com munication and activity are im posed?" The proposal also
    presents a sug- (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Students Question Soviets,
Content: 

Heading: Protest Oppressed Jews
Content: By GINA SMITH Protesting the oppression of Jews in the Soviet Union,
    approximately fifty students silently dsmostrated at a lecture given by two
    Soviet representatives last Thursday night. The lecture, entitled "Lenin's
    View of Imperialism," was not dis rupted by the silent demonstration.
    Students holding posters, such as "Let My People Go," lined the back and
    sides of Coleman 102A. Senior Steve Billig, who coordin ated this action
    with Andy Lesser, explains the motives behind this action:

Heading: Speakers Denounce Penology,
Content: 

Heading: Advocate 'Prisonless' Society
Content: By ED MARSTON "Prison is a place where you lose your face." This was the
    dominant theme of a panel discussion on prisons held Saturday afternoon,
    sponsored by Psi Chi, the psychology honorary society. The speaker was Jack
    Cook, a former inmate at Lewisburg Penitentiary and Allenwood Prison Farm.
    Cook said, "Every institution has an implicit definition of man, and you are
    always standing in relation to that definition. In prison your manhood is
    attacked and you live as a failure." Appearing with Cook was David
    Greenberg, author and advocate of prison reform. Greenberg stated that
    progressive penology has been a failure because it is just another "mask"
    for the coersion of the in dividual by society. "Prison is an evil, because
    it denies autonomy, degrades dignity, impairs or destroys self-reliance,
    inculcates resentment, fractures family ties, and prejudices the prisoner's
    future prospects for any improvement in economic or social status." This
    occurs, Greenberg said, des pite superficial changes in the prisoner's
    standard of living. He also pointed out that although some individual acts
    prohibited by law are harmless, the most harmful acts of the last century
    have been (Continued on Page 3) "First, we realized that having the two
    Soviets here presented a fine opportunity to protest against the
    maltreatment of Russian Jews. The two Russians consented to speak here,
    hoping to report the mood hare on campus. We wore able to demonstrate our
    strong con cern for the plight of Russian Jews to them. "Also, our action
    served to in form the University community of what is going on in the Soviet
    Union. Few people realize the ex tent of the oppression against Soviet
    Jews." Although the Soviets did not re spond to the protest on Thursday,
    their Friday night lecture on the Five Year Plan was devoted mainly to the
    question of Soviet Jews. The two representatives, George Isachenko, editor
    of Soviet

Heading: Life
Content: magazine, and Eugene Lukyantzev, second secretary of information for the Soviet
    embassy, denied most cf the reports of Soviet Jewish "cul tural genocide."
    For example, they attributed the closing of all Jewish seminaries (training
    schools for rabbis) in the Soviet Union to the fact that there is no demand
    for rabbis today. When asked why so many Russian Jews are requesting exit
    visas, one Soviet replied jokingly that not only Jews are trying to leave
    the court try. Billig explains the Thursday pro test as a "spontaneous
    demonstra tion within the University com munity;" although there are numer
    (Continued on Page 3) ilUUIJMM* m !EEiHWSalB^SBgijK t m

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: Earth
Content: 

Heading: - -
Content: 

Heading: Our
Content: 

Heading: Only
Content: 

Heading: Home
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: This is Earth Week. President Nix
Content: 

Heading: on and many state governors have de
Content: 

Heading: clared that this week will be set aside for
Content: 

Heading: intensive local activity directed towards
Content: 

Heading: preserving the quality of our environ
Content: 

Heading: ment. Most would agree that large rallies
Content: 

Heading: with important personages mouthing
Content: 

Heading: platitudes do not accomplish concrete ad
Content: 

Heading: vances towards pollution control or con
Content: 

Heading: servation.
Content: ,, t - , __ , ,

Heading: -n.
Content: 

Heading: Last year the focus of Earth Day
Content: 

Heading: was to create a national awareness, a
Content: 

Heading: national outrage at the senseless destruc
Content: 

Heading: tion of our natural resources. This has
Content: 

Heading: been accomplished. Now the focus should
Content: 

Heading: be to transform this concern into action
Content: 

Heading: -- action directed towards the involve
Content: 

Heading: ment of every individual.
Content: 

Heading: What has happened here in the past
Content: 

Heading: year7 For one day last April everyone
Content: 

Heading: was an
Content: e c o lo g is t.

Heading: After the fanfare died
Content: 

Heading: down, so did the ecology movement. The
Content: 

Heading: freshmen have a paper drive going, yet
Content: 

Heading: the environmental coordination commit
Content: 

Heading: tee has barely gotten off the ground.
Content: 

Heading: The Susquehanna Valley is, for the
Content: 

Heading: most part, a beautiful, clean place. We
Content: 

Heading: look towards the cities and turn away
Content: 

Heading: at the disgusting, constant pollution.
Content: 

Heading: Fortunately, industry and technology
Content: 

Heading: have, up to this point, left us alone. But
Content: 

Heading: this area is beginning to grow. According
Content: 

Heading: to predictions, we will continue to rapidly
Content: 

Heading: expand. This community must profit
Content: 

Heading: from mistakes others have made. The
Content: 

Heading: time will come when it will be too late
Content: 

Heading: to preserve the quality of life if we
Content: 

Heading: don't act now.
Content: 

Heading: As a small step in tryng to undo all
Content: 

Heading: the damage that the great American
Content: 

Heading: technological explosion has accomplish
Content: 

Heading: ed, the University could help the en
Content: 

Heading: vironment by banning automobiles from
Content: 

Heading: the campus. In such pleasant surround
Content: 

Heading: ings as those here, we find it hard to
Content: 

Heading: understand why students and faculty
Content: 

Heading: members must drive cars all over the
Content: 

Heading: hill, polluting the air as they go, especial
Content: 

Heading: ly since this is a relatively small campus.
Content: 

Heading: Wouldn't it be so much nicer to walk
Content: 

Heading: and enjoy the clean air, the grass,
Content: 

Heading: flowers, and trees instead of helping to
Content: 

Heading: destroy these things? What are our pri
Content: 

Heading: orities: technology or nature? We pro
Content: 

Heading: pose that the parking lot-street between
Content: 

Heading: Olin Science and Dana Engineering be
Content: 

Heading: grassed ovei, thereby providing another
Content: 

Heading: quad and increasing the beauty of the
Content: 

Heading: campus.
Content: 

Heading: So many people assume, naively,
Content: 

Heading: that if Nature is left alone, somehow
Content: 

Heading: Nature will take care of itself. For
Content: 

Heading: Nature to recreate the beauty that once
Content: 

Heading: was, the source of most pollution, Man,
Content: 

Heading: must help fight the battle. Otherwise
Content: 

Heading: Nature may determine that Man can
Content: 

Heading: not be included in its redevelopment
Content: 

Heading: plans.
Content: 

Heading: =FROM THE EDITOR'S DESK=
Content: 

Heading: Spring Is Time to March
Content: .B y  JACK SCHMIDT; Cherry blossom time is drawing to a close as spring moves m
    ,,ear in Washington this week. With spring comes the clear skies, w arn
    weather and green grass that makes protest m archingso J W ^ b^_ Support for
    the April 24 march in the capital will probably hinge upon such unrelated
    variables as these. One secretary to a Pronunant M ; western senator
    remarked, " If the weather's nice, I guess 111 be there. This attitude of
    indifference is indicative of the s g e t h e  M tw ar movement these days.
    Those who are committed to endmg the war are they t h 4  must be done, while
    the great massse sit around waiting for the war " to wind itself down."  One
    need look only as far back as this past weekend's " Web of War'' programs.
    Those whose atti tudes are relatively clear about the war heard much of what
    Uiey already knew while those who remain unsure found better ways to pass
    the tun . S c a n s  continue to run from the realities of a continuing war.
    I spent some time in DC this weekend, and the city dof n PS 1f v e J?(r)
    rame sense of emergency that pre-march Washington usually has. I saw only a
    few posters in the Georgetown area, and most of them concerned Mayday, not
    April 24. As with other causes which continue for a length of time' 1'b^

Heading: S
Content: government soon jump on the bandwagon. More correctly, they put one f ^  on the
    bandwagon, and get on it only if they are sure they wdl be controlling its
    course. Otherwise they build an alternative ^ f o{ Many " dove"  senators
    have endorsed the march, but if the staft ot Senator S i  Ste.enaon HI (M
    il.) la any Indication, >>0 one r e ^ y thinks the march will do any good.
    In fact, many up on the hill are totally unaware that there will even be a
    march. This is not to say that the staffs of liberal senators are usually m
    tune with the essence of radical politics. But the April 24 march is even
    radical in nature, and staffs usually have some idea what is gomg on the
    city Before the November, 1969 march, staffs were busy as their V ia to r
    was d S L g  how to react to the coming events. This year, business goes on
    as usual. The Peace Action Coalition is hoping to top th e m S-ch^ 1969
    march and with good weather they just might. Rallies and march** !J J  "
    derating*'experien ce -  the sense of commumty estobhshed hTsuch times is
    enough to bring many who are unsure about the worth degf A p r f2 ? 'is
    nothing new, and the day of the mass marches may| a t ready have ended. But
    with good weather, this march may be another success Success in numbers,
    that it, not in effectiveness. If y ever marched, go down for the
    experience; if you have marched, then vou might want to go down for more of
    the same. Either way, the march

Heading: X ite l
Content: aTythtog SO why not take the day off and enjoy springtime in Washington?
    Remember the Senate. . . At the April faculty meeting, the group failed to
    approve an ABS suggestion that one Administrator be appointed to the Senate
    Committee. The motion failed, but a general concern be se ^ that the
    document be immediately considered by the Conference C otu mittee The ABS in
    a gesture of community, accepted the facilitys insfetenee toa tn o
    Administrator be consulted, so that toe Senate could move quickly into
    committee. The weeks are passing and the FAC has yet to name its selections
    to toe Committee. They may be trymg to stall toe document to death, or at
    least push its ratification into next year. One w o n d ^ r S r e  we first
    got toe idea that we could all work together in governing the University.

Heading: Comments?
Content: The BUCKNELLIAN is interested in receiving comments from Ml members of the
    community con cerning any topics of concern. Ad dress letters and columns to
    Edi torials Editor, BUCKNELLIAN.

Heading: Elections
Content: To toe Editor: I originally ran for the presidency of my class merely for the
    sake of taking an active role in the election. I never ran for office in
    high school and, as a result, never really ex pected to win. However, I was
    ap palled at the way in which the campaigns were publicized, the lack of
    issues, and most importantly, the extent another individual would go in
    order to prevent me, or any one else he didn't approve of, from winning.
    Permit me to clarify these charges. The first and only meeting of all the
    candidates occurred on the Wednesday before the elections. During this time,
    we spent less topi 10 minutes discussing two essential issues: the election
    date, which originally had been planned for toe next day (or so I understood
    from the discussion), was decided upon and the type of signs allowed was
    also agreed upon. When someone suggested that the candidates have a debate,
    the general consensus was an emphatic no; on the basis that no one would
    attend. This would seem a reasonable assumption for how could any attendence
    be expected on such short notice and without any publicity? Then came the
    campaign and the main question that faced m e was my policies. I soon
    discovered that I had none and, except for the fact that we all wanted a
    general im provement of Bucknell life, neither did any other candidates-
    More dis tressing was the realization that even if a letter was published
    con cerning our policies it would never be read by 90% of the class. This
    apathy is confirmed by the minute turnout at the polls, the continuing
    disgusting conditions that exist in all freshman dorms and lounges,
    intramural un-organization, and the quality of our food. Apparently, I had
    been runrnng my campaign skillfully enough to scare someone, though not toe
    other candidates specifically. Election morning I was shocked to learn about
    some fifteen signs in the cafeteria calling me nearly every name under the
    sun and making my campaign a joke. These were no run of the mill signs
    either; be cause they were done with great originality and effort. What hurt
    more than the signs was the sub sequent assumption of all who read them that
    I had put them up, personally. I did not; nor would I ever stoop so low as
    to base my campaign upon the degredation of someone else. Whether or not
    these signs kept me from toe presidency is of little consequence because as

Heading: I
Content: mentioned previously, the outcome of this election was not as im portant to me
    as the actual partici pation. However, to find that such people call
    themselves members of this university has weakened my faith in human nature
    itself. Good luck to Tom Wells, with circumstances like this he'll need it.
    Respectfully, Sey Shindler

Heading: : UNSTACKING THE DECK
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Spiro - - Our Hero
Content: _ By RICK VANCE; Without a doubt I am an extra ordinary individual. My errant
    golf balls slice unsuspecting professional heads, as do my equally errant
    tennis balls, and on at least one occasion my noble forehead has en
    countered toe metallic stupidity of a stanchion that failed to move from my
    privileged path. But do not permit this facade to fool you. For with the
    advent of the college semester I emerge from a cleverly conceived veil of
    buffoonery and assume my God-given role. My slightly handsome face and neck
    become flag-red. My restful but eager lips experience a rebirth of activity,
    which, in conjunction with the clenched whiteness of my fists, gives me, all
    of my hardhat worshippers assure me, a wonder fully American appearance. My
    stance, which I have perfected be fore mirrors, is not unlike that of John
    Wayne, and as I move from podium to podium my strengths be come more
    manifest. With studied sobriety punctuated by practiced smiles and
    rhetorical brilliance I woo the masses of macerated min ions. And though my
    chief task as I stand before and above the hush-

Heading: -  GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: On the People's Peace Treaty
Content: # By ROBERT WENDEL.

Heading: mi*
Content: 

Heading: it
Content: 

Heading: f&utkneUiati
Content: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY Established 1897.
    Published twice

Heading: at 1116
Content: p o r t

Heading: omce
Content: at Lewisurg. Pa. under the act oi March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON --  Business Manager
Content: t h e

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: ___

Heading: E& SS S S S S B S S & nsc
Content: otflea- Focht Prlntlna Co., 229 Market Street, 522-4221 O M C * ' r c o n >> 3 t
    iu if! Brad T u ft>>. 524-1221

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: Upon examining the recent events on campus, I have come to the conclusion that
    Bucknell can be broken down into three major groups: a rather small
    contingent of anti-war, anti-governmental politicians group, a larger "
    American the Beautiful"  group,and the largest group of all--the apathetics.
    It is simply the most fantastic paradox to view the Bison auction one day,
    and then turn to toe People's Peace Treaty which was defeated both in the
    ABS and then by referendum, the next day. Everyone knows that Bucknell in
    general is right of center politically, but during these times when even the
    right wingers think that the Vietnam War has gone too long the tremendously
    aware members of the student body could not find it in their hearts to
    ratify what amounted to a very simple attempt to pressure the government
    into " getting out." Admittedly, the Peace Treaty is not a very good
    document either diplomatically or politically. It leaves a lot to be desvr^
    mJ ^ ^ safeguards during the evacuation of troops, prisoners of war, and
    above all assurances for the safety of toe citizens of South Vietnam. H o w
    le r in examining the strengths and weaknesses of the document one must take
    into consideration who wrote the treaty: a group of more or less non-
    partisan students from both sides, of the ocean. They aren t career
    diplomats, they aren't seasoned politicians, nor are they international
    egalitarians. Certainly, in order to write a document which would actually
    be put into practice, some of the above traits would have been necessary.
    But all of this is getting much too involved. The people w h o w o te to e
    treaty have no intention of actually trying to put the document into
    practice __ they simply wanted to show their respective governments that it
    was possible to sit down at the negotiating table and w riteup a docu ment,
    based very idealistically on the age old concept of trust, without the need
    for government. . Unfortunately, many of those who voted agtonst looked at
    the many holes in the document, saw the fact that much of the d oci^ en tw a
    s based on the premise that the Americans wotod have to trust the good word
    of toe North Vietnamese, and simply felt toat toe proposals in the treaty
    were simply too anti-American, or even can Indeed, Lee Powell found it
    necessary to write a letter to toe editor totally condemning the treaty
    because of the holes in the document, and subsequently an ad hoc committee
    came out violently opposed to the treaty (Lee wrote toe committee's position
    paper which was circulated ^ S i o i s l y t o ^ P ^ p l e 's Peace Treaty
    can and will be ^ many people who simply read what the document says. Bto
    for to who can read between the lines, and can appreciate the motives bduna
    why the students who produced the document w ait through so much to -- -
    ------------------- write it, maybe the ABS will find it worthy of its
    support. Those of us APRIL 20, 1971 who voted for it can only hope so.

Heading: Dorm Committee
Content: ed, helmeted multitudes is not an easy one, Destiny forbids my fail ing. And so,
    spewing with unique ar ticulation I inspire the previously unenlightened
    workers to great heights. Ardently they maul young idealists to their
    senses. Passion ately they familiarize starry-eyed peaceniks with the
    realities of war- t fare. Fervently they shout my name. I am Spiro, their
    hero! Yes,

Heading: I
Content: am Spiro, and someday that " Vice-"  will be gone and I will be President of
    these United States of America. You can rest assured of that.

Heading: Non-Violence
Content: All those interested in attending the non-violent civil disobedience training
    situation tomorrow from 2 until 12 p.m. at Cowan, please notify Betsy Sandel
    (1732) this evening. There will be a fee of two dol lars for students and
    five dollars for non-students. The proceeds will be used to support the
    activities of the People's Coalition. Transporta tion and supper will be
    provided. pick a number step right up and choose your future lifestyle

Heading: NOW
Content: whether the high or lowlands call come see if Fate will grant to you the right
    to make a decent choice, it's over quickly for a few their smiles or frowns
    reveal, but for those bordercases, well. . . only time will tell, the
    lottery may be the only fairest way we've got/ and even all the victims will
    agree they've only Fate to blame. the underlying question though is not toe
    method, friends. . . . sam wonders why there has to be a victim at all?
    (Continued from Page 1) gested method of implementation of the resolutions,
    including sugges tions for maintenance of privacy and security for residents
    by the individual units and for toe creation of a dorm judicial system. Also
    included is that " One floor (or wing) of each dorm could be suggested
    during spring room draw ings for those who wish to maintain the present
    parietal visitation limits." According to the proposal, each governing body
    of the dorm would determine toe visitation hours, and " separate halls or
    floors could de termine their own hours indepen dently." One member of the
    New Dorm Committee said, "We don't know how our proposal will be passed or
    by whom, but hopefully residence

Heading: Zietlow
Content: (Continued from Page 1) set-up and achievement of the goals of civil
    disobedience. The clinic deals with important questions such as: How do I
    accept arrest? What prior provision for lawyers and bail should be made? How
    do I help a member of the group who is losing his cool under harassment? The
    group attending will under take role playing, participate in socio-dramas,
    and share in quick- decision mock actions. Zietlow will also bring the
    latest information concerning Peace action plans for Washington, including
    the centers opened there for on-the- spot training. Zietlow, a member of toe
    Quaker medical ship Phoenix which brought badly needed supplies to Hanoi,
    worked for eight months in Cam bodia for the Quakers and served as liason to
    the North Vietnamese. Since 1968, he has pioneered toe establishment of non-
    violent, direct action training centers. Zietlow has been frequently
    arrested and is in timately acquainted with all toe problems and techniques
    of success ful direct action.

Heading: Speakers
Content: (Continued from Page 1) committed by governments, and these are not illegal.
    Greenberg and Cook both argued for a " prisonless"  society, rather than for
    reforms toat merely strengthen toe hand of prison au thorities. Greenberg
    noted that liberal reforms often advocate " treatment"  rather than " punish
    ment,"  thinking that the two terms indicate a change in purpose. " Thus
    'punishment' is evil and barbaric, but 'treatment' is benign and
    progressive. The fact is that from the offender's standpoint toe two regimes
    are identical in most respects." Cook stated that the prisoner can- not be
    helped by the prison system, that one was either on the side of the prisoner
    or on toe side of the prison authorities. He said that prison psychiatry is
    " in toe service of the prison system, not in toe service of science."
    Representatives from Lewisburg Penitentiary had been scheduled to appear at
    the panel discussion, but they declined at toe last moment. hall self-
    determination of visitation hours might be enacted by Septem ber."

Heading: Moratorium
Content: (Continued from Page 1) name and with our bodies." Debby Bustin, National
    Coordina tor of the SMC, stated toat, " It is one year since the historic
    events of last May, which triggered the most massive explosion of student
    anti-war activity ever in the history of toe United States. " The students
    of this country do not forget either the murders of their sisters and
    brothers at Kent and Jackson, or toe power of our response to the American
    invasion of Cambodia. "The momentum toat is building around April 24 is
    cracking the Ad ministration-touted 'lull' in anti-war activity on America's
    campuses. We plan to channel this momentum into massive local moratoriums
    throughout the country on May 5." It has been urged toat those stu dents who
    are unable to come to Washington help to organize a na tionwide cessation of
    " business as usual"  on May 5, in order to take the People's Peace Treaty
    to their communities. The demonstration in Washington will mass at toe
    Ellipse at 11:00 a.m. At noon, toe demonstrators will march down
    Pennsylvania Avenue, past the White House, and to the Capitol steps, where a
    rally will begin.

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: Book Drive
Content: All types of books and pocket- books are urgently needed for the Prison Library.
    Please drop off any books that you would care to donate at the Bertrand
    Library, April 26 through May 7. For further details call Donna Pinter at
    524-9387 or Jeff Hershberg at 523-3565. Editor's Note: Happening of Note
    should be submitted by 8 a.m., Monday and Thursday, typed on an 8 ^ " x ll"
    sheet of paper. Due to space limitations announcements already listed on the
    Campus Calendar will not be printed. The BUCKNELLIAN reserves the right to
    edit all copy. Priority will be given to Happenings pretaining to the entire
    University community.

Heading: Prisoners
Content: The members of Phi Sigma Alpha are sponsoring an informal

Heading: Nachshin
Content: (Continued from Page 1) part of the American public." The letter calls on the
    President to " reverse futile and immoral policies and use your authority to
    end the bloodshed in Vietnam." " If not,"  the letter goes on, " you will
    have to take responsibility for an intensification of public divisive ness
    and disunity, which will further weaken the already tom moral and social
    fabric of American life. " The outrage and the purposeful ness emerging from
    beneath the surface despair on our campuses, when it is coupled with the
    wide spread loss of public confidence in your Administration, cannot be de
    flected or contained." The campaign was organized by David Hawk, one of the
    organizers of last year's Moratorium, and Den nis Riordan, a former student
    presi dent at Colgate University. Both are draft resisters who are now
    studying at Union Theological Seminary. They began drawing up the letter
    soon after the invasion of Laos in February. discussion of " Prison Reform
    in Pennsylvania,"  featuring two em ployees of the Women's Correction al
    Institution at Muncy. The dis cussion will be held on Tuesday, April 27, at
    7:00 p.m. in New Dorm Pit. Everyone is welcome.

Heading: Tickets
Content: Tickets for Cap and Dagger's production of THE GLASS MENA GERIE are now on sale
    at the Bookstore. The price of admission is $1.75 and $2.00 for all perform
    ances, except on Thursday evening (April 29), when a student discount of
    $1.00 will be in effect.

Heading: Peace March
Content: Anyone interested in attending the March for Peace in Washington on April 24,
    please contact Mike Baron. 1260; Box W - 39, or Larry Glantz, 1250; Box W -
    139 for information as soon as possible. Immediate re sponse is critical, in
    order for ap propriate transportation to be pro vided.

Heading: Piers Plowman
Content: Free guest tickets for " Vision of Christ"  are now available for stu dents and
    their parents at the Uni versity Bookstore. Tickets for other members of the
    academic com munity are available in the office of William B. Weist,
    coordinator for the production, Room 224 Marts Hall.

Heading: Musical
Content: 

Heading: Soviets
Content: 

Heading: Becker Motor Co. - VW
Content: 

Heading: RTS- 11 & 15-- SEUNSOROVE
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 743-1514
Content: 

Heading: SALES
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE --  PARTS
Content: 

Heading: COMPLETE TOWING
Content: 

Heading: & BODY SHOP WORK
Content: 

Heading: Abortion
Content: 

Heading: Information
Content: 

Heading: Guidance for
Content: #  CERTIFIED GYN ECOLO SISTS #  CHOICE OF TOP PRIVATE CLIN ICS AND HOSPITALS #
    APPOINTMENTS AVAILABLE W ITHIN 2 4  HOURS.

Heading: (212) TR 7-8562
Content: 

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: 

Heading: Certified Abortion Information
Content: 

Heading: All Inquiries Confidential
Content: 

Heading: A.B.S.
Content: 

Heading: Agenda
Content: There will be a meeting of the ABS Wednesday, April 21 in Coleman 102A at 7:30
    P.M.

Heading: AGENDA
Content: 1) Report on toe counseling facilities. 2) Resolution on the use of toe
    University Center. 3) Consideration of visitation hours. 4) Motion to
    include Living Unit Representatives on their respec tive Dorm Councils. 5)
    Discussion of an ABS donation to the COR. (Continued from Page 1) ous
    national organizations support ing Soviet Jewry, this group has no outside
    organization behind it. The " impresisive turnout"  Thurs day night,
    according to Billig, was due largely to the circulars dis tributed in the
    campus mails that afternoon. He stresses that not only Jews took part in the
    demonstra tion. " We chose toe form of silent protest because we felt that
    we i could be effective just with our i presence,"  he explained. " In the
    past, a lot of similar American demonstrations were productive. ! After
    protests, Soviets lifted their ban on the Jewish cooking of mat- zos and
    revoked death sentences on two men, one a Jew who was con victed of
    allegedly planning a high jacking." (Continued from Page 1) New York in 1963
    and 1964. The fourth such triumph is "Your Own Thing," by Donald Driver,
    which opened in New York early in January 1968 and drew capacity audiences
    for two years and three months. The comedy has also had long runs in such
    cities as Los Angeles, Chicago, Paris, Berlin, Mexico City, Rome, and
    London. When it first opened in New York, Clive Barnes, critic for the New
    York Times, said in his review that, " This shrewd, witty, pointed, rock and
    boisterous version of 'Twelfth Night' is great fun - the humor of the show
    is light-fingered and light hearted, its vitality and charm are terrific,
    and the music is engag ing."

Heading: HOUSE NEED PAINTING?
Content: 

Heading: INTERIOR O R  EXTERIOR
Content: experienced students seek part lime summer employment Contact BOB RAYMOND 523-
    7401 or ERIC LeROY 524-1357

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    A small fee is charged

Heading: JUNIOR YEAR  ABROAD
Content: 

Heading: Study in Verona, Italy, next year, Academically ac
Content: 

Heading: credited nine-month program in historic Renaissance city
Content: 

Heading: for sophomores and !uniors. Art, literature, history. Family
Content: 

Heading: living. No language prerequisites. Cost, including tuition,
Content: 

Heading: room, board, field trips, one-way transportation: $2690.
Content: 

Heading: Director, Overseas Affairs, Regional Council for International
Content: 

Heading: Education, 1101 Bruce Hall, University of Pittsburgh, Pitts
Content: 

Heading: burgh, Pa- 15213.
Content: 

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: [
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. #
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: of living............You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S
Content: 

Heading: ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: !####H m m -- a m

Heading: GET A  PIZZA THE ACTION
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: PIZZAS, HOAGIES, SANDW ICHES, SOFT DRINKS
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY'S --  523-9251
Content: 

Heading: All Deliveries C.O.D. to individual rooms
Content: 

Heading: Sunday thru Thursday
Content: 

Heading: ----------
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 to Midnight
Content: 

Heading: COLOR PRODUCTIONS
Content: 

Heading: PRESENT
Content: 

Heading: THREE
Content: 

Heading: DOG
Content: 

Heading: NIGHT
Content: 

Heading: FARM SHOW ARENA
Content: 

Heading: HBG., PA. SAT. M AY 15
Content: 

Heading: 8:00 P.M.
Content: -- Advance $5.00 Send Self Addressed Stamp ed Envelope to:--

Heading: COLOR, INC.. BO X 33$
Content: 

Heading: HARRISBURG, PA. 17108
Content: 

Heading: JOIN' AN
Content: 

Heading: EXPEDI TI ON
Content: 

Heading: The American Explorers Asso
Content: 

Heading: ciation is currently recruiting
Content: 

Heading: applicants for salary-paid sum
Content: 

Heading: mer and fall
Content: 

Heading: positions with
Content: 

Heading: private
Content: 

Heading: and
Content: 

Heading: institutional-affil*
Content: 

Heading: iated expeditions to North and
Content: 

Heading: South America, Africa and the
Content: 

Heading: Far East.
Content: 

Heading: Positions are available for
Content: 

Heading: both experienced and inexperi
Content: 

Heading: enced male and female stu
Content: 

Heading: dents in all fields. Students
Content: 

Heading: with interest and/or orientation
Content: 

Heading: j in languages, engineering, ar
Content: 

Heading: cheology,
Content: 

Heading: art,
Content: 

Heading: photography,
Content: 

Heading: i teaching, and all natural sci-
Content: 

Heading: i ences are of special interest.
Content: 

Heading: To apply complete a one
Content: 

Heading: page typed resume that in-
Content: 

Heading: i eludes the following informa-
Content: 

Heading: tion: name address, age, phone,
Content: 

Heading: : experience,
Content: 

Heading: aducation and/or
Content: 

Heading: areas of special interest, dates
Content: 

Heading: available, name(s) of other stu
Content: 

Heading: dents with whom you wish to
Content: 

Heading: work, and any other pertinent
Content: 

Heading: information.
Content: 

Heading: In May your edited resume
Content: 

Heading: will be included in our Directo
Content: 

Heading: ry which will be sent to over
Content: 

Heading: 100 affiliated groups, organi
Content: 

Heading: zations and institutions actively
Content: 

Heading: ; planning overseas expeditions.
Content: 

Heading: Send your resume with $6.00
Content: 

Heading: processing fee to:
Content: 

Heading: P. O. BOX 13190
Content: 

Heading: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Content: 

Heading: 19101
Content: 

Heading: Kindly complete and mail
Content: 

Heading: your resume no later than May
Content: 

Heading: I 15, 1971.
Content: 

Heading: "HEAD" METAL RACQUETS
Content: 

Heading: AVAILABLE THROUGH FRANCHISED DEALER ON CAMPUS
Content: 

Heading: HEAD COMPETITION
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: HEAD MASTER
Content: 

Heading: All racquets with Full Warranties and will be
Content: 

Heading: strung to your specifications.
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: Dealer For: HEAD, WILSON, BANCROFT, TRETORN
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: Contact Greg Freeman at KDR (1525)
Content: APRIL 20, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: SJ* Wr - t lE i "l^""tEm Elm
    tEEllEEHEEEEEEEHEEEEEEHEEEElttElEEEtEEEEEtlEEtEEtEKEEtElEEIIlEEEEi^

Heading: Netmen Overpower Rider
Content: 

Heading: winners and Losers
Content: 

Heading: To Continue Win Streak Bison Cindermen Crush Albright;
Content: 

Heading: Defeated by Lafayette Leopards
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL BU's netmen had a suprisingly easy time in defeating a tough
    Rider team at home 8-1, Saturday. Both teams entered the match with
    unblemished 5-0 records. Before the match, Coach Rey nolds expressed concern
    about Rider's top two singles players. Top seeded Bison Steve Baird quickly
    dispelled any fears with a 6-2, 6-4 win over Rider's top man Ted Sauer.
    Captain Alex Anderson also de- cisioned his opponent in straight sets.
    Anderson now holds a 28 straight match win streak. Jim Lackritz and Keith
    Kimball dropped one set each in winning their matches. Both are unbeaten
    this season as is number one ranked Baird. In the Bisons only individual de
    feat, Bob Christianson dropped a 3-6, 3-6 contest. Playing number six
    singles, fresh man Bruce Kevan continued his fine play with a 6-4, 6-4
    triumph. Kevan teamed with senior Frank Martino to capture the third doubles
    in the closest match of the after noon. Fighting off a match point against
    them, Kevan and Martino won the marathon 4-6, 7-5, 8-6. The number one and
    number two doubles teams of Baird and Ander son, and Lackritz and Kimball re
    spectively, also won to turn the match into a rout. The Bisons are now 6-0
    for the year with four of those wins coming against MAC opponents. Since
    1969 the Herd has 21 consecutive vic tories. The Netmen's next match is a
    home contest against Rutgers, Sat urday. Junior Steve Baird has been a pri
    mary reason for the continued suc cess of the Bison tennis team. (Ph>>to by
    Bob Arnold) By JIM NORTHRIDGE In what had to be one of the most lopsided
    wins ever for a Bison track team, the cindermen obliter ated Albright
    124-21, yesterday at home. Highlights of the meet in cluded two school
    records broken and sweeps of seven events. Coach Gulden commented that, "
    Albright had to leave several team members home, but our margain of victory
    was so big I really don't think that it mattered." There appeared to be a
    marked contrast between the Coach Gulden who was at the Albright meet com
    pared to the one who was at the Lafayette meet last Saturday. Then, it was
    the Bisons who were being beaten 90-55. Last Saturday the Big Blue just
    couldn't get off the ground as the Leaopords swept the pole vault, high
    jump, and long jump, as well at the 220 and 2 mile events. In those five
    events the Bisons gave up 40 points while not earning any. The Leapords had
    an extremely strong squad especially where they had to compete against the
    best of the Bison strengths. For example.

Heading: Golfers Drop Blue Hen Decision,
Content: 

Heading: But Show Potential for Future
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE Last Friday the linksmen travel ed to Delaware University and
    lost a 5-2 decision. The golfers did an outstanding job when one considers
    the closeness of several of the matches and the fact that the match was
    played on the Blue Hens' nest ing grounds. Senior Mark Reddy won 5 and 4 in
    the number one singles slot. He was up against Bill Horman, who had a nine
    match winning streak and has to be one of the top ama teurs in the East
    according to Bison Coach Brad Tufts. In the number six position, a freshman,
    George Ferrantelli won his match on the nineteenth hole. This match should
    be a big boost of confidence in the coming matches whenever the pressure is
    really on. Delaware definitely did not run away with the match. Coach Tufts
    commented that, " Our last two matches were on our opponents' home courses.
    This is a definite ad vantage when it comes to setting your ball up in the
    proper lie when ever you are approaching a dogleg or other blind angles.''
    Other Bison golfers who turned in creditable performances were freshman
    Keith Anderson who lost 2 and 1 in the number seven slot and soph Dan Stetz
    who lost 1 Up in the number two position. Stetz was four down at the turn
    but he made a fine recovery and won the next three until he was stalemated.
    The Bisons will be traveling to Pitt this week before entertaining Mansfield
    and Susquehanna at home in a 1:30 match on Thursday.

Heading: Scarlet Knights Rally Over Laxmen; |
Content: 

Heading: i BpJ ,JsTsij)Jaj,
Content: 

Heading: Rider Rnns Ahead of Diamondmen
Content: 

Heading: t h a t
Content: 

Heading: h
Content: 

Heading: safe, legal &
Content: Tom Hagerty cut ten seconds from his best time in running the two mile in
    9:26.4. yet he failed to place. ,, Of major importance in the La fayette
    meet was the fact that Rick Francel qualified for the IC4A's in winning the
    880 in 1:54.9. But there was a lot more happy news in the Albright meet. The
    Bison's 440 relay team got the squad started in the right direction by
    placing first in 45.4. The visitors then captured their first and only two
    first places they would earn despite fine perform ances by Tarras Onischenko
    (45' 2% " ) and Glen Martin <44' 3" ). The Bisons went on to sweep (take
    first, second, and third) in the next seven out of nine events. The first
    event was the mile with Francel winning in 4:26 followed by Tom Hagerty and
    Scott Bartram. Other sweeps were in the javelin where Doug Nouman broke his
    own record and the Memorial Stadium mark with a heave of 213' 4" . He was
    followed by Dave Henrp and Dave Boyer. The other school record was broken in
    the discus where Mitch

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: FIFTH & MARKET STREETS
Content: 

Heading: >pecia
Content: 

Heading: 10% off on all Pizzas
Content: 

Heading: purchased & eaten in
Content: 

Heading: our restaurant between
Content: 

Heading: 5 & 9 p,m. Monday thru
Content: 

Heading: Thursday.
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PENNA.
Content: Farbstein flung the saucer 154' 3" . Kevin MacCartney and Dave Henry completed
    the sweep. Other first place finishers for the Bisons were in 120 high
    hurdles Rich Rakauskas (15.8), in 440 Glenn McLaughlin ((52.2), in long jump
    Len Dillinger (20' 2" ), in 880 Doug McCord (2:01.3), in 440 intermedi ate
    hurdles John Newman (58.0), in 220 Bill Hamilton (23.3) and in the two mile
    Tom Hagerty (9:54.6). The Bisons were really psyched for this meet and are
    going to need another top effort in order to stay sharp until their next
    meet on May 4th against F & M. The fourth period jinx hit the Bison laxmen
    again as they drop ped a 9-6 decision to Rutgers. The Scarlet Knights scored
    three goals in the fourth period to down the Big Blue. Last week the jinx
    had started when Syracuse slammed home six goals to win the game. Junior
    Randy Harris was the leading scorer against the Knights with three goals.
    Also sophomore goalie Jim Tonges had 33 saves against Rutgers to break the
    Buck- nell record of 25 set by Bill Jenkins last year at Geneseo. Coach Sid
    Jamieson's stickmen will try to halt their skid in an away game at Lafayette
    on Satur-

Heading: Steamed (lams
Content: 

Heading: EVERY WEDNESDAY and
Content: day. The Bison baseball nine lost twice to Rider last Saturday in an away match.
    Senior Tony Zidansek lost his second 1-0 game against a 2-0 win. The 6-2
    senior has a sparkling 0.95 ERA. First baseman Dave Hill stroked two singles
    but other than that the diamondmen's predicted heavy offensive attack has
    failed to materialize. The Bisons will try to build one by Thursday when
    they entertain f & M.

Heading: inexpensive
Content: 

Heading: can be set up on an
Content: 

Heading: outpatient basis by calling
Content: 

Heading: The Problem Pregnancy
Content: 

Heading: Referral Service
Content: 

Heading: 215-722-5360
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours--7 days
Content: 

Heading: lor professional, confidential
Content: 

Heading: and caring help
Content: C o r s a g e s  --  C u t  F lo w e r s

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 2 2 0  M a r k e t  S tre e t 524-9933

Heading: ?
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER in EUROPE for $199.00
Content: 

Heading: TOW N TAYERN
Content: 

Heading: 600 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: pregnancies up to 12 weeks
Content: 

Heading: terminated from
Content: $ 1 7 5 .0 0

Heading: Medication, Lab Tests, Doc
Content: 

Heading: tors fees included. Hospital &
Content: 

Heading: Hospital affiliated clinics.
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 7-8803
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours - 7 days
Content: 

Heading: PHYSICIANS REFERRAL
Content: We

Heading: know we can help you. even
Content: 

Heading: if it's just to talk to someone.
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: APRIL 20, 1971

Heading: C O M IN G  SO O N!
Content: 

Heading: La Casa De Pizza
Content: 

Heading: (THE HOUSE OF "ZA")
Content: 

Heading: Across from The Bucknellian Office
Content: 

Heading: 216 Market Street
Content: SERVING 18 KINDS OF PIZZA, GRINDERS, SANDWICHES,

Heading: AND SPAGHETTI --  LUNCHTIME SPECIALS.
Content: 

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: CLASSY-FYED ads are run

Heading: at
Content: a rate of 5c per word, per inser tion, with a minimum charge

Heading: of
Content: $1.00. All ads should be submit ted - twpewritten by Sat.

Heading: noon
Content: for Tuesday's paper and Wed nesday noon for Friday's paper.

Heading: PAYMENT MUST
Content: 

Heading: ACCOMPANY AD.
Content: BOOKS -- 20,000 of all sorts! At the bookstore in Swengel, Pa., 12 miles west of
    Lewisburg. FOR SALE -- Dual 1212 profes sional turntable with base and
    dustcover, Shure M55E cartridge. New. $100. Call Mark at 1609.

Heading: TENNIS RACKET STRINGING --
Content: on best equipment in area. 24 hour service most days. Contact Greg Freeman at
    KDR. FOR SALE -- Scott 299T 82 watt solid state stereo amplifier. Ex cellent
    condition, $95. Call Ray at 1529. FOR SALE -- '63 Triumph Herald. Good
    condition, new paint last year. Call 524-2301. CORNELL'S COIN & STAMP SHOP
    We buy and sell U.S. coins and stamps. 35 Broadway, Milton. Open 10 a.m. to
    8:30 p.m. ----- WHATS PLAYING? -----

Heading: POST ON
Content: 

Heading: BULLETIN
Content: 

Heading: BOARD
Content: 

Heading: STARTING WEDNESDAY, APRIL 21
Content: DIRECT FROM ITS SENSATIONAL ROADSHOW EN6AGEMENTI

Heading: N O W  A T  R E G U L A R  P R IC E S
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY 7 p.m. 'Hi ?????
Content: 

Heading: X JUNE 5 -- AUGUST 2 8
Content: 

Heading: ---------------------
Content: 

Heading: LONDON $199.
Content: 

Heading: ---------------------------
Content: 

Heading: 8 JULY 9 -- AUGUST 2 3
Content: 

Heading: ______________
Content: 

Heading: LONDON $219
Content: CALL SALLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: (Open only to B ucknell Students and Educational Staff--

Heading: 0
Content: x P rice Based on 60 Seats)

Heading: Q
Content: o ______________________________________________ _________________ 8

Heading: mm
Content: 

Heading: *SS1; *  ^
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: ##H

Heading: I P
Content: h

Heading: II
Content: The re-creation of the incredible attack on Pearl Harbor.

Heading: --  PLEASE NOTE SH O W  TIMES --
Content: 

Heading: Wednesday - Thursday
Content: 

Heading: Friday - Saturday
Content: 

Heading: 1 Show at 7:45
Content: 

Heading: 2 Shows - 6:45 - 9:15
Content: C B 60Q 60e0S6O 9S060eO 00S6C 0e0060000066S 00006O 0G eet

Heading: VOLUME L X X m  -- NO. 44
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY, APRIL 23. 1971
Content: 

Heading: lilt Bucknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Rinkus Discusses Views on Military
Content: 

Heading: Foreign Engineers Study
Content: 

Heading: American University Life Vietnam Veteran Returns Medal
Content: 

Heading: To Government in War Protest
Content: By TERRY ELLIS " Life is very different here; you can't really compare it. Here
    you have trees and are in the country where you can show your liberty.
    American students are very re laxed, receptive, informal." So states one of
    23 Belgian and French students who are currently on cam pus for a two week
    exchange pro gram. The group composed of male elec tricians and engineering
    students from the Institute Don Bosco in Toumai, Belgium, is here from April
    18 to 30 to live with and learn from their American contempor aries. This
    University is one of nine universities in the country to participate in the
    Belgian exchange program. Developed by the Experiment in International
    Living in Putney, Ver mont, and subsidized by the Belgian Ministry of
    Education, the program is designed to promote interna tional travel,
    reciprocal home visits, and international studies. The op portunity for 25
    students from here to visit Belgium at a reduced rate next January is part
    of the re ciprocal arrangement offered through the program. Under the
    guidance of Professor Ralph Walker, chairman of the electrical engineering
    department, the students have visited classes and facilities as well as such
    com panies as Coming Glass Works, Piper Aircraft, and Sylvania Elec tric
    Company. *But the students, informal inter ests have been considered as welL
    Through daily meetings with Jim Hammerlee, director of C.A., and Mrs. Ralph
    Walker, chairman of the visiting committee, the students help plan their own
    schedule. Many have expressed a desire to attend the Beach Boys concert, Cap
    and Dagger's production of The Glass Menagerie, and to audit specific
    courses of interest. They have also challenged the varsity soccer team to a
    match on Saturday, April 24' Since their school is located in a city, they
    don't have the opportunity for sports, and as one student ex plains: " At
    school, athletics are less because of little equipment and the small
    relation between the school and students in sports." Helping the Belgian
    group be come acquainted with American life are approximately 75 students
    serving as hosts and hostesses on a revolving basis. Through ac companying
    them to meals and taking part in informal gatherings such as a Cowan picnic
    and a European folksing, the students are exchanging ideas, answering ques
    tions, and giving the primarily French speaking students a chance to brush
    up on their English. For some of the Belgians, how- (Continued on Page 5) By
    RICHARD DEVITT Jerome J. Rinkus, retired captain, USAR, in a letter to the
    Vietnam Veterans Against the War dated April 19, 1971, has signified his
    soli darity with that organization by en closing his Joint Service Commen
    dation Medal for return to the government by the Veterans at their
    Washington, D.C. demonstra tion today. The medal and commendation, approved
    by Gen. Will. Westmore land, was awarded to Rinkus during his active duty
    tour in Vietnam in 1966-67. Rinkus, who served with Army Intelligence in
    Saigon, said in his letter to the Veterans, " The destruction of all lives
    -- American, Vietnamese, Cambodian, Laotian, must cease. We must protest
    against President Nixon's policy of 'Vietnamization' as subterfuge for
    continuing the war through mechan-

Heading: Decision Results from Questionnaire
Content: 

Heading: Student Life Committee Recommends Autonomy
Content: By ERIC RIESS The Student Affairs Committee has reccommended to the President
    that individual living units be given authority to determine visitation
    policy, effective September 1971. If approved by the President, Charles H.
    Watts, each hall group, small house, or fraternity will have the opportunity
    to set and regulate it's own visitation regulations. The report presented to
    the Presi dent this week also proposes guide lines for implementation and a
    sug gestion for an Official university policy statement. The recommendation
    is part of a report, requested by Dr. Watts, as an evaluation of recent
    innova tions in residential life recently in stituted at the University. The
    com mittee will also issue reports con cerning co-residential living and the
    freshman residence program later in the semester. The evaluation of the
    present liv ing situation, was conducted through a questionnaire distributed
    to ap proximately 2500 undergraduate with 1682 responding. The results of
    the questionnaire indicated that 83% of the total number respond in g
    thought visitation hours should be extended beyond the present limits.
    Seventy-five per cent of those re sponding thought that visitation should be
    expanded beyond what it is now but less than 24 hours. The report stated,
    that " By a proceedure to be determined by the governing body of each resi
    dence unit, each fraternity and resi dence hall may determine its own
    visitation policies, including hours. Each living unit shall be respons
    ible, through its Disciplinary Com-

Heading: ABS Recommends
Content: 

Heading: 24 Hour Parietals
Content: By JANET RUSSO Recognizing the importance of the " Report and Recommendations
    Concerning Visitation Policies and Hours,"  the Association of Bucknell
    Students unanimously requested that President Charles H. Watts Q take
    immediate action to implement by September 1, 1971, the recom mendations
    submitted by the Stu dent Affairs Committee. The most important proposal con
    tained in the evaluation is that ''each fraternity and residence hall may
    determine its own visitation policies, including hours."  The in dividual
    living units shall also be responsible, through their disciplin ary
    committees, for dealing with violations of their regulations.

Heading: A
Content: necessary assumption that underlies the committee's recom mendations is the
    realization that (Continued on Page 4) mittee, for adjucating violations of
    the units visitation regulations." The report goes on to say, " The members
    of the Student Affairs Committee believe that a uniform and University
    imposed regulation concerning visitation does not nec- cessarily provide the
    best residence environment for social growth and interaction among students.
    Ad ditionally the Committee believes that a majority of Bucknell stu dents
    possess the ability to regulate their lives in a mature and re sponsible
    manner. . '. " In addition the report stated, . . the Committee feels that
    the Uni versity must demonstrate trust in !individual students and in the
    gov erning bodies of each residence hall and fraternity by delegating to
    them the responsibility for determining their own visitation hours and regu
    lations." The Committee suggested that each living unit determine its visi
    tation policy by a majority vote of the residence voting in a secret ballot,
    and that the governing body of each living unit, should " de termine for the
    entire residence unit regulations concerning visita tion which it deems
    appropriate for the entire unit." A subcommittee should be set up, according
    to the report, to mediate any problems between the occu pants arising from
    visitation policy. ization. Life will continue to he destroyed as a result
    of American air power and artillery."  (The fall text of the letter is
    printed at the end of this article Rinkus, who was promoted to the rank of
    captain while in Vietnam, is an ROTC graduate of Middle- bury College. He
    was deferred by the U.S. Army to do graduate work at Brown, after which he
    was called to active duty. In i recent inter view, he pointed tc the close
    co operation of the educational system with the military, not only in re
    gards to ROTC programs, but with graduate deferments: as well as ROTC
    financing of higher education. " The university is deeply involved in the
    system. . .the whole system makes it easy for the individual to co-operate,"
    he said He reports that he had " serious misgivings"  about the war even
    before he assumed his military duty, but that, " the experiences in the army
    served tc radicalize me more than any other single force. I have seen the
    incompetence, the inflexibility, the distortion of facts, the 'technocracy,'
    that, is almost built into the system " Rinkus found the activities of his
    fellow Americans in the fight for democracy in Indochina to be rep
    rehensible. " Viewing other Ameri cans in a foreign culture showed me the
    ease with which Americans fall into the role of colonialists.. He pointed to
    the completely subser- viant role of Vietnamese to Ameri cans in Saigon.
    Vietnamese women are used as bar-maids, house maids, and pros titutes, to
    provide the corresponding services which are vital to the de velopment of
    the growing American community in Saigon He observed the subtly of Ameri can
    racism as a function of the U.S.'s " might makes right" atti tude. " War
    tells us m ore about our selves as a people than any other event in
    history,"  Rinkus remarked. " There is a saying, " The strong do what they
    can while the weak suf- (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Four Air Views on Effects on Black Experience
Content: 

Heading: Students React to Hiring of Black Professors
Content: By NANCY GRDEN and BILL WHITNEY News Analysis (Editor's Note: The following arti
    cle) by Nancy Grden and BUI Whit ney concerns the hiring of two black
    professors, effective next semester. David T. Shannon will join the fac ulty
    as associate professor of re ligion, and advisor to black students. Richard
    E. Smith will join as assist ant professor of Engliish.) (Part one of a two
    part series.) Last semester, the Bucknellian published several articles
    concern ing the hiring of black faculty mem-

Heading: I
Content: * ^prs and the development of the "  black studies program. Themes such as the
    need for an outside consultant on black studies, the difficulty of
    attracting black profes sors to the University, and the hope that a black
    professor would not be come a " specimen"  or " token"  on campus frequently
    were seen in the articles. Four University students, three black and one
    white, discussed separately with the Bucknellian their personal views
    concerning the hiring of two black professors and the ramifications of the
    black studies situation on campus. Necessary Change . When asked if the two
    black pro fessors would be more than new faculty members, Sharon Gavin '72
    responded that, " The two blacks are not just two more professors, but are
    part of a necessary change for the University. I think the Uni versity has
    seen that the black pre sence here is a reality, and it must be understood."
    Miss Gavin went on to say that, " I hope the professors will be part of a
    meaningful committment on the part of the University toward the realization
    of the black pre sence. She does not feel that they are " tokens,"  but that
    they are " very real and black men."  Miss Gavin also stated that since each
    professor's blackness is a part of him, his perspective on the courses he
    teaches will inevitably be a black one. When asked about whether the
    presence of two black professors would attract more black students to the
    University, she said, " It would probably help - having these two professors
    is a first step." Miss Gavin also discussed her view of the faculty
    reactions. " I hope white students and faculty are adults and that they will
    act normally,"  she said. "There will probably be no difference in re-

Heading: Treaty Referendum
Content: ABS President Bob Nachshin an nounced today that the People's Peace Treaty was
    passed by the faculty and administration by a vote of 46-43. The vote of
    these 89 represents approximately one third of those who were sent the
    ballot. This brings the total vote of the referendum to 578 in favor and 614
    against. Thus, the University has failed to ratify the People's Peace
    Treaty. action from the black students." She also felt that there would be
    an element of apathy among the Uni versity population toward black pro
    fessors. Black Studies Program " In the past, it has been said that before
    any sort of black studies program could be developed, more qualified people
    were needed from outside the University," stated Steve Wyatt '72. " We now
    have more qualified people. In theory, then, we should see more work done on
    the development of a black studies program." In regard to attracting more
    black students to the University, Wyatt feels that, " Prospective black stu
    dents look for three things in a college - scholarships, black studies, and
    a black advisor. The University is working on the last two counts." Wyatt
    stated that the presence of black professors should help to tie together the
    black experience on campus. He also believes that it should now be easier to
    get more black students and faculty members to the University. Sub-
    committee's Viewpoint Kay Smith, a white member of the sub-committee on
    Afro-Ameri can Studies, stated, " The two pro fessors will aid black studies
    in that they are going to bring studies re lated to blacks. However, from
    what the sub-committee has done, we don't envision a formal black studies
    program because of the pre sent financial situation, but we still wish to
    focus on black studies." Miss Smith looks at the two men " as individuals,"
    and she tends to shy away from " black perspective." " Teaching is an
    individual matter," she stated. " There is no such thing as 'the' black
    experience." When asked if the professors would be " tokens," she replied
    that they would not be, but would serve in meaningful roles. " They will ful
    fill the needs of black students for counselors, etc.,"  she said. " Once we
    have blacks here, it will be easier to attract both professors and students.
    It is an attempt to attract diversified experiences, in cluding black
    experiences, and there is a definite interest to bring black experience to
    the University." Assimilation "The' two professors would no doubt be
    'tokens' here if they re main the only two black professors on campus,"
    stated Tom Ficklin '71. " The whole thing could backfire if (Continued on
    Page 4)

Heading: J J
Content: f; Ifca ftE

Heading: See You in Washington
Content: 

Heading: Letters to t
Content: 

Heading: Tliii most massive demostrations of
Content: 

Heading: student antiwar sentiment in U.S. histo
Content: 

Heading: ry took place last year, particularly in
Content: 

Heading: Mav in response to the Cambodian in
Content: 

Heading: vasion. Our campuses were taken over
Content: 

Heading: and used as bases for organizing anti
Content: 

Heading: war activities. During the past year,
Content: 

Heading: Nixon has only stalled our inevitable
Content: 

Heading: withdrawal from Southeast Asia and al
Content: 

Heading: lowed the killing to go on
Content: 

Heading: The Peace Action Coalition has call
Content: 

Heading: ed for marches in Washington and San
Content: 

Heading: Francisco this weekend. Many of us have
Content: 

Heading: lost an urge to march, not seeing such
Content: 

Heading: action as "effective." But we are also
Content: 

Heading: waiting for the Vietnamization policy
Content: 

Heading: which only continues the war.
Content: 

Heading: The march will still go on this week
Content: 

Heading: end, and one can be sure that if there
Content: 

Heading: is a small turnout, Nixon will be assured
Content: 

Heading: that his policies are now being accepted.
Content: 

Heading: He cannot be led to such delusions. The
Content: 

Heading: march may just be another demonstra
Content: 

Heading: tion but as the first of this year, it
Content: 

Heading: must reflect the feelings of 73% ot
Content: 

Heading: Americans who want total withdrawal
Content: 

Heading: by the end of the year.
Content: 

Heading: The march should be used . . .t o
Content: 

Heading: convert the mass sentiment against the
Content: 

Heading: war, which is now once again near the
Content: 

Heading: boiling point, into mass action in the
Content: 

Heading: streets around the demands for immedi
Content: 

Heading: ate and unconditional withdrawal from
Content: 

Heading: Southeast Asia.
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: . ,
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: "It will take a giant, independent
Content: 

Heading: mobilization of the American
Content: people

Heading: to
Content: 

Heading: force the withdrawal of troops in South
Content: 

Heading: east Asia," stated Debby Bustin, national
Content: 

Heading: co-ordinator of the Student Mobilization
Content: 

Heading: Committee.
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: The planners of the march are hop
Content: 

Heading: ing to swell their numbers with those
Content: 

Heading: who have never marched before. They
Content: 

Heading: are directing their focus at many of us.
Content: 

Heading: It must be made known that we are
Content: 

Heading: dissatisfied with the empty Nixon pledge
Content: 

Heading: to end the war. The bloodshed m Indo
Content: 

Heading: china must end immediately.
Content: 

Heading: The Washington march can serve as
Content: 

Heading: a national focus for our convictions. And
Content: 

Heading: maybe this time, even the Administra
Content: 

Heading: tion will listen.
Content: 

Heading: COR Fund Drive
Content: To the Editor: The COR fund drive that took place this past week on campus was
    done with the humanitarian aspect in mind. It is very important that someone
    take the responsibility to collect money to bring war-injured Vietnamese
    children to the U.S. for medical treatment not available in Vietnam. This is
    what the Com mittee of Responsibility does in a very apolitical manner. . .
    The average Bucknell student who contributed twenty-five to fifty cents
    probably gave because he saw pic tures of maimed children in the COR
    pamphlets. These made him feel compassion enough to contri bute. . .Then
    perhaps he heard the Viet veterans discussing war crimes -- a woman took her
    wounded son to a military hospital and the Americans would not admit them
    because she did not have the pro-

Heading: : GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Draft Resistance Pledge
Content: -B y LOU BUCCERI. Well it .seems spring has finally descended and taken hoW ^ u
    c k - nell bringing with it all the accoutrements of the season of rebirth.
    Th trees are blooming, the grass is sloshing its way up through the mu >>
    the souirreis ire probably pregnant. Meanwhile, we humans (or at least " L

Heading: I S
Content: ?

Heading: S
Content: >>riv a l of that >>owest of the poreo. nials, 'the .spring antiwar offensive.'
    m o  wring offensive' has often been a source of distress for me. Iv e

Heading: K M 5 S S S ffS S h !" f f S !
Content: The Pledge movement was first organized in January 1970 by a group called foe
    Charlottesville Draft Resistence (CTRL Their goal^s to get a hundred
    thousand 'draft-able' men to pledge to m ^ f o e ir  selec tive service
    cards to CDR headquarters as soon as the hundred foousmidfo . e , *_,,,, a
    rr-u,, -ards will then be presented to Congress S i f f l n a S  X n T t o
    S f t *  M The d > R 's deadline is May

Heading: T\m
Content: 

Heading: St
Content: they vow

Heading: to
Content: continue after that date if all the pledges; have not1 been returned. With
    Congress currently considering renewal of the draft law, foe May 1 deadline
    has obvious advantages. a - nf March of this year, 45,000 signed pledges
    have been returned, but organizational help, promised by groups such as the
    National Student Associationa has failed to materialize. Since the May
    deadline is so un- nortant and since the CDR doesn't have the funds
    necessary for other S p r e a d  publicity or nationwide pledge card
    distribution, they are urging anyone interested to participate by signing
    and returning news print copies of the pledge. , . _ The CDR seems to
    consider this particular form of resistance to be both effective and as
    secure as possible, owning to the large scale on S h T f e  organized. The
    pledge states that the signer realizes he is (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: rcobb
Content: per papers. While she pleaded, her son died in her arms. A story like this
    generally upsets our average student -- even to the, point of volunteering
    to help collect. The money is great, for that is what COR needs; however, it
    makes little sense to keep donating money as opposed to worrying about elimi
    nating the need for it. Why not at tempt to prevent the wounds and pain from
    occuring instead of just fixing them after they do? The average student will
    make a contribution and then walk away, pleased with his generosity and
    social concern, feeling that he has done his part. This effort does noth ing
    toward stopping the war and its subsequent injuries. If a person cares
    enough to give to COR, may be he should care enough to take action to stop
    the maiming. This doesn't mean everyone should do something visible, but
    rather that everyone should evaluate his posi tion on something as important
    as the war and act upon it. Peace rallies and civil disobedience may not be
    the way for all, but there may be some form of individual protest or
    behavior that can express a person's beliefs. Supporting withdrawal from
    Viet nam as quickly as possible seems a logical step after contributing to
    the COR drive. When the U.S. stops dropping bombs and planting mines there
    is obviously going to be fewer children requiring our medical at tention. I
    do not believe that there will be more killing and maiming of civilians
    after we leave than there is now; the " blood bath"  fear is not logical.
    This week's COR drive should therefore lead to continuing action on
    everyone's part in the way of disagreeing with present adminis trative plans
    and its slow with drawal. The war goes on -- killing, maiming, ruining lives
    and land The sooner we get out, the sooner all of this will decrease and
    even tually end. Sincerely, Suzie Grant

Heading: Comments?
Content: The BUCKNELLIAN is interested In receiving comments from flD members of the
    community con cerning any topics of concern. Ad dress letters and columns to
    Edi torials Editor, BUCKNELLIAN.

Heading: FOCUS: Counselors
Content: 

Heading: =FROM THE PRESS BOX:
Content: 

Heading: A Study in Martsology
Content: -B y ERIC RIESS; earth week comes appropriately amid the .season's upward flow
    of highly activated saps/ a lot of people protest now because foe flowers
    are in bloom, because the sun is bright and strong, because it is far nicer
    to be marching shoulder-close with friends than sitting all alone before a
    history paper yet undone or faced by far-off hostile books. . . perhaps it
    is unfortunate that earth week must be set for this week, for now although
    the warning signs are being flagged above our heads what man (or mouse) can
    really see the peril we are in? the gentle warmth caressing us hides the
    earth's decay, and rather than urging us to work it lulls us to delay. . . *
    spring is really protest time a fun-filled time for all it's hoped we will
    accomplish much before the coming fall

Heading: Peace March
Content: Anyone interested in attending the March for Peace in Washington on April 24,
    please contact Mike Banm. 1260; Box W - 39, or Larry Glantz, 1250; Box W -
    139 for information as soon as possible. Immediate re sponse is critical, in
    order for ap propriate transportation to be pro vided. Kremlinology, the
    detailed study o f every d o c im e n t and pubhcann ouncement that comes
    out of Moscow's kremlin has ^corne a favorite political game for many
    western politicians. Few people realize that a similar pastime is enjoyed by
    many people on the Bucknell campus. I'm speaking of course of the
    martsologists: the professor student or administrator who spends a large
    percentage of his time observing thC SpecScahy"tiMJStTmarteologists are
    watching room 219, the office of PreSRecenti^af o r  marfoologists have
    discovered a number of important 'facts' which I think are of interest to
    the University Conmumty. The first fact which they have uncovered is
    thatPreadent Watts j s nearing the end of his term as lord over " 300 acres
    set a>>d e for BuckneU They say first of all that the average term for a
    college president in the United States is five to eight years and President
    Watts is currently in the middle of his seventh year here so the University
    is ready for a change if we are to keep up with the national average. 4 e
    martsologists say further that when the president c^n e here from ThP
    American Council on Education via Brown University he did it with foe g ^ T
    o f m a S  a name for himself so that he could eventually go backto the Ivy
    League. In other words, they say Bucknell is just another r S  in foe
    Educational ladder for Dr. Watts. (The vacancy at Prmceton is seen as
    incidental to the president's plans, but is nevertheless con- Veni" esident
    Watts, according to sources, came here with specific goals in mind and now
    that he has either accomplished these goals or realized that it

Heading: is
Content: impossible to do what he wants he is ready to leave. Among foese gcmls are foe
    new University Center, and an improvement of the program of graduate
    studies. It appears that the president is batting only #^O ther factors
    which appear to point towards a vacancy toh tertsha E in the near future are
    the President's relationship with the Board of Trustees and the other
    members of the administration. , It a n S s  that the President is a bit too
    liberal for certain members of foe board and also that the President's
    attitude toward bers who are currently in disfavor with the board is a bit
    tough for th ! T * * * with the Trustees with l a d l i n g of last year's
    strike week. While other campuses were in ti^moil, foe trustees were able to
    look with pride at the constructive and peacefcd pursuits happening at
    Bucknell. Some Trustees h aveseen foe J fo t y o H h e president as more
    than ample reasons to retain Dr. Watts at least uniu ing money for the
    school. They claim that he has not impressed others enough

Heading: to
Content: get the big bequests and gifts which a private university needs. (Continued on
    Page 3) (Editor's Note- THE BUCKNELLIAN received the following article as an
    anonymous letter to the editor. Our policy, generally, to be signed,
    although withholding names upon request. How*T" \ " "J article rtoses
    relevant questions concerning the present methods of counselor and R.A.
    selection procedures which should be examined by entire community.) Tdeg To
    ^ cla ssifie d  and sniffed of as: Merely An Attem ptTo Show That (although
    assumed) It's Not What You Know, But Who You Know That Counts. . ,, nf some
    offbase administrators. .. f Collect one free room and two letters b e to d
    your name d ^ u  moutti the words " interact "  " responsibility,"  " good
    model, relevant, all fofferait types o f  people,"and " hope to develop
    honest communication between students and administration"  -- and quietly
    swallow your p whenvou later discover what a lousy mess the rooming atuation
    is and will be on this campus. Pledge allegiance to the fools on foe hill,
    and find PS ? PS " i l y o u (tm) keep a >>W ight fa c. recommendation for
    counselling and what J (tm) ^ r e t o M t h M f o e y 'pe charge of the
    program. Laugh your ass off when you re told v w  u xyjf*

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: ? to match your personality with f o e p e ^ l % o f  yourhaQ  << ! J J after
    categorizing your entire being on the basis of 20 minutes in Marts HaUToo
    bad if you don't exude spontaneously leadership, authority and . . . values
    the instant you enter the interviewer s office. Tut, tut vou d ^ T  say what
    you know they want you to say, if d o f't S e r e i n  diplomacy or gauging
    your interviewer's r^ponse, and cannot accurately reveal all facets of your
    personality in a short tune. Grin and bear it when you read who is
    appointed, because even though (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: %
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: J & t u k n e l l t a n
Content: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNinX C O M Z ^ T Y

Heading: 1922, at toe 1,051
Content: at Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES MUSSMAN
Content: Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features OMtea- Fochi Printing Co., I l l  M arket 521-4121 con a u ltot* Brad
    Tuft<<. 814-11>>

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: APRIL 23, 1971
Content: 

Heading: noise: bringing it
Content: 

Heading: all back dead
Content: by peter eggers (spiritual advisor and boggie king: alien wheatcroft) subtitle:
    will the future be dead? i've always liked the dead but i am surely not what
    you would call an unconditional dead freak, in listening to their records
    there have been times when i cannot really tell how good they actually are.
    so for me, Wednesday nite's gala dead endurance test was also a (tah- da-
    dah) musical test of foe dead in my head, (sing along with that one.) part
    one: foe new riders of foe purple sage, it seems like they had a good time
    playing their stuff (which is nice) but almost two hours of very similar
    (and generally mediocre) material is a bit too much. now consider this next
    statement seriously (for a moment): what would happen if almost any of the
    psychedelic/screaming/down- home/jumping/far-out fans foe new riders had
    wed. nite saw a short-haired/straight country group that sounded exactly the
    same as foe riders playing in front of some local supermarket or at a church
    bazaar? they would probably laugh at the "hicks"  and hate foe band, i
    maintain that without the dead affiliation this group would be nothing,
    (just as all of the beattes' solo effort records would probably not have
    gotten any airplay if they were not made by beatles.) as foere are unknowns
    who are making much better music than that which appears on the beatle solo
    albums (j.geils band for one), foere are many country groups that have a
    more convincing and interesting sound than foe new riders, their mo notony
    succeeds only in cultivating boredom after foe half-hour novelty period is
    gone. good points: the electric guitarist was quite competent; garcia showed
    himself to be a mighty fine pedal steel player, part two: the dead foe
    dead's albums as a whole are a very inconsistent lot. foe first is a solid
    one in foe blues vein featuring garcia's fast lead work; it is still a good
    album by today's rock standards, foeir best album is Anthem of the Sun which
    is one of the finest rock albums of the 60's along with the airplane's
    Bathing at Baxter's and hendrix's Are You Experienced, side one of Anthem of
    foe Sun is undoubetdly one of the most integrated electric symphonic-like
    concert-sides that came out of 60's rock. foe critical album for m e was
    Live Dead, upon hearing Live Dead 1 began to have doubts about how good the
    dead actually were, (some asides before we go any further: 1) dead freaks
    rave over Live Dead as being an example of a " good"  dead concert; 2) the
    way foe dead played at bucknell was very similar to much of Live Dead; 3)
    thus it is probably safe to assume that the dead were " on" and having a "
    good"  nite at bucknell. all these asides are trying to get at it that foe
    generalizations that follow pertain not to a " bad ' example of the dead but
    a " good"  one, and thus they point out various problems that foe band does
    not overcome which impairs its performance.) all the playing is very
    improvisatory, subject to many chances of error, and thus the dead play in a
    very difficult style, when they play such long extended songs in a very free
    manner it is very difficult to keep some kind of long-line movement in
    effect, and this is where foe dead falter, all the cuts on Live Dead and all
    foe longer songs they played here progress in wave-like alter nations of
    tight/exciting/soaring/rocking sections with generally uneventful/just plain
    mediocre sections, one reviewer for rolling stone commented (when reviewing
    Live Dead) that the dead sure take a long time to get into it, but it is
    sure worth it once they get foere. for me these periods of poking around
    looking for the right ideas were almost uninteresting enough to dimmish the
    impact of foe <<>>ally fine rock passages which ultimately followed, obvious
    highlights however: pigpen's gusty rendition of " mama you're sure hard to
    handle'Vsmokey robinson's " i second that (Continued on Page 6)

Heading: Guest Column
Content: By LOU BUCCERI

Heading: Letters
Content: 

Heading: to the
Content: 

Heading: From the Press Box
Content: By ERIC RIESS

Heading: Editor
Content: 

Heading: A p p r o p r ia t io n s
Content: To foe Editor: Tbiis letter is in response to the Bucknellian editorial of April
    16 concerning the ABS Student Ap propriations Committee meetings (why an
    editorial on this topic was written as opposed to one encourag ing
    attendance at past weekend's Teach-In on foe war, for example, is, I
    suppose, only a matter of con jecture). Although the editorial carried an
    inaccurate figure for re quests (the correct figure, $85,500, was not known
    at foe time) and made an analogy that failed to be analogous (only ten
    students are allowed on the floor of foe faculty and are permitted to speak
    when recognized), through no fault of its own it did stumble upon a rather
    major consideration regarding dem ocratic ideas, whatever they are. The
    Student Appropriations Com mittee held budget hearings from 4 to 11 p.m. on
    Monday for all stu dent organizations requesting funds for foe 1971-72
    academic year. These meetings were open to any one in the University to
    attend and participate. This Monday, April 26, foe Committee will meet again
    to actuaUy make up foe budget. These meetings wiU also be open to any one in
    foe University to attend and to listen. This establishes a prece dent
    regarding Appropriations meet ings which is necessary and sensible, but
    which must be handled judici ously. The members of the Committee are elected
    student officials (foe (Continued on Page 6) (Continued from Page 2)
    Included among foe possible donors of these big gifts are some members of
    the Board, according to the Martsologists. As a final bit of tangible proof
    that foe president is leaving, the martsologists quote the president as
    saying to an interviewee for the position of Dean of foe College of
    Engineering, " You'll see that Bucknell is quite proud of it's engineering
    program and although I won't be here when you take over, I'm  sure that
    you'll realize this.'' The martsologists are currently working on finding
    out who will succeed Dr. Watts. There are several names that come to mind,
    notably Dr. Wendel Smith the current Provost, and John F. Zeller, Vice
    President for Administration and Finance. Dr. Smith seemingly is the logical
    choice, since he is supposedly second in command. But many people feel that
    he has not had enough experience as an administrator, having been provost
    for only a year. Zeller, on foe other hand, has been around for many years
    and is certainly experienced. Many point to him and say that when foe
    President is away, which is about 70% of the time last year, he is virtually
    running the University anyway. A third possible darkhorse contender, Dr.
    Mark Ebersole, who was provost here until 1968. Dr. Ebersole is with The
    Ford Foundation but last month, he announced he will take over as head of
    foe graduate school at Temple July 1. Reportedly, Ebersole took the job at
    Temple, considered as a step down from the Ford Foundation, as a signal to
    every one in foe educational community that he wanted to get back into
    college administration. All in all, foe Martsologists agree that the
    President is going to leave but they don't exactly know when or who is going
    to replace him. But then again, what Western politician knows when Breshnev
    is going to fall from power in Russia, let alone who will replace him.

Heading: FOCUS: Counselors
Content: (Continued from Page 2) you've hoped in vain for a definitely meaningful
    position (that somehow gets screwed up in foe management), you know that you
    have not been phony, have not leaned on anyone nor stepped on anybody, have
    not superficially " courted"  present hall counselors for recommendations,
    and have not found out what Ludy and Jen are " looking for from those who
    know. L isten __ your present counselors have told you en masse, and Vm
    telling you now that your present system of selection stinks. Please im
    prove it.

Heading: A A A A A A
Content: 

Heading: Aquarian Sleeper
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: WATER BEDS
Content: 

Heading: 5 YEAR GUARANTEE
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: KING SIZE --  84"x72"
Content: 

Heading: -----------
Content: 

Heading: $39.50
Content: |

Heading: 5 O TH ER SIZ E S A V A IL A B L E
Content: 

Heading: SS
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: IMMEDIATE DELIVERY AT BUCKNELL
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: | Call Hunt Worth at 524-3158 for Demonstration
Content: 

Heading: Abortion
Content: 

Heading: Information
Content: 

Heading: Guidance for
Content: *  CERTIFIED GYNECOLOGISTS *  CHOICE OF TOP PRIVATE CLIN ICS A N D HOSPITALS O
    APPOINTMENTS AVAILABLE W ITHIN 2 4  HOURS.

Heading: (212) TR 7-8562
Content: 

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: 

Heading: Certified Abortion Information
Content: 

Heading: All Inquiries Confidential
Content: (Continued from Page 2) " in no way immune from federal prosecution whether for
    resisting the draft or conspiring to resist the draft."  Yet, it seems
    unlikely that more than a minute percentage of the hundred thousand could be
    prosecuted. Those who were would probably have grounds for appeal based on
    foe fact that they alone were selected for prosecution out of a large group
    of 'criminals.' Those who weren't prosecuted could appear in court to
    confront foe proceedings with the fact of foeir own similar, but unin
    dicted, cases. The tie-ups in foe judicial process would be of mammoth
    proportions. The government would once again be confronted with foe problem
    of enforcing a law which is rejected by a large segment of the populace, but
    this time it would be on a gigantic scale. Whatever the outcome, such year-
    round actions as the Charlottesville Pledge should serve to remind those
    cynical souls among us that the 'spring offensive' is just one phase of a
    continuing battle being fought by concerned Americans all over foe country,
    regardless of the season. j - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- This is
    a Pledge not a Petition -- Understand that Before You Sign ' My signature on
    this pledge means four things.

Heading: I
Content: A. I feel that the present draft system in America is in violation 1 of my
    constitutional rights and/or simply immoral.

Heading: I
Content: B I am nevertheless presently cooperating with the system, and am liable to be
    inducted into the armed forces or some type of

Heading: I
Content: alternate service. . C. I pledge that, when a hundred thousand draft-able men
    have

Heading: I
Content: signed pledges like this, I will return my draft card to my local or national
    resistance headquarters where it will be forwarded with foe

Heading: I
Content: other returned cards to the proper authorities. I pledge that after that time I
    will cease to cooperate with any ' type of draft system in any way.

Heading: I
Content: D I recognize that I am in no way immune from Federal prosecu- tion either for
    resisting foe draft or conspiring to resist the darit.

Heading: I
Content: Name ...........................................................................
    ......... 1 Address at present ...................... -
    .................................................................

Heading: I
Content: Permanent address ..............................................................
    ......................... , Please return to: 128 Chancellor Street

Heading: I
Content: Charlottesville, Virginia, 22903 I___________________________________
    ___________________________________ WANTED: College men and women for man
    agement positions in government. Must meet physical requirements. Financial
    aid available for in college trainees, or applicants can enroll in special
    training course on graduation. Stateside a n d / o r  o v e r s e a s  t r a
    v e l guaranteed.

Heading: APRIL 23, 1971
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: Here's a government position with a real future for both men and women. An
    officer's job in the Air Force. A management level job in anybody's book.
    Certainly, there's no better way to get the experience and train ing needed
    for executive responsi bility. If you have two years of college remaining,
    you could find yourself earning an Air Force commission while you learn,
    through the Air Force ROTC two-year program. Along with college credits and
    a commission.you'll receive$50each month as a student. And upon grad uation,
    that management position we promised will be waiting for you. If an advanced
    degree is in your plans, you'll be happy to learn that the Air Force has a
    number of out standing programs to help you fur ther your education. If
    you're in your final year of col lege, you can get your commission through
    the Air Force Officer Train ing Program. It is open to all college grads,
    both men and women, who qualify. Check it out. You'll find that the Air
    Force is one career that offers something for everyone. Nearly 430 different
    jobs, ranging from aero nautical engineering to zoology, with almost
    everything else, includ ing flying, In between. But whatever your duties,
    you'll soon discover that the Air Force will let you move just as far and as
    fast as your tal ents can take you. So look ahead and let your col lege
    years pay off for you with a managerial position in the U.S. Air Force. Just
    send in this coupon or write to USAF Military Personnel Center, Dept. A,
    Randolph AFB, Texas 78148, and get your postgrad uate career off the ground.
    SCN471| USAF Military Personnel Center Dept. A Randolph AFB, Texas 78148
    Please send me more information . on: # OfficerTraining School j # Air Force
    ROTC Program N AM E AGE (please print) AD D RESS STATE ZIP l

Heading: I
Content: PHQN E DATE OF GRADUATION j

Heading: I
Content: SCHOOL________________ __ ________________ I

Heading: I
Content: I understand there is no obligation. I

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Find yourself in the | United States Air Force i
Content: U <

Heading: Defunct Coalbin Emerges
Content: 

Heading: For Arts Festival Week
Content: 

Heading: Happenings o f Note
Content: By ELLEN SLEETER The Coalbin has been resurrected! -  at least during the week
    of the Lewisburg Festival of the Arts. Those students who have missed the
    weekly Saturday night folk con certs that packed the Coalbin in the basement
    of the Beaver Memorial Methodist Church until last spring will be happy to
    know that several musical programs have been ar ranged by Dave Hammer, Steve
    Moore, and Mike Schmidt. Though Moore goes in for the more serious aspects
    of music, he has proven himself admirably in the ranges of popular and jazz
    piano style as well. Hammer has concentrated on popular music, having had
    two of his arrangements for piano copy righted. The performance on Monday
    evening, from 7:00 to 8:00 p.m., will feature Kathy Allen, a senior vocalise
    and guitar player who per formed regularly at the Coalbin be fore it "died."
    Two acts highlight Wednesday and piano. Coffee will be served during all
    hours which the Coalbin is open. Schmidt has arranged to revive the old
    style Coalbin on Thursday evening, from 8:00 p.m. to midnight. The program,
    not yet finished, in cludes spots for Barb Reimensny- der, guitar and piano
    vocalist; Wally, Cecil, Rich, and Jim (again) providing what has been
    described as " bittersweet rock;"  Keith Ander son, talented freshman
    vocalist and part-time comedian; Gary Raynor, well known bass player taking
    time out from his group's jammies to work solo guitar and vocal material;
    and Schmidt, rounding out the even ing with newly prepared guitar and vocal
    material.

Heading: Peace March
Content: AU University students attending the March in Washington tomorrow who would like
    to meet in Washing ton as a group, are asked to meet across the street from
    the steps of the Lincoln Memorial at 11 a.m.

Heading: Problems?
Content: Any students attending the April 24 march in Washington who have any problems
    there, may call any one of the following numbers for assistance from the
    University com munity: 524-1346 524-1515 524-1516 There will be someone on
    hand at these numbers from 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.

Heading: Jan Plan
Content: 

Heading: C & D Features
Content: 

Heading: Williams' Play
Content: There will be a meeting at 6:30 Sunday night in room 201 of the Music and Arts
    Building of all those students who are interested in the concert-study tour
    of Italy in January. Any student is welcome, no mat ter what his musical
    ability or background.

Heading: Contact
Content: This Tuesday at Contact, 12:30 - 1:15 p.m., in the Pit, Dr. William Cooper will
    discuss his paper, A Proposal for an Experiment in Ex panding Consciousness
    and Social Change, which deals with the Buck- nell and Lewisburg
    communities. Copies are on reserve in the library.

Heading: ABS
Content: 

Heading: Drinnon
Content: Richard Drinnon, chairman of the history department, reportedly re fused to
    answer any questions put to him when he appeared before the Harrisburg Grand
    Jury yesterday. Bill Gardiner. (1971), is expected to testify on Monday. The
    Grand Jury is the same one which has in dicted the so-called Harrisburg Six
    on charges of conspiracy. afternoon's program from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. Dan
    Marsh, a junior, will entertain with guitar and vocal music in the folk
    genre, along with George Lane, also a junior, fre quently featured at the
    Larison Coffeehouses, who will provide piano and vocal entertainment.
    Wednesday evening, from 7:00 to 8:00 p.m., focuses on Cecil (Borel), Wally
    (Farrell!, Rich (Zandler), and Jim (Bailey), a versitle group of sophomores
    featuring flute and recorders as well as guitars, bass By LINDA CAPUTO Cap
    and Dagger will present its fourth major production, The Glass Menagerie by
    Tennessee Williams, on Parent's Weekend, under the direction of Stuart
    White. The Glass Menagerie is Williams' first major play. The intense lyric
    quality of the writing serves to create a highly sentimental mood. According
    to White, the Cap and Dagger production is attempting to recreate this
    unrealistic but tender and touching mood. Special stage techniques are be
    ing employed to strengthen the mood set by dialogue. For ex ample, the
    backdrop consists of a series of large photographic panels. In addition,
    White has chosen to use the music from the original production by Paul
    Bowles. This music, which includes a violin and celesta, is strikingly
    different and contributes to the unrealistic tone of the play, as well as
    maintain- ing the proper mood of St. Louis in the 1930's. White also notes
    that because the cast is small and the play is highly autobiographical, the
    success of the production relies heavily on the cast to project the complex
    person alities of their characters. The cast consists of Howard Ash man as
    Tom, Janet Cunningham as Amanda, Nancy Henry as Laura, and Trevor Lewis as
    Jim. The tech nical crew includes set design, Jim Lyon; lighting, Rick
    Gardner; cos tuming, Ruth Brinen; and stage manager, Maddy Posper assisted
    by Shelia Fisher. Performances will be held nevt Thursday and Friday at
    8:30, and Saturday at 2:45 and 8:30. Tickets for Thursday's performance are
    available at student discount rates and weekend performances will cost $1.75
    and $2.00. Tickets are available at the bookstore. (Continued from Page 1)
    while the students have achieved the responsibility for establishing
    visitation policies within their living units, " the University cannot and
    will not diminish its obligation to assist in seeing that the rights and
    welfare of all are protected." The report suggested that guide lines of
    implementation of policies and statements of official University policy,
    should be included in the Student Handbook. In an attempt to strengther re
    lations between the dorms and ABS, Neil Hendershot, living unit repre
    sentative, drew up a motion. It asked the dorm councils to consider adding
    their elected living unit representatives to their respective dorm councils
    with full voting privi leges. The motion was passed. The final discussion of
    an ABS donation to the Committee of Re sponsibility found all in complete
    agreement that $50 should be al lotted to help in providing medical care and
    treatment for war-injuer- ed Vietnamese children.

Heading: ABS Budget
Content: The ABS Student Appropriations Committee will compile the 1971-72 student budget
    on Monday in Hunt Library from 4 p.m. until comple tion. Anyone in the
    University may attend and listen.

Heading: Moving-Up Day
Content: Moving -- Up Day ceremonies will be held on Sunday at 7:00 p.m. in Rooke Cbapel.
    Check bulletin boards for instructions and bring song sheets.

Heading: Soph Needed
Content: The ABS needs one Sophomore man to serve on the Traffic Com mittee for a term of
    2 years. Capacities of the position include ntfr.nrting periodic meetings to
    con sider students' appeals of traffic violations and to review and advise
    on traffic regulations. Interest sheets may be picked up in the Dean of
    Student Affairs Of-

Heading: Students
Content: (Continued from Page 1) there are no new recruits for the following year." "
    This is why it is particularly im portant that the two men are as similated
    into the University com munity - it will make it much easier to recruit more
    black professors." " Getting these two men on cam pus was an important first
    step, but we must assimilate them so that they will not be viewed as
    'tokens," Ficklin said. Ficklin also expressed his hope that white
    professors would in no way feel that their jobs are threat ened by the
    presence of black pro fessors. " The fact that these black pro fessors will
    also act as advisors will aid the sense of black com munity here," stated
    Ficklin. (Second part: Professor's re actions).

Heading: Rinkus: 'Bucknell Students Are Well
Content: '

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: Legal Abortions Without Delay

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: How to use
Content: 

Heading: the system
Content: 

Heading: to fight
Content: 

Heading: the system
Content: ~ \ (Continued from Page 1) fer what they must. . .we will force the Vietnamese
    to be 'free' in spite of themselves. This is all tied up with the racist
    attitude. We are liquidating a whole culture, a whole people, in the process
    of 'saving it." Rinkus related a joke, popular among American officers in
    Saigon in 1966. The problem is the Vietna mese situation. The solution? Sim
    ple. Put all Vietnamese who are 'for us' on ships and send them out to sea.
    Use nuclear weapons on the entire country. . .then bomb the ships. " This
    reflected a great deal about the racist nature of the situation to me,"
    Rinkus said, recalling his re action at the time. He remarked that all of
    his con clusions about the war could have been reached through critical ex
    amination of unclassified material. In this respect, the existence of two
    books, Columbia Law Professor Taylor's Vietnam and Nuremburg, an American
    Tradgedy,"  and Shell's " The Military Half," refute the contention that "
    only the president has enough information to decide on the war issue."
    Rinkus encourages reading of these books to " decide for your selves what
    war crimes are." He was asked what he thought of the University's apathy in
    the era of campus concern and actiop on political issues. His reply: "
    Bucknell students are well programed. In spite of the fact that Bucknell has
    its quota of Catholics and Jews, and is even working toward its quota of
    blacks, we are still possessed of a majority of white Anglo-Saxon
    Protestants -- creating a drab uniformity in thinking, dress, and actions,
    which does a great deal to make the class rooms uninteresting." In regard to
    the recent student rejection of the People's Peace Treaty, he says, "
    Another case of Bucknell's apathy. Only 1000 even bothered to vote. .
    .unfortunately, until the war affects their lives personally, they can
    ignore it." Rinkus points for further exidence of the University's political
    im maturity to the fact that Mr. Ralph Stein, a former military intelligence
    officer who is with the Senate sub committee investigating military
    surveillance of civilians visited the campus last Saturday. Attendance,
    which Mr. Stein said numbered in the thousands on other campuses, numbered
    20-30 students here. " The low attendence refleOcts the indifference of the
    Bucknell stu dent body,"  the professor observed. Even in the conservative
    South Mr. Stein has drawn large crowds. Apparently Wallacites are more
    concerned with the growth of the police-state than are students here. Rinkus
    himself, on his return from Vietnam, was stationed at Fort Holabird,
    Maryland, where he found massive information collec tion on civilians to be
    taking place. " That's the frightening thing,"  he said, " that we can have
    that type of intrusion by the military into civilian affairs." He urges any
    former military in telligence officers to contact him in regards to
    supplying information about civilian surveillance to the Senate sub-
    committee. Rinkus' attitudes towards the fac ulty are no less caustic. " I
    attended faculty meetings faithfully for the first two years I was here. I
    found that they didn t speak of anything of any real im portance until last
    May. Instead they concern themselves with pro cedural trivialities. Their
    solution to everything is a committee. Five years later, there is a report
    sub mitted in committee prose, which is hardly comprehensible to even its
    authors. The whole nature of (r) our educational institutions is being
    challenged and needs to be serious ly considered. We need change now, not
    ten years from now." Rinkus attended the faculty meet ing concerning the
    Boyd Douglas case, and together with Dr. Charles Longley, assistant
    professor of po litical science, submitted a resolu tion opposing any
    surveillance on campus. The more modified pro posal of Dr. Gene Chenoweth,
    pro fessor of political science, was ac cepted and a committee was form- 6(1
    He said " It was apparent that we were now going to experience the
    intimidation at the University that is prevalent in the society as a whole.
    I went to the meeting to con front people and get them to ques tion. Nothing
    happened. A few days ago, two more people were sub- peonaed. It should be
    obvious that the government is still fiishing here. I'm familiar with the
    tactic of stag gering subpeonas iin order to mini mize adverse reaction."
    Rinkus no longer considers fac ulty meetings worth attending.

Heading: Spotlight
Content: 

Heading: Weekend Fdm Presentations Include
Content: 

Heading: "Tora! Tora! ToraT and 'Cul-de-Sac'
Content: WEEEEIiEtIEiElttEEttkEiEEiiEEEElaEEKdEkmmEEmmEMlkmaiEm By DAN MARTIN Roman
    Polanski's Cul-de-Sac (1965) is the story of the painful paradise gained by
    an odd couple (Donald Pleasence and Francoise Dorleac) who buy an isolated
    castle on the British coast in an attempt to recapture the wild, free life
    of romantic yore. In addition to their problems of everyday existence, their
    edgy idyll is invaded by a gangster (Lionel Standin) whose partner is
    wounded, whos car is broken down, and whose boss is about to abandon him for
    incom- petance. Saturday Review's Hollis Alpert feels that " Polanski is
    presenting, in Cul-de-Sac, his own comical and at times nightmarish vision
    and also seems to be saying that people who retreat from the real world are
    hardly likely to be able to re solve the problems they bring with them as
    well as those that present themselves." Richard Schickel, however, has a
    somewhat less complementary view of the film. He feels that " One might have
    developed the encounter of these three futiles with gentle irony and come
    out with a satis fying sad commentary on mistaken ambitions." Polanski,
    however, tried to turn the film into a black comedy, with some overexplicit
    sex, and a sadistic beating of Miss Dorleac, a touch of transvestism, and,
    finally, a bloodgushing climax far too violent for what has come before.
    Schickel asks: " What can Polan ski be thinking of? Why does he oversell his
    joke, pushing it far beyond humor to crude sensational ism? Doesn't he know
    that the es sence of humor is knowing when to

Heading: X
Content: 

Heading: <<stjSSi
Content: lib

Heading: Now at your bookstore
Content: Delta paperback $1.95 Delacorte hardbound $4.95

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: Dell Publishing Co., Inc.

Heading: ^Uank
Content: 

Heading: For your Hospitality and Candor
Content: 

Heading: General Foods
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: $

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: APRIL 23, 1971

Heading: Corporation i
Content: i

Heading: Rinkus Joins Veterans in Open Letter
Content: Fellow Veterans Against the War: As a former Captain in Army Intelligence who
    served in Viet nam from July, 1966 to July, 1967, I would like to join you
    rnpro- testing continued American involvement m the war m Indo-Chma. I
    support the anti-war position of your organizers, John Kerry and A1 Hubbard,
    who appeared on the National Broadcasting Company s program " Meet the
    Press"  on April 18, 1971. I also support your antLwar operation, Dewey
    Canyon IH planned for April 19 to April 23 as a means of appealing to the
    conscience of all Americans to end the death and destruction which we are
    responsible for by con tinuing to wage war in Indo-China. The destruction of
    all liv e s - American, Vietnamese, Cambodian, Laotian -- must cease. Wo
    must protest President Nixon's policy of " Vietnamization as a subterfuge
    for continuing the war through mechanization. Life will continue to be
    destroyed as a result of American air power and artillery. As a means of
    supporting your efforts to protest the war, I have inclosed the Joint
    Service Commendation Medal which I was awarded while serving as an
    Intelligence Officer in the Combined Intelligence Center, Vietnam. I would
    consider it an honor to have you include this medal with other service
    medals which veterans are planning to return to their Government on April
    23. In peace, Jerome J. Rinkus Captain USAR (Retired) stop?" Cul-de-Sac will
    be presented to night at 8 p.m. in Vaughan Lit. Auditorium. Winner of the
    1959 Cannes award for best director (Francois Truf- fant), The 400 Blows
    centers on twelve year old Antoine (Jean-Pier- re Leaud), a young victim of
    unsuf ficient love on the part of his mother and foster-father. Played quite
    effectively by the amateur schoolboy, Antoine becomes involv ed in the
    diversions, dodges, and dares that make up a young boy's life-unusual only
    in the fact that his pranks turn into crimes, includ ing an abortive attempt
    at robbery. As usual, the critics differ in their apprasial of this film,
    with News week seeing Antoine as a tragic hero, with the deck stacked
    against him The boy portrays Antoine "sensitively"  and without cuteness,
    and when he finally sheds a tear or two as he's carted away to reform
    school, " the effect is unbearable." Hollis Alpert disagrees, however, with
    this view of the dfamatic effect, calling it "off-hand."  He suspects that "
    M. Truffant wasn t able to fully decide whether he was telling a dramatic
    story or making a serious psychological and social study of a typical
    delinquent, and by thus falling between two stools he has visitated the
    emotional re sponse of his audience. The boy is touching, but the sociology,
    grim though it is, seems superficial." The English Department will pre sent
    The 400 Blows on Monday night at 8:00 p.m. in Vaughan Literature Auditorium.
    Tora! Tora !Tora ! is the feature at Lewisburg's Campus theatre this private
    eye-- re your " protest." the young lovers of the world in accordance with
    time-honored traditions are indeed making vows & pledges exchanging vows of
    love, however the general trend in these modern times is not to become "
    pinned"  or " en gaged" these vows are too too private for such an external
    artificial name. . . . rather ask for those who are mutually committed
    involved or simply add a category: in love. marriage may be dying out
    fraternities and sororities declining pins are loosing out, i fear so are
    class rings going steady is out alot of other things like that are on their
    w a y - read statistics and you'll get uptite about the future of
    togetherness-- but a name doth not a marriage make in fact naming things can
    often louse them up , A so we all are avoiding names ana rituals that are
    for the benefit of third persons not ourselves/ more people are in love
    today than will say it to outsiders/ and often those who proclaim it from
    the rooftops never get around really saying it and meaning it to each other.
    yours/ sam Perhaps sam is right. Maybe " Private Eye"  has indeed fallen
    behind the times. It's possibly true that formal declarations of love are
    somewhat of a joke these days. Support for these views has mani fested
    itself in the form of false announcements sent to the BUCK NELLIAN, for
    which we apologize to the parties involved. Considering all these
    unfortunate circumstances, we here announce the abolition of " Private Eye."

Heading: Footnotes:
Content: weekend. The $25 million produc tion documents the events that led up to, and
    the actual attack on Pearl Harbor, offering amazingly realistic recreations
    of actual events --reactions which Richard Schick el claims cost more to
    produce on film than the actual attack cost Japan. Schickel feels that for
    all of its action, " TTT remains remote, un involving."  " Tolstoy wrote War
    and Peace to prove, among other things, that men can indeed lose control of
    events and so become their prison ers. But nothing so existentially grand-
    and chilling-is suggested here, where pusillanimous objectivity reigns."
    Hollis Alpert defends the film, writing that " . .  .while bombs crash,
    barracks collapse, and bewildered brass gaze at the debacle through
    headquarters windows, a sense of history broods over it all. Wars are no
    longer politely declared. That time, man thousands; next time, if it comes,
    many, many millions. One hardly needs to say that Tora!Tora! Tora! is both
    powerful and mean ingful and the very model of a major motion picture."

Heading: Engineers
Content: (Continued from  Page 1) ever, this is confusing, as they are with different
    people each day and usually end up answering the same questions. Says one: "
    It's good for meeting people, but hard on the English." The Belgians came
    with ques tions and impressions about Ameri ca ranging from the educational
    system to the Vietnam war. In Europe, the American stereo type is
    represented by a lot of money and a big car; but as the Belgians traveled to
    this campus through areas of both urban and rural poverty, their views
    changed. The differences between Ameri can and Belgian small towns don t
    seem as great to them now. Their brief stay in New York city left
    impressions of huge build ings, a Times Square for visitors only, and
    amazement at a nickle ferry ride in a very expensive city, w alking down a
    deserted 5th Ave nue on a Sunday and observing bicycles on one way streets
    gave the city a certain unreality in the minds of the Belgians. For them,
    Vietnam is a distant issue; one they are curious to speak to Americans
    about, but one not affecting their daily lives. The generalized " I don't
    care" attitude of the Belgian people about the issue drew criticism from one
    student who felt the Belgian's con cerns were too provincial as they focus
    primarily on the internal con flict between the Wallons and Flem ings, two
    ethnic groups in Belgium who differ in language, politics, and culture, and
    create a general air of tension within the country. He suggested that " more
    view of life. The Americans seem to look at many different problems from a
    wider perspective."

Heading: 1,000,000 Dots
Content: By PAUL J. J. PAYACK

Heading: ONE MILLION
Content: By Hendrik Hertzberg. 1970. New York: Simon & Schuster. 208 pages. Paper. $3.95.
    Ethnologists tell us that certain primitive peoples counted in the following
    manner: one, two, three . . . and many. This, they relate, demonstrates the
    difficulties these men encountered Wien dealing with the concept " number"
    above what in base ten is known as three. In all probability ancient
    humanity was not forced to deal with the concept in any sophisticated
    manner. Hence, the " many"  adequately sufficed for the fulfillment of their
    simple wants and desires. However we Men who live in the concluding third of
    toe twentieth century deal with a horizon which encompasses toe universe,
    and not merely a universe which is limited by the horizon. Yet we maintain
    these same conceptual vestiges-we also think in terms of the " many."  Here
    it becomes obvious that this construct cannot and does not suffice when the
    infinite and the infintesimal are cohabitors of the same reality. With this
    reality in mind Hendrik Hertzberg designed One Mil lion. What he attempted
    to do was to construct a system in which large numbers would become
    disceraable through the sense of vision. To this end he authored a book 200
    pages in length with some 5,000 dots mottling every page. If you turn a
    single page you sense 10,000; if you flip them all you experience a million.
    In order to enable us to better grasp large numbers, every so often,
    Hertzberg marks a dot and tells us what it represents. Per haps this can
    best be understood through an illustration, so let us consider the history
    of the Earth. It is generally estimated that toe planet is around
    5,000,000,000 years old. This means that each dot, in this case, represents
    about 5,000 years of the Earth's existence with dot number 1 representing
    what is mythically called the crea tion and dot 1,000,000, A.D. 1971 plus or
    minus a few years. According to this scale the first living vesicles appear
    on page 161 after 800,000 dots, and dinosaurs make their entry on page 190.
    The first ancestors of Man emerge five lines from the bottom of the last
    page, and all written history is encompased in the dots num bered 999,999
    and 1,000,000. And it goes on like this seemingly ad infinitum. Hertzberg
    has included 600 milestone dote, each with its accompanying profundity (the
    man's capacity for trivia is astounding). For reasons which are all too
    obvious, 1,000,000 dots should not be viewed m a single sitting. , . One
    final note should here be added. The tally for Men m The War has officially
    reached 1,000,000. Of course this figurem - cludes all sides but excludes
    the annual m a s^ creofa v d im isisom e sources claim that the death toll
    is actually closer to 2,000,000). However, for our purposes the official
    tally is sufficient smee it perfectly coincides with the number of dote in
    our book, and thus demonstrates its ability to help us better understand the
    con^pt 'many" -each dot represents a single man and his solitary death. What
    the book enables one to view is a vision of hell.

Heading: 7PREGNANT?
Content: Test yourself in your home! Accurate results in ten minutes! Two tests per kit
    Prompt delivery SEND: Cash, Check or Money Order PRICE: $6.95 per kit & .55c
    Hdlg Chgs.

Heading: Be Sure Products, Inc.
Content: 375 Sylvan Avenue Englewood Cliffs, N- J. 07632

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: pregnancies up to 12 weeks
Content: 

Heading: terminated from
Content: 

Heading: $175.00
Content: 

Heading: Medication, Lab Tests,^ Doc
Content: 

Heading: tors fees included. Hospital
Content: 8 1

Heading: Hospital affiliated clinics.
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 7-8803
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours - 7 days
Content: 

Heading: PHYSICIANS REFERRAL
Content: W e

Heading: know we can help you. even
Content: 

Heading: if it's just to talk to someone.
Content: 

Heading: FOSS JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: Watch Repairing & Engraving
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-9886
Content: wider perspective."

Heading: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ------"-T
Content: 

Heading: Allman Brothers Band |
Content: 

Heading: and
Content: 

Heading: Mandrill
Content: 

Heading: (
Content: 

Heading: p o ly d o r
Content: 

Heading: r ec o r d in g
Content: 

Heading: artists
Content: 

Heading: )
Content: 4

Heading: IN CONCERT
Content: 

Heading: Sunday, April 25
Content: 

Heading: Penn State Recreation Hall
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: 00
Content: 

Heading: p M
Content: 

Heading: Admission: $3.00
Content: 

Heading: Tickets Available at the Door
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: APRIL 23, 1971

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 'rim

Heading: U
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: A i mrnttrnmiemmimmamtmemammM

Heading: 85 per cent Completed
Content: 

Heading: University Centers Diverse Facilities Materialize^
Content: 

Heading: Include 'Supermarket System' Cafeteria Service
Content: . .1 __ Vkiiil/iinct talrintf nlfli*P

Heading: Oil
Content: 

Heading: dllTUlS this time.
Content: By TERRY ELLIS For many students, the Univers ity Center has faded into the
    scenery as a structure somewhat aloof and detached from campus life. The
    utilization and appear ance of its interior remains a mystery to most, as
    students spec ulate what changes will occur and what traditions will fall
    with its opening next September. Questions Through an informal poll, stu
    dents raised the questions most prominent in their minds about the new
    Center. Most wanted to know about the cafeteria system, what student
    activities would be incor porated within the building, and generally how the
    Center would serve them. The building is now 85 per cent completed and it is
    easy to see the potential layout and character of the rooms. Through a
    review of the basic structural scheme, most questions can be answered. The
    building consists of four levels with the Seventh Street en trance entering
    the first level and the back passageway entering be tween the second and
    third levels. The controversial fourth floor will not be completed at this
    time due to lack of funds. It will cost $400,000 to $500,000 to finish the
    area, if the contract is awarded to the Uni versity contractors. The space
    was originally designat ed for student activity offices, thus causing
    several groups such as The Bucknellian and the Placement Office to remain in
    their present facilities. In order to alleviate the lack of space problem,
    three meet ing rooms on another floor have been changed to one large student
    activities office, containing desks, typewriters, and files for each
    organization. In addition, the area first allotted for a barber shop will
    now house a computer terminal and ABS office. The third level is primarily
    lounges. The largest student lounge, facing Moore Avenue, will be in
    formally decorated with a large stone wall, wooden beams, and a thick
    carpet. There will also be several small lounges, one for music tapes,
    others equipped with study carrels. An amphitheater

Heading: Resnick Letter
Content: (Continued from Page 3) Lacy Steering Committee and At- Large members and the
    Nachshin Steering Committee, total 13). This committee will allocate approxi
    mately $57,000 as best it can " in the name of the entire student body"
    (please excuse the tritism of that phrase). This year we are over-requested
    by approximately 35% and will have to " cut"  severe ly. What is now open to
    University criticism, and rightly so, are the judgments and values of the
    stu dent body as reflected in their stu dent leaders. The editorial
    requested that stu dents be allowed to listen to the rationale for the
    allocations. We have taken this one step further. I have put a copy of the
    budget re quests on reserve in the library. If, after reviewing these, an
    organiza tion believes that the Committee has demonstrated poor priorities,
    ra-

Heading: JOIN AN
Content: 

Heading: EXPEDITION
Content: 

Heading: The American Explorers Asso
Content: 

Heading: ciation is currently recruiting
Content: j

Heading: applicants for salary-paid sum-
Content: j

Heading: mer and fall positions with J
Content: 

Heading: private and
Content: 

Heading: institutional-affil- |
Content: 

Heading: iated expeditions to North and |
Content: 

Heading: South America, Africa and the
Content: j

Heading: Far East.
Content: 

Heading: Positions are available for
Content: 

Heading: both experienced and inexperi- i
Content: 

Heading: enced male and female stu-
Content: 

Heading: dents in all fields. Students |
Content: 

Heading: with interest and/or orientation j
Content: 

Heading: in languages, engineering, ar- |
Content: 

Heading: cheology,
Content: 

Heading: art,
Content: 

Heading: photography, |
Content: 

Heading: teaching, and all natural sci-
Content: 

Heading: ences are of special interest.
Content: 

Heading: To apply complete a one
Content: 

Heading: page typed resume that in- ;
Content: 

Heading: eludes the following informs*
Content: 

Heading: tion: name address, age, phone,
Content: 

Heading: experience, aducation and/or
Content: 

Heading: areas of special interest, dates
Content: 

Heading: available, name(s) of other stu
Content: 

Heading: dents with whom you wish to
Content: 

Heading: work, and any other pertinent
Content: 

Heading: information.
Content: 

Heading: In May your edited resume
Content: 

Heading: will be included in our Directo
Content: 

Heading: ry which will be sent to over
Content: 

Heading: 100 affiliated groups, organi
Content: 

Heading: zations and institutions actively
Content: 

Heading: planning overseas expeditions.
Content: 

Heading: Send your resume with $6.00
Content: 

Heading: processing fee to:
Content: 

Heading: R. O. BOX 13190
Content: 

Heading: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Content: 

Heading: 19101
Content: 

Heading: Kindly complete and mail
Content: 

Heading: your resume no later than May
Content: 

Heading: 15. 1971.
Content: tionals, or sense regarding its re quest as juxtaposed to all others, it may
    avail itself of an appeals process. I must receive a written appeal from the
    organization by 12 noon on Friday, April 30, in order for the appeal to be
    considered. We have reserved Monday, May 3, for appeals, if necessary. Every
    student contributes to the ABS when he pays his general fee. Every student
    has a right to know where his money is spent and why. We have nothing to
    hide. We are only human beings doing the best we can to insure as wide a
    variety of qualify programs as our re sources permit. This year, unlike any
    other year, we may be forced to eliminate programs because they are not
    absolutely necessary (if, in deed, anything ever is) or because of limited,
    specialized participation. Speaking as chairman of the Com mittee, I must
    admit that I am at a loss as to an immediately viable solution to our
    predicament. I am hopeful that one can be found. Suggestions and criticism
    are wel come. In any event, I felt these thoughts and decisions should be
    publicly transmitted to our " financ iers." Sincerely, Chuck Resnick seating
    240 persons, arts and crafts rooms, and C.A. offices are also in cluded.
    Dining A new addition will be a served dining area, much like a. restaurant,
    where an expanded menu will be served at an added cost. Also, a small
    regular cafeteria senring persons attending meetings will be located on this
    level. The second level is completely the dining area. Instead of the normal
    cafeteria line, students will serve themselves through a " super market
    system." Different food items such as salads, beverages, and meats will be
    on individual counters and students will simply go to the counters they
    want, rather than waiting in one line. This pro cess serves more students
    effici ently and will also be utilized in the student snack bar. The
    cafeteria itself will be car peted and will have an outdoor patio facing
    Moore Avenue. An in teresting feature of the cafeteria is the conveyer belt
    that takes the trays by spiraling down and travel ing underneath the floor
    to the kitchen. The first level houses a huge bookstore, a post office
    serving the entire campus, the student snack bar, and game rooms. Replacing
    the Bison and Guys, the snack bar will have the " supermarket ser vice"
    system, vending machines, and an outdoor patio located on the front of the
    building. Possible Delay According to Mr. Walter Geiger, director of the
    Physical Plant, the Center should be ready for use Sept.l, and will be open
    for pre liminary tours by Parents Week end, April 30, May 1 and 2. A pos
    sible delay in immediate comple tion could occur, however, when six union
    trade contracts expire on May 1, raising the possibility of a freeze on
    construction. Negotia tions have been underway in at tempts to reach a
    settlement before the deadline. Planning Committee One group that has been
    answer ing questions such as those raised by the poll has been the
    University Center Planning Committee. Com posed of students, faculty, and ad
    ministration, and headed by John Zeller, vice president of adminis tration
    and finance, it has served as a planning group and sounding board during the
    development of the Center. Their most recent task has been to organize the
    dedication of the building, taking place on October 9, during Homecoming
    Weekend. Several events will occur on that weekend to introduce parents,
    alumni, and townspeople to the University Center. The Bison Club will
    utilize the dining facilities on Friday night and Saturday morning, alumni
    registration will take place there on Saturday, and an Open House with tours
    will be arranged on Sunday for the Lewisburg Com munity. Special programs,
    such as photography, crafts, and music exhibits may be used to illustrate
    certain facilities of the building during this time. The actual dedication
    of the Cen ter will occur at 11:30 a.m. on Sat urday, October 9. Hoping to
    make the dedication something more than the usual speeches and cutting of
    the ribbon, Miss Trennie Eisley, director of public relations, is wel coming
    suggestions from students for a more unique program. Through involvement in
    the plan ning, development, and dedication of the University Center,
    students have emphasized their needs and priorities, hopefully creating a
    Cen ter that will serve as a focal point for their future activities.

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: REED'S
Content: 

Heading: Summer Storage
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: STUDENTS--Leave your Winter Gar
Content: 

Heading: ments with REED's for Summer Box
Content: 

Heading: Storage.
Content: 

Heading: Full insured, freshly cleaned and
Content: 

Heading: pressed at Regular Cleaning Prices-
Content: 

Heading: 103 SOUTH SIXTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: 523-1282
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: APRIL 23, 1971

Heading: CLASS OF 71 PRESENTS --
Content: 

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: Gladiators
Content: 

Heading: Grand Prize 1970 International Science Fiction
Content: 

Heading: Film Festival
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1971
Content: 

Heading: VAUGHAN LIT. AUD.
Content: 

Heading: 7 & 9 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 75c
Content: 

Heading: noise: bringing it
Content: 

Heading: all back dead
Content: (Continued from Page 3) emotion,"  wellsuited for the dead for some reason/
    china cat sun flower with garcia's fine guitar/the extended improvisation on
    thematic material from Anthem of the Sun and dark star/ a simple moving
    version of kris kristofferson's " me and bobbie megee which also appears on
    Pearl, individually, the dead were quite good technically, garcia was most
    prominent with a quick linear style that was very melodic and seemed to
    sing, phil lesh was ex cellent on bass with his nimble lead-guitarish style
    which brought the bass out as both melody and bottom, kreutzman on drums was
    deceptively good in that he kept the rhythm (tram) driving along while he
    continually added in subtle rhythmic nuances. W ar s vocals were very
    expressive and he sounded much better live than on record, the unfortunate
    thing is that such individually good musicians could not combine to play
    good music the whole time, when it was good it was very good but why should
    we have to wait around a good deal of the time for the " good parts."
    important socio-political note: no one can say the dead axe out to rip-off
    anyone/ they sure give one one's money s worth m quanlty anyway, (if that
    happense to be the way you judge a concert, which would indeed be
    unfortunate.) why bringing it all back dead9 in the so-called " freak"
    world the dead mystique runs strong among many, there is a great concern
    with what the dead will do next, the dead evoke such things as san
    francisco, kesiey and the bus, good rock concerts, r. crumb comix, free
    music, owsley and his acid, and a memory of a certain kind of life-style
    tefo^ bastardization of it by the media, an somewhat curious fK ^ r a i
    exists for both the airplane and the dead, experiencing the dead in person
    has much to do with religion, ritual, and cosmic events, the dead experience
    seems to be almost an extra-musical one communicated through the use of
    music. , , . , , (sidetrip: those who came to the concert without much
    taiwledge of the dead's extra-musical nature were at a distinct
    disadvantage, they were not able to partake of the complete dead experience,
    san francisco psychedelia finally made it to bucknell and the ma jority of
    bucknell still wasn't ready for it. those who understood what the dead were
    about and those who tripped at the concert got to the essence of the dead;
    those who thought the dead were just another rock band missed out on the
    totality of experience and peculiar cultural heritage that the dead bring
    with them when they play.) but this experience is beginning to become stale,
    this to do with the fact that the musical style oPS * e has remained
    virtually unchanged smee Anthem of the Sim. acid rock" >>to use a now almost
    meaningless term) seems to be a very limiting genre, the dead, the airplane,
    hendrix, and other major rock figures have not done anything essentially new
    with it m the last three years, with their country albums everyone is saying
    that the dead are bringing it all back home; they are settelmg dowm 1 say
    they are bringing it all back dead, in the terminal sense. coL try  music is
    a dead end, the stress here being on the word end; there is not much area to
    explore in this type of music, m my mind, the dead's last two country-styled
    albums are an in dication of their realization that their idiom has become
    somewhat unsatisfying, they have thrown themselves heartily mto the country
    music style which is much less complex and chaUengmg for the immediate
    gratification of a pleasant, fun-to-make music, (it might X )  be pertinent
    to add that this change is sellrng them a tot oj records and making them
    much more money than before) (ah-hah. economic determinism'-) . . . .  ,  _
    T a t  present the dead are still a standstill; they are takmg a circular
    country detour, rock in general is stagnating, it wull.be interesting to see
    what the dead will do next, country music and old rock and roll, no matter
    how good, cam ot carry them far m^o the 1970's the dead charisma will not do
    it either, they must be come an adventuresome, creative force once again,
    they h a v e to " want to see and hear -  everything." if the grateful dead
    androck and roll in general decide to sit back, take it easy, and rest on
    their laurels, they will both surely die. rock's vitality comes from
    movement, and rock itself must continually move on.

Heading: This Week in Sports
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE;

Heading: April H M W  -  !
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: -
Content: 

Heading: <<
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: t S
Content: 

Heading: J S
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: PS
Content: 

Heading: eiri ftsastta Ms- - -
Content: Colgate in a trugutar. ^ wffl have their hands full when they Lacrosse -- The
    sticKmen wi ranords will be looking to

Heading: ?rs?its,
Content: 

Heading: * W ?j>>-. -
Content: Tennis -  What more can b esa id a b ou  ^ y n o ia s q * continue their super
    season going, theyU have t o m g e Scarlet Knights from Rutgers (r) g ^ of
    the stronger

Heading: se s r r s s M - ~
Content: colleges in the East.

Heading: *ns
Content: 

Heading: nr
Content: home game. April 28 Lacrosse -  II the

Heading: M
Content: h n  'iriS l* be 'M e m b e r  thei, 1M  ^ last * << . 1 >> >> match starts at
    three. ^ H m m H m am
    >>*iEEElEIIIEEIIEIBEltBEEEE0EElliEEIEEEtEEEIEEIIIEEEEKIEKKm
    EEEIKEKEIEEEIEEEtEEEEEEm Eaiam iEEiEae^ am m EEeEeEiEaiEm rjm EErm eEiiim
    EEEim EiEm uE*m H iEm

Heading: Alex Anderson Examines
Content: 

Heading: Bison Netmen's Strength
Content: . . - a .. ___ ,, .,,,,1 ,,,,,,a i

Heading: H
Content: om forward to going on to bigger and

Heading: Becker Motor Co. - VW
Content: 

Heading: RTS- 11 *  15-- SELINSGROV<<
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 743-1514
Content: 

Heading: SALES
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE --  PARTS
Content: 

Heading: COMPLETE TOWING
Content: 

Heading: & BODY SHOP WORK
Content: 

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 524-0744
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: _ _ _
Content: 

Heading: .pvt
Content: arfWKm " Anderson I. on. f and the .bdh .1 tWs -- ,h'>' * * Arnold)

Heading: O'Keeffe and Rassmussen
Content: 

Heading: Named Tanker Captains
Content: << A >> __ __ 3 k M A n olctrn V o anil Peter O'Keeffe and Bob Rasmus sen have
    been elected by their teammates as co-captains of the 1971-72 Bucknell
    varsity swimming recently at the annual swimming recently at the aonual
    swimming dinner by 1970-71 co-captain Mike Huffman. O'Keeffe and Rasmussen
    will both be seniors in the fall. Bucknell's first All-American in the
    backstroke, O'Keeffe holds five Bison individual records. The junior swimmer
    holds bes marks in the 100 and 200-yard free- styles, the 100 and 200-yard
    back- strokes, and the 200-yard indivi dual medley. He is also a member of
    Buck- nell's record holding 400-yard med- lev quartet, and the 400 and
    800-yd freestyle relay units. O'Keeffe won

Heading: MAC
Content: championships m the iw , 200, and 500-yard freestyles. Rasmussen broke two
    Bucknell records this season. The new co captain smashed his own mark in

Heading: a b o r t io n
Content: 

Heading: a id
Content: 

Heading: The Council on Abortion
Content: 

Heading: Research
Content: 

Heading: &
Content: 

Heading: Education
Content: 

Heading: (Non-
Content: 

Heading: Profit) provides free infor
Content: 

Heading: mation and referral assistance
Content: 

Heading: regarding legal abortion.
Content: 

Heading: Limited financial aid is also
Content: 

Heading: available. Inquiries are
Content: 

Heading: completely confidential.
Content: 

Heading: Call:
Content: 

Heading: (212) 682-6856
Content: the 200-yard breaststroke and set a new standard in the 400-yard in dividual
    medley.

Heading: INTRAMURAL TRACK MEET
Content: Wednesday, April 2 8 -- 6 p.m. Thursday, April 29 -- 6 p.m.

Heading: MEMORIAL STADIUM
Content: April 28 Discus (finals) Long Jump (finals) Pole Vault (finals) 120-yd.
    Intermediate Hurdles (trials) 100-yd. Dash (trials) 440-yd. (trials) Mile
    (finals) 220-yd. Dash (trials) April 29 (all finals ) Javelin High Jump Shot
    Put 120-yd. Intermediate Hurdles 100-yd. Dash 440-yd. 880-yd. 220-yd. Dash

Heading: B R U N O ' S
Content: 

Heading: House of Fashion
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-0790
Content: By DAVE COULTER As the spring sports season ap proaches its midpoint, the
    records once again show the tennis team leading the way. Carrying a string
    of 28 victories, six in this seasons campaign. Bu is pressing hard in quest
    of an MAC title. However the squad is quite young with only one senior, Alex
    Anderson, who hanHios the second singles position. Alex is quite "
    optimistic" about the prospects for this season, as long as the four, five
    and six men do well. Up top we're as strong as we were last year, when any
    of the top five could beat any other on a given day, and we have three of
    the five back this year. " So far the top three have been winning while the
    bottom three have been having trouble. However, no team will overpower us,
    even though some may have more depth." But if the Bisons continue to play
    well, Alex feels they should be able to advance into the MAC finals.
    However, he notes that in the fall, St. Joseph's had the top

Heading: MAC
Content: singles player in Steve Barnet. They also may have " a little more depth than we
    have, for while we beat them last year 6-3 they didn t graduate anyone. " As
    our team plays more matches we should get stronger and be much better by the
    end of the season. Also, we have played in a lot of wind so far which is
    probably a new experience for some of the younger players." This years team
    also features Steve Baird, who is a junior, at first singles and Jim
    Lackritz, also a junior, who plays very strong at the third singles spot.
    Alex be lieves that continued play will im prove talented sophomares Keith
    Kimball and Bob Christianson, and freshman Bruce Kevan. " Next year,"  Alex
    feels, " The team should be just as strong if not stronger. I'm  the only
    senior and an entire nucleus will return next year. Also a freshman will
    join the team who was the top player in the 18 and under class in New
    England. We could have a tennis dynasty if we can keep gett ing more
    freshmen. Next year we will also have an indoor tennis court which can be
    rolled on the gym floor. If we can keep doing well, people will think of BU
    as a tennis school and it will be easier and keep a winning emphasized, "
    was a real good idea to give us competition and practice. We played fine
    schools like Duke and had good weather to get on top of our games for the
    start of the season." As far as getting psyched for a match, Alex tries to "
    go out with the attitude that you must play your own game before your
    opponent gets his started. For example, you have to make him miss his back
    hand by playing up to the net, and exploiting his weakness. You must force
    the other guy to make mis takes; often you do not win, but the other player
    is forced to lose. ''There is s great difference, though, between doubles
    and singles; it is much harder to hit a shot that no one can get to, a com
    plete winner in doubles. You must get the opponent to hit a shot that is
    high enough or soft enough for you to handle easily. You dont want to hit a
    shot that the other guy can take advantage of. It is much easier for the
    other team to capitalize on your mistakes m doubles." Alex asserts that the
    most im portant thing in playing is to con centrate and keep your cool. I
    try to get to the net and force him while not making any mistakes. I want to
    try to allow him to make errors and force him to play an ex ceptional game
    if he is to win. Certainly Alex has proven ms ability to employ his
    strategy. He would, however, enthusiastically welcome more " fan

Heading: support"
Content: from the campus community. He admits, " A knowledgable audience would really be
    great." The future holds a road to the Wharton School of Business at Penn
    for Alex next year. He is " lookin'' forward to going on to bigger and
    better things."  For while he has " enjoyed" Bucknell, he is getting "
    restless after four years in Lewis burg." An Anderson Smash (Photo by Bob
    Arnold) If Alex has gained the confidence and consistency of the Bison
    tennis squad, surely he will succeed in any of his future endeavors.
    However, the Reynolds-coached players wm need to mass all their talents and
    consistency if they are to continue their winning ways and advance to
    capture the coveted

Heading: M AC
Content: title.

Heading: I " "
Content: h o u se

Heading: NEED PAINTING?
Content: i n t e r i o r o r e x t e r i o r experienced students seek cart time summer
    employment PContaS BOB RAYMOND 523- uni

Heading: F.HIC
Content: LeROY 524-1357 to recruit team." " The southern trip,"  the senior

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -iAds:-
Content: CLASSY-FYED ads are run at a rate of 5c per word, per inser tion, with a minimum
    charge of $1.00. All ads should be submit ted - twpewritten by Sat. noon for
    Tuesday's paper and Wed nesday noon for Friday's paper.

Heading: PAYMENT MUST
Content: 

Heading: ACCOMPANY AD.
Content: BOOKS -- 20,000 of all sorts! At the bookstore in Swengel, Pa., 12 miles west of
    Lewisburg. FOR SALE -- 1962 Chevy Nova widi 300 horsepower V-8 and 3-speed,
    only $250 call 524-1362.

Heading: CALL SALLY
Content: 

Heading: (7+- 7(
Content: bucknell student flights (Open only to B ucknell Students and Educational Staff-

Heading: O
Content: Price Based on 60 Seats) q

Heading: jjr-- -
Content: 

Heading: -- ########-- --
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: * l>>71 W. #- <<<<ACC * CO.

Heading: The people who make tennis clothes
Content: 

Heading: something exciting to wear.
Content: When John Meyer tailors tennis clothes the score is "love all" around. You'll
    love that it's all been done in easy-care knit, too.

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 400 Market Street
Content: Lewisburg,

Heading: Pa-
Content: 

Heading: Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: of living............You can do your own kind
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: of dressing in fashions from
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: A professional
Content: 

Heading: abortion
Content: 

Heading: that is safe, legal &
Content: 

Heading: inexpensive
Content: 

Heading: can be set up on an
Content: 

Heading: outpatient basis by calling
Content: 

Heading: The Problem Pregnancy
Content: 

Heading: Referral Service
Content: 

Heading: 215-722-5360
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours--7 days
Content: 

Heading: for professional, confidential
Content: 

Heading: and caring help
Content: APRIL 23, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SEVEN
Content: 

Heading: J 9
Content: 

Heading: Notes &
Content: 

Heading: Comment
Content: 

Heading: Spring Football Game Stages
Content: 

Heading: Bison Freshman-Varsity Battle
Content: 

Heading: HI
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL Athletic intramurals involve more students than any other
    activity at the University. According to Wrestling Coach Richard Schumacher,
    coordinator of the intramural program, 1740 different bodies participated in
    the various sports offered. " The objective of intramurals is to involve as
    many students as possible. Right now about 50% of BU's male population are
    competing." Coch Schumacher noted. While Schumacher considers the intramural
    program " well organized" he is planning some changes. " Intramurals are
    headed in the direction of a more open program. I'd like to open up all
    sports like the basketball league this year." Basketball intramurals gave
    any upperclassman the opportunity to form their own teams iinstead of
    playing for a fraternity or independent team. In the future, Schumacher
    would like to be able to send all-star in tramural teams to other schools to
    compete against their intramural champions. Schumacher also forsees, with
    increased student participation, the necessity of scheduling intramurals
    seven days a week " We really have poor basketball facilities and the
    playing fields are just adequate. Greater student involvement would
    necessitate Sunday afternoon or night intramural games." In respect to other
    schools' programs, our University compares favorably. At BU eleven different
    sports are offered. Penn State's intra mural program for example, features
    14 different sports, but a majority of these are single elimination
    tournaments which might give a team only one opportunity to play. At a
    smaller school, such as Susquehanna, only five sports are offered on the
    intramural level. The only superiority of Penn State's intramural program
    lies in the awards system. Due to the fact that each entering team is
    charged a small entrance fee, the school is able to have elaborate trophy
    presenta tions. This subject of money comes right to the heart of the
    problems in the University's intramural program. During the fall sports
    program it was necessary to pay referees to insure getting good ones. This
    cost, com bined with money for equipment, use of facilities, and
    presentation of trophies runs into a large sum. Because of the large number
    of students who benefit from athletic intramurals, we feel that this
    expenditure can be justified. This week the ABS appropriations committee is
    meeting to determine how much money shall be allocated to the various
    student organizations. Last year Schumacher requested a total of $3800. He
    was granted only $2800. Consequently the intramural program is greatly in
    need of money. Part of the problem is that running the intramural program is
    more than a one man job. For this reason Coach Schumacher has a student
    liason in senior Phil Porterfield. Schumacher estimates that Phil puts in at
    least 30 hours a month (only for part of this time is he paid) on scheduling
    and writing up standings and statistics. ABS President Bob Nachshin and Vice
    President Russ Pais both en dorsed a strengthing of the intramural program
    in their pre-election speeches. Now is the time that they can do something
    to strengthen intramurals. Coach Schumacher has set a budget this year and
    it behooves ABS to ap propriate this money to support the activity which
    involves the largest portion of the student body. The annual Blue-White
    football game will be held here in Memorial Stadium at 7:30 Friday night as
    usual, but this year Coach Fred Prender has added a new twist to the
    intrasquad battle. The Bison head mentor has divided the squad into two
    teams consisting of the freshmen on one unit and the var sity on the other.
    Prender said, " There are a couple of exceptions to the rule, but pri marily
    that's the way the two squads will be divided. I think that it will make for
    some fierce compe tition."  Co-captain Joe DiOrio will play on the defense
    for the freshmen and sophomore Rich Zentz, who was out all last year with an
    inyujr, will run in the frosh backfield. Doing the quarterbacking for the
    Blue team (varsity) will be regular signal caller Howard Burke, who is
    returning from a shoulder separa tion, and frosh Paul Kmetz. The White team
    will have freshman Carl Probst and Will Pike at the reins. Running in the
    Blue backfield will be sophomores Rick Diez, Mitch Farbstein and Gregory
    Wright. The two wide receivers will be junior

Heading: Linksmen Win
Content: The Bison golfers picked up vic tories yesterday in a home tri-meet. The
    lingsmen downed Susquehanna 4-3 and Mansfield State 6-1. Senior captain Mark
    Reddy was low man for the day with a 78 while senior A1 Shiffler and
    sophomore Dave Maier each carded 80's. Doug Biden and freshman Joe Ber ing.
    The White team offensive backs will be freshmen Pat Caffrey and Steve
    Renock, and sophomore Zentz. The wide receivers will be fresh men Bob
    Chandler and Bill Stein. Prender said, " The Spring Game brings to an end 20
    days of hard work. It gives us a chance to show what we've been working on.
    The kids always look forward to it. I hope that many of the fans will be out
    to see us on Friday night."

Heading: Impressive Strength Up Middle
Content: 

Heading: Keynotes Baby Bison's Attack
Content: By KEN DOAK The Bison " B"  baseball squad, consisting of 29 freshmen, has been
    working in virtual anonymity while developing some ballplayers for fu ture
    BU varisty teams. Coach Bill Lane has been im pressed with their attitude.
    Despite being handicapped by playing only four games, he sees some of them
    helping the Bisons next season. He said, " If they can play summer ball and
    improve their skills, they should be fairly adequate players by next year."
    They began their season in style by routing Luzerne Community Col lege 16-4
    on Monday, and playing what the Coach called " a real fine game."  He was
    especially pleased with their alert defensive play. The strength of the team
    lies at catcher, second base, and center field. Lane said, " We're good
    through the middle, and that's the keystone of any ballclub." These three
    players are Ed Coh en, Connie Dwire, and Stan Page. They sparked the offense
    against Luzerne, as well as doing well de-

Heading: Fading Diamondmen
Content: 

Heading: Defeated by Pitt, 6-2
Content: The Bisons have been taking a lot of batting practice in hopes of waking up
    their offensive attack. (photo by Ed Marston) By KEN DOAK The Bisons dropped
    another ball game Tuesday as they lost to Pitt 6-2, dropping their overall
    record to 2-8. The Herd had plenty of baserun- ners for a change, but could
    not de liver the big hit as several hard hit balls were caught with men on
    base. As a result, 15 runners were stranded. Before yesterday's contest with
    F&M, Coach Tommy Thompson was still looking for a way of getting some runs
    across the plate. He said of his players: " They're getting down on
    themselves; they're press ing. We've just got to keep swing ing." At
    Pittsburgh, Gene Luccarelli opened the game with a big home- run as he
    continued his strong hit ting. However, BU found themselves down 5-1 before
    they could get on the scoreboard a second time. The Panthers reached starter
    Tony Zidansek, who was working on short rest, for a run in the first, two in
    the second, and two more in the third. Bill Gaito took over the mound chores
    in the third and allowed only one run in an excellent 4 and two- thirds
    innings of relief. The Bisons collected their second run in the fifth frame
    when Luc carelli walked, Steve Eck and Chris Riley singled, and John Rudolph
    was hit by a pitch. fensively. Cohen collected three hits and two RBIs in
    the opener. Lane comment ed, " Cohen looks like a real fine hitter. He
    always gets a piece of the ball." Page was the offensive star against
    Luzerne, as he banged out three hits, scored four times, and drove in five
    runs. He also covers a lot of ground in the outfield. De wire also drove out
    two hits. Other starters include Jim Rich ardson (IB), John McIntyre (SS>,
    Bill Walsh (3B), Jeff Fischer (LF), and Ray Linstrum (RF). Other prospects
    include shortstop Tom Keyser, and flychasers Len Coates and Dave Kenamond.
    Against Luzerne, starting pitcher Jim Bolognese went the distance, yeilding
    nine hits and three earned runs, while fanning nine. Lane said, " He was
    ahead of every batter. He pitched a real fine game." Bolognese and Steve
    Speechley, in addition to hurling for the B squad, have been relieving for
    the varsity and doing a respectable job. Inform ation A bout

Heading: LE G A L ,
Content: 

Heading: NEW  Y O R K
Content: 

Heading: ABORTIONS
Content: *  E xpert certified G ynecologists *  C hoice o f top  private hospitals and
    private clinics. *  Appointm ents scheduled with* in 24 hours *  T ravel
    arrangem ents available

Heading: *  TOTAL COST BELOW $250
Content: 

Heading: FOR EARLY PREGNANCIES--
Content: 

Heading: FEE INCLUDED
Content: 

Heading: CALL EITHER OFFICE FOR
Content: 

Heading: ASSISTANCE
Content: ( 201 ) 334-3738 ( 212 ) 885-1314 N ew  Y ork  M edical R eferral A gen cy
    ------ WHATS PLAYING? ------

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOARD
Content: 

Heading: SAT., SUN., MON., TUES.,
Content: 

Heading: April 24, 25, 26,27
Content: 

Heading: IL' ;i* I
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: LA CASA de PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: !
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: 

Heading: (THE HOUSE OF "ZA")
Content: 

Heading: %
Content: 

Heading: 216
Content: 

Heading: MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: (across from Bucknellian office)
Content: 

Heading: |i
Content: 

Heading: SERVING 18 KINDS OF PIZZA; GRINDERS, SANDWICHES, & SPAGHETTI
Content: 

Heading: f
Content: 

Heading: LUNCHTIME SPECIALS
Content: 

Heading: PS
Content: 

Heading: DIRECT FROM ITS SENSATIONAL ROADSHOW ENGAGEMENT I
Content: 

Heading: NOW AT REGULAR PRICES
Content: 

Heading: JBIII
Content: 

Heading: p
Content: 

Heading: <<!S i
Content: 

Heading: SERVING FROM:
Content: 

Heading: Mon. thru Thurs. 10 a.m. - 1 a.m.
Content: 

Heading: CLIP THIS COUPON AND SAVE
Content: 

Heading: Fri. & Sat.
Content: 

Heading: 10 a.m. - 2 a.m.
Content: 

Heading: 25c O FF
Content: 

Heading: Sunday
Content: 

Heading: 3 p.m. - 1 a.m.
Content: 

Heading: THE PRICE OF ANY PIZZA
Content: 

Heading: Avoid waiting -  Phone
Content: 

Heading: Offer limited to one per cus
Content: 

Heading: tomer
Content: 

Heading: 523 - 9333
Content: 

Heading: Your order will be ready
Content: 

Heading: OFFER EXPIRES FRIDAY, APRIL 30.
Content: 

Heading: 25c O FF
Content: 

Heading: CUP A SAVE
Content: 

Heading: The re-creation of the incredible attack on Pearl Harbor
Content: 

Heading: -- PLEASE NOTE SHOW TIMES --
Content: 

Heading: Friday * Saturday
Content: 

Heading: Sunday, Mon., Tuesday
Content: 

Heading: 2 Shows - 6:45 - 9:15
Content: 

Heading: 1 Show at 7:45
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LXXHI -- NO. 45
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY. APRIL 27, 197i
Content: 

Heading: jSuckndlian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: -----------------
Content: 

Heading: D.C. Demonstration Draws Thousands;
Content: 

Heading: Movement Emerges from 'Hibernation'
Content: Livingston Taylor will appear in a double concert on May 6 in Davis Gym. Tom
    Rush will provide tbe other half of the evening's entertainment. Tickets are
    $4.00 and the concert will begin at 8:30 p.m.

Heading: Smolen Predicts No Shortage
Content: 

Heading: In Housing for Coming Year
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: APRIL 23, 1971 By JUNE CAFFREY and LINDA DIETRICK Mr. Len Smolen, Associate Di
    rector of Residence Halls, has an nounced that there is " no serious housing
    shortage on campus." After last week's room drawing it was rumored that six
    present freshman women were left without rooms. Smolen said that there is "
    sufficient room for all women now"  because the University has opened the
    entire first floor of Harris Hall to upperclass women. Smolen added that
    most rooms were adequate except for the slight ly crowded conditions in
    B-Wing of Swartz Hall. One future resident of B-Wing re marked upon seeing
    her room (now ^  single which will be made into a double), " The main
    problem be sides crowding will be the amount of storage space available. The
    closets and drawers seem only ade quate for one person." With regards to the
    rumor that there were 140 freshman men with no room assignments Smolen said
    that there are 61 unassigned spaces which will presently be opened. This
    leaves 79 unhoused men. This num ber is very low in comparison to last
    year's figure. Smolen sees a good possibility

Heading: Author Highlights
Content: 

Heading: Black Symposinm
Content: By STEVE KNIGHT C. Eric Lincoln, noted black scho lar, lecturer, and author,
    will high light the third and last Afro-Ameri can Symposium of the year,
    held today and tomorrow. *  Dr. Lincoln will present a lecture based on his
    forthcoming book, con cerning " The New Black in Search of a Self,"  tonight
    at 8 p.m. in Vaughan Lit. auditorium. He will also speak during the
    Wednesday morning classes of poli tics and culture (8:00 a.m. in Cole man
    202A), politics and culture (9:00 a.m. in Coleman 201B), re ligion 100
    (10:00 a.m. in Coleman 204A), and social stratification (11:00 a.m. in
    Coleman 201B). Harvey Powers, chairman of the subcommittee on Afro-American
    Studies, commented that, " I think we are fortunate to have such an eminent
    scholar complete our Sym posium Program for this year. We 1 Vhope that in
    arranging this year's program as we have that we've saved the best for
    last." In addition to his positions as pro fessor of sociology and religion
    at Union Theological Seminary and adjunct professor of sociology at Vassar
    College, Dr. Lincoln has lectured at colleges and universities such as Yale,
    MIT, Columbia, and the University of Ghana, ar iong many others. Dr. Lincoln
    is presently serving as president of the Black Academy of Arts and Sciences.
    that a majority of those 79 will be housed before leaving campus. The rest
    will be put on a small waiting lists. The deadline for room cancel ation is
    June 1. Smolen said that these room cancelations are de pendent upon the
    number of stu dents who decide to live off campus, (Continued on Page 3) By
    DAVID LOGAN News Analysis Poets and pseudo - philosophers have told us that
    in spring, " a young man's fancy turns to love." This has been expanded in
    recent years to include, " and demonstrat ing." Last Saturday the Peace Move
    ment came out of its winter hiber nation and took to the streets of
    Washington, D.C. in, as one of the speakers put it, " the biggest anti war
    demonstration of the year." It seems to me that it had to be, since it was
    also the first of the year. But that is nit-picking. The demonstration was
    large and peace ful and important to a yet-to-be-de termined degree.
    Actually, it wasn't the fiirst. For the week preceding the march, a

Heading: Deuxed Coup
Content: large contingent of Vietnam veter ans camped out on the Mall and lobbied in
    Congress. Apparently the impact they had was large, and their concerns were
    felt (if not shared) by the whole nation. Their activities were capped by
    the medal-dumping on the Capitol steps on Friday. Throughout the week the
    vets voiced their concern about Vietnam in only ways that a vet could. This
    is probably the only large difference between this and the other big
    demonstrations in D.C., but there are other less important but equal ly
    interesting ways to distinguish it. First of all, the crowd was huge. From
    up near the Capitol steps, for as far as I could see down Pennsy lvania
    Avenue, people were jam-

Heading: ' Funkier
Content: 

Heading: 91971 Beach Boys
Content: 

Heading: Disperse 6Good Vibrations9
Content: By DEAN LANDEW (1971 version) All of this talk about the New Beach Boys, I'm
    not sure about it, see. . .just because it's so many years after " Little
    Deuce Coupe"  and " Surfin U.S.A." and things have gotten louder and more
    technical and Jimi Hendrix has been here and gone, it doesn't mean that
    there is going to be New Beach Boys. I know what the idea is, it's that
    these people who did so much with their music a few years ago can still be
    trend setters (or at least they can still be In There), so they're coming up
    with some new songs that show that they are in terested in keeping up. I
    tell you, though, I heard these Beach Boys Friday, and they haven't improved
    a lick on their instruments. Carl and A1 have got Gibsons now because
    they're a bit heavier sounding than Fenders, and the whole sound is big,
    sort of, with the horns and piano and percussion, but it's still trebly and
    light and hygienic and really about as safe as milk. So their hair got
    longer and they swapped their Good Humor suite for other clothes
    (particularly Mike Love looks pretty good, doesn't he?) and they do dope and
    meditation and they probably have got groupies too, but didn't you hear the
    same old band, of last decade? I mean there were an awful lot of polo shirts
    and short pants Friday that usually don't show up at concerts these days.
    Some of their old stuff is done over so it's slower and sort of funkier,
    like "Help Me Rhonda," but wasn't it great to hear " I Get Around"  again
    like it really used to be? And " California Girls?"  God, what a little bit
    of wine and with all your friends there, you knew the music wasn't as good
    as the Band or someone like that, but who cares? You were there to have a
    good time, see what the Beach Boys look like now, and hear some good old
    tunes. They don't have to change. They shouldn't. It just sounds good to
    hear the Beach Boys again and enjoy the old songs. And even though " Darlin"
    and " Good Vibrations" and the Pet Sounds stuff in general is still really
    good music, and it's so nice to hear some real melody these days, the encore
    was the best part of the concert, really, wasn't it? They knew what the
    crowd wanted. Even though they ended on a new unknown song (from Sunflower,
    tbe new album they've played on the (Continued on Page 2) med in shoulder to
    shoulder. Crowd estimates ranged from 175,000 to over half a million. No-one
    can really tell how large a crowd like that really is; how ever, Norman
    Mailer suggests in Armies of the Night to take the police estimate and
    multiply it by four or take the Left Wing estimate and divide by two and a
    half. Thai isn't much of a help, but perhaps that's a bit of an insight into
    these kinds of things. There were thousands of seem ingly well-trained
    marshalls, medics and legal aides constantly in sight. The weather was good
    and the marchers were infused with what 1 considered to be a very unusua)
    mood. On one hand, there wasn't a sense of desparate frustration among the
    marchers, nor, on the other, a Woodstocklike festival at mosphere. There
    seemed to be a sense oi quiet intensity. A sense that " the end of the
    tunnel was REALLY in sight."  Very little rhetoric. (In fact. I only heard
    one "Right On,"  and that came from Congresswoman Bella Abzug, and she can
    be for given). As the crush of people pressed uf to the Capitol steps, the
    list a! speakers began. Mrs Coretta King. Senator Vance Hartke, Davil Del
    linger, and many, many others. Tht speeches were generally short and said
    just enough to keep the crowd'! interest. Perhaps the high point of the day
    was the talk given by John Kerry head of the Vietnam Veterans Against the
    War. He said, among other things, that he hoped that thirty years from now,
    when a kid sees an amputee and askes him what happened and the soldier
    replies " Vietnam,"  the kid won't think of desert, but rather of the place
    where America " turned itself around." There was a large quantity said after
    that (including the Fish Cheer) but not much quality. Other things were
    obvious to the casual observer. There were large numbers of labor people
    there, their (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Augment English
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: Religion Staffs
Content: 

Heading: Hiring of Two Blacks Attracts Praise, Speculation
Content: By NANCY GRDEN and

Heading: BILL WHITNEY
Content: (Editor's Note: This is the last of a two-part news analysis concern ing the
    hiring of two black pro fessors. David T. Shannon will join the faculty as
    associate professor of religion and advisor to students. Richard E. Smith
    will join as as sistant professor of English.) Dr. Harvey Powers, professor
    of English and chairman of the sub committee on Afro - American studies,
    discussed the appointment of the two black professors. " The hiring of these
    two black profes sors is a 200% improvement over the present situation.
    Shannon is deeply committed to the notion of finding a model of black
    studies ap propriate to the University,"  as serted Powers. " He will
    provide guidance and leadership that we asked for when we recommended that a
    consultant be hired." " Smith is a scholar who is com ing to fill a vacancy
    in the English department, but it is our good for tune that he happens to be
    black. He will be teaching two freshman English sections in black
    literature, and, in this respect, he will be a positive contribution. It is
    rather valuable to have both men here." When asked if he felt the two men
    might become " tokens,"  he replied, " People who are thinking in terms of
    tokens are also thinking in terms of prejudice. However, we have no
    effective means of combating pre judice." Powers also feels that in the
    past, black students have not turned down admission to the University
    because there have been no black professors. " Rather," he stated, " blacks
    have been offered admis sion elsewhere where they have bet ter scholarship
    aid. I do feel that the University will appear more at tractive now to black
    students, especially since one of the men has been specifically appointed as
    an advisor to students. "If we do want to really attract more black
    students, and other minority students, then we must de velop a healthier
    financial aid pro gram than we have presently." When asked if he felt the
    Uni versity might be more able to at tract more minority group profes sors,
    Powers said, " I do think that the more progressive faculty mem bers find
    Die faculty somewhat nar row. It is unnatural for a faculty as large as this
    one to be pre dominately white. I do feel that the University will be able
    to attract more good professors, both white and black." Powers went on to
    say, " I am delighted with the turn of events, which are in part due to the
    efforts of our committee. Powers also commented on whe ther he felt there
    would be any type of friction between the two men and the rest of the
    faculty. " I can't imagine that there will be any sort of friction. I am
    sure m y collea gues are just and honorable men who will welcome these two
    new faculty members. " I find it rather hard to think in terms of frictions
    and problems, or making the University a better place because of these two
    men. 3 like to think more along the lines oi making the faculty body more re
    presentative of the sociiety in whict it functions and in terms of filling
    holes in the curriculum. " We are guilty of the sin of omis sion in giving
    little attention to tht problems, contributions, and his tory of our largest
    minority group ' Smith Dr. Harry Garvin, chairman oi the English department,
    discussed the appointment of Smith as assist ant proffessor of English. "
    Pro fessor Smith is coming here as a professional Medievalist in litera
    ture,"  said Garvin. " He has beet- desilt with that way by member* of the
    English department and by the administration. " The question of his being
    tht director of any kind of black stud ies never even rose."  Garvin wen:
    on, " He's not here for that purpose - he is here for literature. He also
    stated that the member* of the Enguish department view (Continued on Page 3)
    Mr'' t

Heading: I
Content: t

Heading: m S
Content: t

Heading: Let's Keep It Peaceful
Content: 

Heading: The spring movement now marches
Content: 

Heading: into a critical period --  so say the organ
Content: 

Heading: izers. Late April and early ^ May are
Content: 

Heading: scheduled as a time for militant non
Content: 

Heading: violence which demands a stronger com
Content: 

Heading: mitment than that needed to march last
Content: 

Heading: Saturday.
Content: 

Heading: , ,
Content: 

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: This week, the Peoples Lobby will
Content: 

Heading: confront various government agencies,
Content: 

Heading: asking them to ratify the People's Peace
Content: 

Heading: Treaty. Saturday, May 1, will bring a
Content: 

Heading: rally of festive nature to Rock Creek
Content: 

Heading: Park. This day will build strength and
Content: 

Heading: solidarity for the May 3 - 5  actions plan
Content: 

Heading: ned to "shut down the city." During
Content: 

Heading: these days, groups will mass at the major
Content: 

Heading: transportation junctions in and near
Content: 

Heading: Washington and attempt to snarl traf
Content: 

Heading: fic for the entire day. The commitment
Content: 

Heading: is to stay on the bridges and in the road
Content: 

Heading: ways until arrested. However, nonvio
Content: 

Heading: lence is to be maintained at all times.
Content: 

Heading: There are many concepts of nonvio
Content: 

Heading: lence. The most irresponsible one is an
Content: 

Heading: attitude which leads people to do noth
Content: 

Heading: ing about the existing violence, while
Content: 

Heading: chiding others for acting violently to
Content: 

Heading: halt it. This attitude accepts the vio
Content: 

Heading: lence of the police but severely criticizes
Content: 

Heading: that of the Panthers. It is the nonvio
Content: 

Heading: lent attitude of affulent America.^ This
Content: 

Heading: conception of "acting nonviolently" con
Content: 

Heading: siders only the actions of the individual
Content: 

Heading: and not the impact of the collective
Content: 

Heading: society. It is the epitome of irresponsi
Content: 

Heading: bility and allows the greatest violence --
Content: 

Heading: the Indochina War --  to continue.
Content: 

Heading: In contrast to irresponsible nonvio
Content: 

Heading: lence is the belief which rejects mass
Content: 

Heading: action as well as violence. It leads one
Content: 

Heading: to reject all aspects of our present sys
Content: 

Heading: tem, including any militancy. It is as
Content: 

Heading: sumed that men, working militantly,
Content: 

Heading: necessarily act emotionally and irration
Content: 

Heading: ally. In living in a world where men
Content: 

Heading: control their own lives and have no de
Content: 

Heading: signs on that of others, mass action has
Content: 

Heading: no place. Inherent in this lifestyle, how
Content: 

Heading: ever is a total rejection of the exploita
Content: 

Heading: tion'&  violence of the present system.
Content: 

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: commitment
Content: 

Heading: to
Content: 

Heading: nonviolence
Content: 

Heading: which will bring many to Washington
Content: 

Heading: has the added dimension of militancy.
Content: 

Heading: Out of these actions, Dave Dellinger
Content: 

Heading: hopes "we may on the one hand add to
Content: 

Heading: the widespread sense of crisis and urgen
Content: 

Heading: cy, and, on the other hand, avoid alienat
Content: 

Heading: ing people by seeming to be irrespons
Content: 

Heading: ible or self-indulgent." The belief is that
Content: 

Heading: to live in a nonviolent world, the exist
Content: 

Heading: ing violence must be halted - nonviolent
Content: 

Heading: ly. But only militancy can assure this
Content: 

Heading: end.
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: In many respects, the Mayday ac-
Content: 

Heading: tions follow in the traditions of the mili
Content: 

Heading: tancy of a Gandhi or a King, but militant
Content: 

Heading: nonviolence, can not be seen as a pana
Content: 

Heading: cea. The responsible nonviolence of total
Content: 

Heading: withdrawal from the system cannot be
Content: 

Heading: discounted. Essential to both conceptions
Content: 

Heading: of the meaning of nonviolence is the
Content: 

Heading: commitment to a peaceful way of life.
Content: 

Heading: Both are responsible since neither ac
Content: 

Heading: cepts the inherent violence of the system.
Content: 

Heading: Mayday offers a chance for those com
Content: 

Heading: mitted to militancy. For others, living is
Content: 

Heading: the continual experience of acting non
Content: 

Heading: violently. Whether it leads one to the
Content: 

Heading: Capitol or to a farm, the direction of re
Content: 

Heading: sponsible nonviolence necessarily opposes
Content: 

Heading: the values of the existing American mon
Content: 

Heading: olith.
Content: 

Heading: What's Happening in D. C.
Content: People's Coalition for Peace & Justice People's Lobby -- April 26 - May 4
    Perhaps the most effective action taken last sp m g after Cambodia and the
    killing of students at Jadrson and Kent was the invasion of Washington by
    people demandmg to talk to their gdeg (tm) ewere people's lobbyists. And on
    a one to one basis, they talked to the people who run the war machine,
    Congressmen, the ^ T O s y e a r  there will be a broader people's lobby,
    and this year, when we're asked " What do you want, anyway? we can say "
    Sign the People's Peace Treaty." . The obiect of the People's Lobby is to
    talk to everyone m toe government in Washington. To show everyone the trea^
    ^ d a^ him to sign it. To ask him to join in the no more business as usual"
    moratorium May 5. To demand that the war end ndeg w' 1 a date be set to
    complete the withdrawal of all troops from South- eaStTf demand a guaranteed
    annual income of $6500 for a family And to demand the freedom of all
    political prisoners. Starting Monday, April 26 the lobby will call on
    Congress, Selective Service, IRS, Justice Department, and toe Pentagon.
    Lobbyists will continue visiting congressmen through the week (see your own
    Representative and Senator first), and May 5 we will all return to the
    Capitol for the national moratorium. The government is not used to opening
    its doors to toe people, and when we come they may close and lock some
    doors, and if they do we are prepared to stay there, and nonviolently, act
    in civil disobedience. . _ (The people's lobby was to have confronted the C
    on fess yester day, and plans to go to the IRS (April 26), HEW (April 29 .S
    elec tive Service (April 27); and the Justice Department on April 30 and May
    4.>>

Heading: from an "apathetic"
Content: To the Editor: It was with great delight that I read Mr. Wendel's column in the
    April 20, B u ck n ellia n . No longer do I have to search for my niche in
    life; I have been classified already. I am an " apathetic." . .1 read toe
    People's Peace Treaty and found it.

Heading: . .to
Content: be " not a very good docu ment either diplomatically or po litically."
    Therefore, I showed my true ugly color and apathetically voted against it.
    The crime of apathy must cer tainly be reaching an epidemic level if someone
    is to be accused of it for voting on something. If logic of this sort is
    returning to America, then Joseph McCarthy memorials and pilgrimages to
    Salem, Massachusetts must be fol lowing close behind. The term apathetic has
    been beaten to death as it is, but let's not make a com plete farce of it.
    If the question of what a petition (i.e. The Peace Treaty) really " says,"
    has to be asked, then it should never be signed. Any statement that is to
    represent the opinion of a group had better be written on the lines, not "
    between them."  A little thought should be used before the condemn ing cry
    of apathy is used as an ex cuse for failure. Apathetic, for de manding
    explicitness? Who's kidd ing who? The students who composed this Peace
    Treaty were obviously neither diplomats nor politicians. Why then did they
    feel compelled to try and state their document as if they were? To attempt
    to gain an end by trying to be something you are not is certainly a quixotic
    endea vor. Perhaps if those students were more attentive to learning from
    their governments' bureaucratic mistakes they would not repeat them. Let
    people express their ideas in the manner that they are com petent. When the
    students begin to speak as students, then the ranks of the " apathetic" may
    begin to de crease. Apathetically yours, D. Flanagan

Heading: Wasted . . . .
Content: To the Editor: As members of the Freshman class who are deeply embarrased by the
    conduct of several of our number, we wish to express our concept for their
    immature and ir responsible attitudes. . .surely the effort could have been
    better spent in a more constructive manner to remedy a food situation
    alledged to be unsatisfactory. For example, when toe students of Susquehanna
    University could no longer tolerate the condition of their food, they
    organized a mass meeting in front of the President's house to protest the
    food situation. This action re sulted in a new and better system utilizing
    catered food. . . Blake Nicholson, et al

Heading: . . . .  Food
Content: To the Editor: I think I speak for the majority of the freshman class, when I
    say that the events of Thursday's din ner were uncalled for, assinine, and,
    unfortunately, indicative of the attitude and maturity of a handfull of
    B.U.'s " students."  I will be toe first to admit that the food at toe
    cafeteria isn't as good as mom's home cookin'. However, toe food is still
    quite good considering toe quantity which must be prepared. In looking
    around at toe people in the " battle area,"  I noticed, as I'm sure many
    others did, a great degree of polarity. The two groups were, obviously,
    those who had enough maturity not to participate, and those who joined the
    throwers. The former were completely " gros- sed-out"  by the whole thing,
    and some had the propriety to help toe cafeteria staff clean up the mess.
    The second group, the participants, were really happy about the great time
    they had, how many people they had hit, etc., etc. To those who helped clean
    up, I extend, for what it's worth, my personal thanks. On behalf of the "
    participants,"

Heading: I
Content: apologize to the cafeteria staff. Sincerely, Dave Rhodes By JOHN FRIEDMAN After
    participating in a discussion of " junior counseling,"  held on April 22 in
    Roberts, with the new and old " j.c.'s,"  I have arrived at toe final
    realization -- there is no hope in this tradition. I attended hoping to
    curtail toe shit I knew would be flying, and ended getting it all over me.
    What kind of perspective can these people, these " counselors,"  have when
    they preface every sentence with enther, " What should I do if. . . . or "
    How should I talk to them when they. . .?"  These " counselors kept speaking
    of their responsibilities as " j.c.'s"  rather than the unportance, the
    necessity, of individual freedom and independence. To linnt toe absurdities
    one would have to interrupt every sentence spoken, and start another using
    the aforementioned ground. What kind of orientation, or more importantly;
    what kinds of re lationships can freshmen have when these people, their
    immediate Iwck- nell"  contacts, are involved in their role as j.c. (and its
    contingencies to such an extent, that they feel forced to play " counselor,
    mstead of being themselves. Can I possibly express my anger and dismay over
    a system grounded in shit1

Heading: Get to know the Administrators!
Content: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY at Lewisurg, Pa. under
    the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON --* Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON --  Business Manager
Content: t h e b u c k n e l l i a n p l a t f o r m TO review  W University, to treat
    ,,?instructively critical when necessary as w ell m  lauda- t S w ^ ^ ^ a ^
    p r ia t e . SriUto prtot the news with accuracy and integrity. O ffice:
    Fochl Printing Co., 22<< Market Street. 5ZI-4M1 Consultant: Brad Tofts.
    524-1221

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: APRIL 27, 1971 To the Editor: In answer to toe anonymous letter about jc and ra
    selection. Upon first reading your letter about counselor selection I was
    fur ious. Re-reading it I felt only pity and sadness for you, as a member of
    the Bucknell community as well as a human being. . * How do you know what
    toe ad ministration wants to hear?. . .First if you honestly know what they
    want to hear, it can only be through personal contact with these ad
    ministrators which invalidates your reference to toe point of twenty minute
    interviews. To really know what they are looking for in a coun selor, you
    must really know toe ad ministration, which refutes your thesis that a
    twenty minute inter view is toe only criterion in all cases. If, however,
    you assume these qualities to be toe obvious criterion, don't you believe
    that some people really do possess them? I know that some of toe counselors
    selected exhibit great quantities of your in-quote phrases. Secondly, if you
    only talked with thpm for twenty minutes and are accusing them of making
    snap de cisions, I strongly feel that you have made toe grossest
    assumptions. Not only is it immature and in conceivable to me that you could
    believe what you wrote, but truly toe saddest phenomena present in the world
    today-toat of mistrust and false assumptions by one hu man being of another.
    Only if you really know a person, can you with any conscience make these
    state ments -- and then only about in dividuals, not toe entire administra
    tion. Anonymous

Heading: Beach Boys
Content: (Continued from Page 1) radio recently, did you hear it got a very good review
    in Rolling Stone?), we saw the Beach Boys, and it was really more the whole
    excitement of seeing them than toe music itself, right? And for a dollar,
    who could miss? Cool. . .you know? Everybody had a good time. (1965 version)
    Everybody was ready for the concert. Ronny and Cindy and Tommie and Debbie
    were there, and then we picked up Billy. Especially Billy looked good in his
    white levis because he had been in the sun and got a tan. It was nice and
    sunny and Mom took us over to Newark in the Chevy with the top down so our
    hair could blow and we really wanted to get there . . We had great seats! We
    were in the fourth row and we could see toe Beach Boys perfectly, we were so
    close. They did " I Get Around," " Little Deuce Coupe," " Surfer Girl,"  "
    California Girls"  and even " Good Vibrations'' which we could n't believe
    they could do except on the record. There was screaming for Dennis, he was
    the one they wanted most. Billy thought Dennis was the coolest one, toe way
    he looked cool and got all toe girls. The only part I didn't like was when
    these four girls charged down the aisle yelling and jumped in on me and
    Ronny trying to get on the stage. It was all wild, and we all thought it was
    great. We turned on the radio in the." convertible on toe way back home, but
    toe news was on so we shut it off. Instead we let the wind blow our hair and
    we sang "Barbara Ann" all toe way home. We even stopped for Dairy Queens. It
    was the life, just being with your friends and singing and having a good
    time. Billy got toe Beach Boys party album when we got home and we all went
    over to his house to get a Pepsi and hear it. It was a good record and we
    all had a great time.

Heading: i
Content: f

Heading: I
Content: # mmsmmsmmmmmi M mmmmmhimm MNMMNHMMMMMMMKMMIMMMMMMMMIM M M lH M M M ia U N M M

Heading: Housing Shortage
Content: (Continued from Page 1) in fraternity houses, or to leave ;he University. Smolen
    noted that the slight im balance on the waiting list in toe proportion of
    men and women was due to a larger number of women living off campus in
    apartments that men normally would have oc cupied. As a result the
    University will house approximately 640 up- perclass men and 660 upperclass
    women. The reason the University did not open all housing for room drawing
    was that there was a question of which sex needed more rooms. As to why the
    University maintains a waiting list Mr. Smolen replied that " it is part of
    the normal function of residence halls to insure that they won't be left
    with 30 vacant rooms in September." As for freshmen, the office has taken
    into account an expected class size of 725, all of whom must be guaranteed a
    room by the uni versity. This is a reduction of about 75 freshmen over last
    year, and will provide additional room open ings for upperclassmen.
    According to the Admissions Of fice, 373 deposits have been received from
    prospective freshmen, 220 of which were early decision candi dates. Slightly
    more than that num ber are expected to accept offers of admission by May 1,
    toe dead line for deposits, bringing freshman acceptance to about 750. Some
    20-30 of those would then be expected to cancel over the summer. The reduced
    freshman class, add ed to the expansion of existing housing by converting
    lounges, singles into doubles, etc., has re sulted iin 155 more openings for
    upperclassmen over last year.

Heading: Hiring of Blacks
Content: (Continued from Page 1) Professor Smith as a " welcome change," but Garvin
    emphasized that toe two think of each other in professional terms. Dr.
    Garvin expects the faculty reaction to be " very good - it certainly was in
    the English de partment. Most of us like the fer ment of having a blach
    professor in toe department." He also does not believe that the new
    professor is any type of token. " Neither the English depart ment nor
    Professor Smith would have considered the appointment if there had been a
    question about it." " There should be no great em phasis on his blackness,"
    comment ed Garvin. Such emphasis would not be very sophisticayed nor ac
    curate." Shannon Dr. Douglas Sturm, chairman of toe religion department,
    comment ed on the appointment of David Shannon as associate professor of
    religion. " Professor Shannon will be a regular member of toe faculty, but
    he will also be a co-ordinator in toe investigation of the future for a
    black studies program here. At this point, however, there is still a
    question about a formal blach studies program. However, we do have a
    'definite man', and that man has the assignment to make plans." " I feel
    Shannon will fit right in with the faculty,"  Sturm went on to say. " Both
    professors are also expressions of a meaningful com mitment to have black
    professors on campus. When asked about whether more black students might be
    attracted to the campus now, Sturm replied, " In principle, yes, but in
    fact, the future is uncertain. Two blacks do not make a broad community.
    However, I do have genuine hopes for the formation of a black com munity at
    the University in the future."

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    A small fee is charged

Heading: Mortar Board
Content: The following junior women have been tapped for membership in Mortar Board, the
    national women's honorary: Linda Caputo, Karen Farnsworth, Jean Hinlicky,
    Mary Beth James, Trisha Kono, Karen Kovacs, Cindy Lude, Susan Preston, Donna
    Richards, Lynda Roscoe, Pat Slover, Kay Smith, and Martha Weitzel.

Heading: Demonstration
Content: (Continued from Page l) picket signs now proclaiming " Local 491 wants toe U.S.
    Out Now." Plus many middle aged and old folks, seeming a bit out of place.
    But they really weren't (or should n't be). This was not only toe New Left,
    but Middle America as well, out in the streets, protesting toe slaughter.
    The importance remains, of course, to be seen. Saturday did not mark the end
    of Spring Offen sive. In fact, starting yesterday, Jerry Rubin and the boys
    take over for two weeks' of activities includ ing confrontation tactics at
    the Justice Department, Internal Reve nue Service, and the Capitol. This
    could well change the com plexion of the Spring Offensive, in what direction
    no-one can tell. One thing is certain, though; as the de monstrations go on,
    so does the

Heading: Course Guide
Content: All counselors and R.A.'s are re quested to return their copies of the Bucknell
    Course Guide to the Office of the Dean, College of Arts & Sciences. The
    committee would also appreciate the return of all evaluation sheets from
    fraternities, dormatories, and academic depart ments. They should be mailed
    to P.O. Box B319. Thank you for your cooperation.

Heading: Sailing
Content: The Sailing Club will hold its Spring sailing pleasure trips to Eaglesmere Lake
    May 1-2, 8-9, and 15-16. Cost will be $3.0<<. Contact Frank King (1617) if
    interested in attending.

Heading: Colloquy
Content: There will be a meeting for all those interested in working on next year's
    Colloquy Weekend tomorrow at 4 p.m. in the C.A. Corner Room.

Heading: Coalbin
Content: Acts to be featured at the COAL- BIN this week include George Lane and Dan Marsh
    on Wednesday after- non from 4-5:30 p.m., Cecil, Wally, Jim. and Rich on
    Wednesday even ing from 7-8 p.m., and a full pro gram Thursday night from
    8-mid night, featuring Hal Black, Keith Anderson, Barb Reimensnyder, Mike
    Schmidt, Wally and his group, Gary Raynor, and more. . .

Heading: Raft-a-thon
Content: The Interfraternity Council Is sponsoring a " Raft-a-thon" this Saturday at
    10:00 a.m. across from the physical plant by the Susque hanna River. Eight
    rafts, each sponsored by a local business or fraternity, are participating
    in the event. For every mile the raft goes, the group has pledged to give
    $1.00. All proceeds will be donated to COR and Project Concern. Everyone is
    invited to attend toe event.

Heading: Kunstler
Content: William Kunstler, former defense lawyer for the Chicago Seven, has cancelled his
    speaking engagement here May 4. He has had to cancel all his speaking
    engagements be cause he is in the process of defend ing the Harlem 13. j - m
    ~ x k ~ x ~ x ~ x ~X " X~ x ** x ~ x -^*>>

Heading: Abortion
Content: 

Heading: Information
Content: Guidance for *  C E R T IF IE D G Y N E C O L O G IS T * *  C H O IC E  O F  T O
    P  P R IV A T E C L IN IC S  A N D  H O S P IT A L S * A P P O IN T M E N T
    S A V A IL A B L E W IT H IN  2 4  H O U R S .

Heading: (212) TR 7-8562
Content: 

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: Certified Abortion Information All Inquiries Confidential

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: pregnancies up to 12 weeks
Content: 

Heading: terminated from
Content: 

Heading: $175.00
Content: 

Heading: Medication, Lab Tests, Doc
Content: 

Heading: tors fees included. Hospital &
Content: 

Heading: Hospital affiliated clinics.
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 7-8803
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours - 7 days
Content: 

Heading: PHYSICIANS REFERRAL
Content: W e know  w e can help you, even if it's just to talk to som eone.

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 400 Market Street Lewisburg, Pa. Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind of
    liv in g ........... You can do your own kind

Heading: of
Content: dressing in fashions from

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: 0M COLUMBIA REC0RKS A >>TAPES
Content: MUSIC OF OUR TIME FROM THE MUSIC COMPANY

Heading: People stomp their feet,
Content: 

Heading: clap their hands and shout their
Content: 

Heading: heads off on Johnny Winter's
Content: 

Heading: new live album with an intensity
Content: 

Heading: you won't hear on other live
Content: 

Heading: albums.
Content: 

Heading: And with good reason:
Content: 

Heading: Johnny Winter And's perform
Content: 

Heading: ance on those nights was some
Content: 

Heading: of the rockin'est music ever
Content: 

Heading: played.
Content: 

Heading: About the greatest tribute
Content: 

Heading: a group can receive can be
Content: 

Heading: heard on this album.
Content: 

Heading: Except for maybe bringing
Content: 

Heading: their music into your home.
Content: *  "COLUMBIA,"(r) MARCAS REG PRINTED IN U S A

Heading: #fe
Content: AE k

Heading: Teamwork!
Content: 

Heading: Pep Talk Provides Inspiration
Content: 

Heading: As Laxmen Trounce Leopards
Content: 

Heading: Frosh Gridders Edge Varsity, 7-6
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL By outscoring Lafayette 10-1 in the second half, the Bison
    laxmen erased a halftime deficit and trounced the Leopards 11-3 Satur day.
    Instrumental in the Herd's turn about according to several of the players,
    was an inspired half-time pep talk by Coach Sid Jamieson. " If we come out
    on the short end of this game it's going to be a long bus ride home and a
    heckuva a week of practice."  Coach Jamieson remarked to the team. BU seemed
    to come alive in the second half as they scored five goals in each of the
    last two quart ers and outshot Lafayette 35-10 in that span. Freshman Kevin
    McCabe scored five of the team's first six goals and his five goal total for
    the game was one short of the club record. Coach Jamieson felt that indivi
    dual performances were not the whole story of the game, however. " All
    through the year our over all team play has been strong. An indication of
    this is the number of assisted goals in every game."  he noted. Eight of the
    eleven Bison goals in Saturday's game were assisted. On the season about
    seven out of every eight goals have been assisted. The job done by the
    younger players also warranted Jamieson's praise. He cited in particular,
    soph omore Gary Germond, freshman Kevin McCabe, and sophomore Jim Tonges,
    for their fine play. The laxmen now have two home contests coming up,
    Wednesday against Dickinson and Saturday versus Washington College. The
    Dickinson game shouldn't be too tough, but Washington College is perennially
    one of the better la crosse schools in the country. This will be a difficult
    league game. By ERIC RIESS In spite of the fact that Dave Boyer practiced
    football for less time this Spring than any member of either the blue or
    white squads, he turned out to be the busiest man on the field, and both the
    hero and the goat in the annual encounter Friday night. The White squad,
    made up pri marily of freshmen, won the event, edging the veterans 7-6
    before a sparse crowd at Memorial Stadium. Boyer was the punter and place
    kicker for both teams and the fact that he punted a combined total of 18
    times and attempted two PAT's perhaps tells the story of the con test better
    than any other statistic. Boyer has spent most of the Spring with the track
    team, prac ticing in the field events, concen trating on the javelin. Friday
    night he averaged 39.4 yards per kick in his 18 attempts, after only practic
    ing Thursday with the rest of the football team. Of his attempts, ten were
    for the winning white team quarterbacked by freshman Carl Probst, and Will
    Pike. The two freshmen were un able to generate much of an of fense gaining
    a total of only 80

Heading: Diamondmen Fall Twice to Delaware
Content: yards in total offense. Pike completed the only aerial for the White. That pass
    was a bit on the unusual side as Pike called a center eligible play. With
    all but four members of the team lined up on the far left of center, Bruce
    Sobus snapped the ball and found himself standing all alone on his pass
    pattern. The White score came on a 71-yd. drive led by Probst. Helped by
    three penalties, one of which was a pass interference call on the Blue 7
    yard line, Probst directed the of fense to the one before taking the ball
    over himself on a fourth down play. Boyer kicked what proved to be the
    deciding point, drilling the ball through the uprights soccer style like he
    had done for the freshmen last year. For Boyer it was his second place kick
    of the game, the first being a 50 yard field goal attempt in the first
    period. On that play the holder had trouble placing the ball down and Boyer
    was forced to run with the blocked attempt, a fact which could influence
    Boyer's performance in track this season. According to Boyer, " When I was
    tackled on the play I went down head first and then someone' fell on my leg
    and bent it into a backwards 'L.' I heard something By KEN DOAK The Bison
    nine dropped a double- header to Delaware at home Satur day by identical 3-1
    scores, giving them an overall 3-10 mark. The Herd had no problem getting
    men on base, but stranded 24 run-

Heading: M erm en Place
Content: 

Heading: Golfers Split in
Content: by MARK KNODERER The Gettysburg Bullets come to Lewis burg tomorrow afternoon,
    and Coach Arthur Gulden's legions will seek to improve upon their record of
    3-3. Looking ahead to the Gettysburg meet, Gulden notes the Bullets are
    strong where the Bisons are weak, namely in the sprints. He feels, however,
    that his team has the overall depth to come out the Victor. In the Penn
    Relays he feels the team did an acceptable job for be ing in their first big
    meet. The cin- dermen have not participated in a meet of such magnitude for
    ten years. The mile relay team of Paul Hermle, John Lamer, Glenn Mc
    Laughlin, and Rick Francel placed eighth with a time of 3:25.5. Fran cel
    particularly sparkled as he anchored the relay in 49:8. ners. They now have
    an amazing 94 men left on base in their 10 losses. In the opener, the Blue
    Hens pushed across 2 unearned runs in the second inning, as a BU error kept
    them alive and a bloop hit over second base brought in a pair.

Heading: in Penn Relays;
Content: 

Heading: Rutgers Tri-meet
Content: The three field men found the go ing just as rough. Bob Smith leaped 445' 8"  in
    the triple jump and plac ed seventh. Doug Nauman threw the javelin 205'
    33/4"  and placed eighth. This weekend the linksmen split at Rutgers as they
    defeated Col gate, 400-407, while losing to the home team, 378 to 400.
    Sophomore Greg Mordas was the low Bucknell man at Rutgers with a 78. The
    Bisons entertain Rider and Lafayette on Friday afternoon.

Heading: LAIDES
Content: 

Heading: SCOOTER SKIRTS
Content: 

Heading: Sizes 6 to 18
Content: D U T r m

Heading: from $2.98 to $5.98
Content: They got their final run in the top of the seventh when a successful bunt, a
    walk, and a single made the score 3-0. BU then made things exciting with a
    last-gasp rally. Gene Luc- carelli singled and Marty Stenzel belted out a
    long double to bring home the run. John Rudolph then lofted a wind blown fly
    to left-center that dropped as the Delaware outfielders col lided, and the
    Bisons ended up with runners on second and third. However, Chris Riley hit a
    fly ball to left and Dave Hill grounded out to third to end it. In the
    second game, the victors bunched two singles, a walk, and a long double by
    Mark Cacciatore to take a 2-0 lead in the second. BU finally scored in the
    sixth when Dave Greenwood walked, ad vanced on an error, and rode home on
    Bill Lane's RBI single. The Hens made the final score 3-1 as they added an
    unearned run in the final frame. The Bisons load ed the bases in their half,
    but could not get a key hit. crack and it's been sore ever week's foes,
    since." After the most exciting play of the game, a 51 yard sprint by Greg
    Wright off left tackle, Burke moved the ball the remaining 15 yards into the
    White endzone with two passes in the next 5 plays. The score came

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS O N
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: C A N  ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSW ERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: 

Heading: GET A PIZZA THE ACTION
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: PIZZAS, HOAGIES, SANDWICHES, SOFT DRINKS
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY'S --  523-9251
Content: 

Heading: All Deliveries C.O.D. to individual rooms
Content: 

Heading: Sunday thru Thursday
Content: 

Heading: --------
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 to Midnight
Content: M!<M!**!**t**!**!**!**2>

Heading: SILC0 STORE
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: .

Heading: M e n 's
Content: 

Heading: Knit
Content: 

Heading: SLACKS
Content: 

Heading: IN SOLID COLORS
Content: 

Heading: $11.98
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: APRIL 27, 1971

Heading: C LA SS O F 71 PRESENTS
Content: 

Heading: ifi
Content: 

Heading: ?a m
Content: 

Heading: Ipiillip
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Grand Prize 1970 International Science Fiction
Content: 

Heading: Film Festival
Content: 

Heading: T H U R S D A Y
Content: 

Heading: VAUGHAN LIT. AUD.
Content: 

Heading: 7 & 9 pan.
Content: 

Heading: 75c
Content: on a two yard pass to Ed Mc- Divett. The Blue team had a total of 207 yards in
    total offense. Burke and Kmetz were more successful through the air,
    connecting on 13 of 26 passes, with Kmetz connecting on 7 of 12 attempts.
    Commenting on his performance Boyer added, " I'll probably do a lot of work
    over the summer. I don't have my timing down and I have to practice getting
    my punts away quicker. That's probably the attitude of most of the team:
    judging from the performances Friday night, when August rolls around they'll
    have a lot to do to get ready for the Citadel who will invade Memorial
    Stadium, September 18.

Heading: Tennis
Content: Previously unbeaten Rutgers dropped a 6-3 decision to the Herd on Friday. Number
    one, two, and three singles players Steve Baird, A1 Anderson, and Jim
    Lackritz re main undefeated. Baird and Anderson, and Lack ritz and Keith
    Kimball have un blemished marks at number one and two doubles, respectively.
    The winning streak stands at 22 wife Syracuse at home on Friday and Colgate
    at home on Saturday, this

Heading: Becker Motor Co. - VW
Content: 

Heading: RTS- 11 & 15-- SELINSGROVE
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 743-1514
Content: 

Heading: SALES
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE --  PARTS
Content: 

Heading: COMPLETE TOWING
Content: 

Heading: & BODY SHOP WORK
Content: 

Heading: A professional
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T I O N
Content: 

Heading: that is safe, legal &
Content: 

Heading: inexpensive
Content: 

Heading: can be set up on an
Content: 

Heading: outpatient basis by calling
Content: 

Heading: The Problem Pregnancy
Content: 

Heading: Referral Service
Content: 

Heading: 215-722-5360
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours-- 7 days
Content: 

Heading: for professional, confidential
Content: 

Heading: and caring help
Content: 

Heading: <;
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER in EUROPE for $199.00
Content: 

Heading: 9  JUNE 5 --  AUGUST 2 6 ________________LONDON $199.
Content: 

Heading: SS  JULY 9 --  AUGUST 2 3
Content: 

Heading: _______________
Content: 

Heading: LONDON $219
Content: 

Heading: SS
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: 

Heading: CALL SALLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477
Content: 

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: X  (Open only to Bucknell Students and Educational Staff--

Heading: X
Content: Price Based on 60 Seats) ------

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?--
Content: #xatam po st o n b u l l e t in b o a r d

Heading: Wed.-Thurs.-Fri.-Sat.-Sun.-Mon.-Tues:
Content: 

Heading: APRIL 28-29-30, M AY 1 -2-3-4
Content: COLUMBIA PICTURES AMD RASTAR PRODUCTIONS PRESENT

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: RAY STARK* HERBERT ROSS
Content: 

Heading: Production
Content: 

Heading: Baita Streisand
Content: 

Heading: George Segal
Content: Panaviaion*

Heading: Color
Content: 

Heading: SHOW TIMES 7:00--9:6
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME
Content: 

Heading: LXXni
Content: 

Heading: -- NO.
Content: 

Heading: 46
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. APRIL 30. 1971
Content: 

Heading: 'Che BuckneIlian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: D. C. Police Release Love,
Content: 

Heading: Four Students after Sit-in
Content: By DEAN LANDEW Four University students and one former University student have
    been released on bail of $25 by the Wash ington, D.C. police department. Two
    freshmen, Hoabie Swan and Gary Norton, had been released Wed nesday, while
    Eric Leroy, Pete Doscher, and Tom Love were all released yesterday after
    bail money had been raised on campus.

Heading: Gardiner
Content: 

Heading: 'Vision of Christ'
Content: Thomas Beaversdorf, composer of music for 'A Vision of Christ,' is re hearsing
    with Mrs. Georgiana Kresel. The premier performance will be tomorrow at 8:00
    p.m. in Davis Gym. (For detailed Parent's Weekend schedule see page 4.)

Heading: Committee Begins Study
Content: 

Heading: Of Counselor Selection
Content: Senior William Gardiner was re cently cited for contempt of court during
    proceedings of the Grand Jury investigation into the alleged kidnapping
    plot, and conspiracy to bomb the Capitol, now taking place in Harrisburg.
    Gardiner, who received a John Doe subpoena, refused to testify, was then
    granted transactional im munity by the prosecution, but still refused to
    testify. This action brought about the contempt citation, and he must now
    return to Harris burg on May 10, for a hearing. jail in the city. Swan and
    Norton came up with bail money of $25 each after being arraigned and were
    released. Swan pleaded not guilty and faces a trial appearance in the next
    few weeks. He returned to the University yesterday. Doscher, LeRoy and Love
    were transferred to the Washington city jail early Wednesday evening. Senior
    Rick Beardsley, Doscher's roommate, received a call about 2 a.m. Thursday
    from LeRoy, who said that had been transferred, that they needed bail money
    and that Love was resisting " in every way possible." He also said that they
    would be on a hunger strike until their re lease. (According to Swan,
    however, the five had not been given anything to eat anyway in the twelve
    hours or so when they were jailed initial ly.) Beardsley, seniors Dave Logan
    and Bob Raymond, sophomore John Ramsey and Karl Patten, Assistant Professor
    of English, set out to collect bail money for the three yesterday morning.
    They collected over $250, much of which will be given to others in jail in
    need of bail money. Senior Joyce Frederick and a graduate student, Horace
    Sessions, drove down to Washington yester day afternoon with the bail money.
    The three were released after also pleading not guilty.

Heading: ABS Vows Immunity
Content: 

Heading: Of Students, Teacher
Content: At the ABS meeting on Wednes day, April 21, 1971, ABS president Bob Nachshin
    announced the for mation of a committee to first, in vestigate the recent "
    selection"  of J.C.'s and R.A.'s, and secondly, study " student perception"
    of the Office of Student Affairs. * The members of the committee are
    chairman Peter Holmes, Chuck Mussman, Beth Wright, Richard Levine, (all
    juniors) and sophomore Ellen Carter. No freshmen or seniors are presently
    serving on the committee. Chuck Mussman, when he ex plained earlier that the
    objective of the new committee would be two fold, said that the first part
    will " attempt to determine the ration ale behind the manner in which junior
    counselors and resident as sistants are chosen,"  and further more why they
    even exist. " Because of a dark cloud over recent

Heading: J.C.
Content: and

Heading: R.A.
Content: appoint ments,"  ABS president said later, " this committee has been appointed
    to remove this cloud."  The com mittee will investigate the " selec tion
    process and criteria"  used in appointments. Secondly, the committee will at
    tempt to " determine student per ception of Student Aaffair's per sonnel,"
    according to Mussman, a member of the committee. Inter- ( Continued on Page
    4) They had been arrested and jailed Wednesday morning on a disorderly
    conduct charge along with 200 others who were all protesting the Vietnam War
    by sitting in front of Selective Service headquarters. The sit-in had begun
    Tuesday night and the arrests were made the next morning after the demon
    strators had formed what Swan called " a human carpet." They were all taken
    to the Third Precint A resolution to " . . .assert the special and
    privileged character of the student-teacher relationship" was passed by a
    12-2 vote by the Association for Bucknell Students at their meeting
    Wednesday night. The resolution is in reference to the subpoena of Dr.
    Richard Drin- non, professor of history, and Boyd Douglas, an inmate of
    Lewisburg Penitentiary and former part-time student at the University, in
    rela tion to the Harrisburg Six case. The resolution, drawn up by Phil-

Heading: Urges Recognition of 'Fair Share in America'
Content: 

Heading: Noted Black Lectures on Identity
Content: By GINA SMITH How can a white radical aid black progress? " Go home and work on
    mom and dad,"  answered C. Eric Lincoln, noted black author, scholar, and
    speaker, in a lecture Tuesday night. The talk, " New Blacks in Search of a
    Self,"  focused on white re pression of a black identity and

Heading: To Revise Document
Content: 

Heading: Senate Conference Committee lamed
Content: % By RICHARD HUMPHREY Five students and five faculty members have been named as
    members of the University Senate Conference Committee. The committee has
    been formed for the purpose of amending the cur rent University Senate
    document for ratification by students and fac ulty. The faculty
    representatives, ap pointed by the chairman of the fac ulty, are: George
    Folkers, associ ate professor of German; Charles Jones, professor of
    education; Owen Anderson, associate professor of physics; William Snyder,
    assistant professor of chemical engineering; and James Turnure, professor of
    /<<art. Student representatives, appoint ed by Bob Nachshin and Russ Pais,
    include: Lou Bucceri, ABS repre- sentative-at-lar$e; Jack Schmidt, editor-
    in-chief of The BuckneUian; Jack Hart, president of the class of 1972; Russ
    Pais, vice-president of ABS; and Bob Nachshin, president of ABS. Bob
    Nachshin,

Heading: ABS
Content: president, stated, "I hope the committee as a whole will be responsive to a
    strong University Senate with a great share of responsibility granted to the
    students." When asked about the student representatives' altitudes toward
    this responsibility, Lou Bucceri said, ''We intend to work closely as we can
    with the faculty and main tain the integrity of the document." Russ Pais
    commented, " I just hope that the ten of us can prepare a document that will
    serve the (Continued on Page 4) urged recognition of blacks' " fair share in
    America."  Lincoln appear ed at the University in conjunction with this
    year's third Afro-Ameri can symposium. Lincoln further explained, " The real
    problem in America today is the institutions with a racist idea- logy, such
    as the school, the church, and the art gallery, as well as people with a
    racist ideology, name ly parents of young white liberals." He stated that he
    distrusts any coalition of the New Left and blacks. " White radicals are
    sons and daughters of the establishment. While not impugning their serious
    ness, one can't deny the attractive ness of their patrimony. In the past,
    so-called radicals went home to be 'right' like their parents; blacks cannot
    discount this possibility among the New Left." He criticized the inability
    of white America to see the racial crisis as anything but the " colored
    situa tion." " Black people are not 'the prob- lem;' they have problems,"
    he re marked. He further characterized the black today as " a statistical
    quantity with out social validation"  and condem- ( Continued on Page 4) ip
    Withim, assistant professor of English, and Douglas Stum, pro fessor of
    religion, states feat, " While we recognize that the Gov ernment. . .has a
    legal right to sup- poena students and teachers, we also assert. . .the
    right of teachers and students to engage in social and political inquiry is
    protected by the law of the land. " We would point out that the stu dent-
    teacher relationship bears a strong similarity to the relation ship existing
    between a priest and a parishoner, a psychiatrist and his patient. . . " All
    of these relationships depend upon trust and confidence. . .If the student
    believes that the doubts and concerns he has brought to his teacher can be
    disclosed through coercion, then the student will not bring them. . . " It
    is therefore essential that the student feel that his right. . .to freedom
    from inquiry, to freedom to criticie his society and govern- (Continued on
    Page 4)

Heading: Williams' Metaphor of Memory
Content: 

Heading: Conveyed by Sentimental Mood
Content: By GREG PROWANT Last night marked the opening of Cap and Dagger's production of
    Tennessee Williams' Glass Menag erie. The play is the memory of its poet-
    narrator Tom Wingfield, a character who closely resembles the young
    Williams. Williams has used the metaphor of memory to create an atmosphere
    that seems to reach for the deeper meanings in reality, rather than exact
    representations. In the play we see a view of pre-World II

Heading: Mayday Events Include Rock Festival,
Content: 

Heading: Presentation of Three Point Ultimatum
Content: By JACK SCHMIDT The Mayday Collective, coordi nators of the Washington Mayday
    nonviolent civil-disobedience offen sive planned for May 1-5, announced
    yesterday that they had secured camping permits to use West Poto mac Park
    during this weekend's rock festival. The permits alleviate the expected
    problems had the government de manded the clearing of the park during the
    night. An ultimatum has also been issued to government officials which
    includes three demands which must be met before May 1. If they are not, the
    massive, nonviolent dis ruptions will go ahead as planned. The demands ask
    Congress (1) to plan for the immediate withdrawal of all U.S. troops from
    Vietnam in accordance with the People's Peace Treaty, (2) to provide for a
    guaran teed minimum annual income, based on the scale of $6500 for a family
    of four, and massive man power training and job creation pro grams, and (3)
    to free all political prisoners. If the demands are not met, key
    intersections throughout Washing ton will be blocked, and in con junction
    with the People's Coalition, an attempt will be made to stop Pentagon and
    Justice Departments from functioning. On May 5, all attention will be
    centered on a massive, nonviolent encirclement of Congress. The Col lective
    says, " We believe that the Congress can stop the war if it wants. We hope
    to make it impos sible for it to function unless the (Continued on Page 4)
    America that rings true: crowded tenements; the local delicatessen and night
    spots; the intense fatigue created by life in a world of mo notonous streets
    and meaningless jobs that are just beyond the stage setting. Such a life Tom
    Wingfield yearns to escape, as his father had done sixteen years before. His
    desertion would leave his mother Amanda, a nagging, aging belle of the old
    South, and his crippled sister Laura to their own meager resources. Laura is
    the single factor restraining him: shy and fragile like her treasured
    collection of glass animals, she evokes in Tom's reflections a persistent
    mood of great tenderness, gentle, yet sad. The appearance of a ''gentleman
    caller"  brings only transitory hope and confidence for Laura in her
    secluded, fragile world of glass. Director Stuart White has tried to convey
    in his production a senti mental, almost melodramatic mood. This mood is set
    by the music, taken from the original Broadway production, and enhanced by
    the maintenance of a slow, consistent tempo. The almost too poignantly vivid
    characterizations are counter ed by a sense of " picture frame" distance
    from Tom's memory. This distance is maintained through all aspects of the
    pro- ( Continued on Page 5) ffm m V)

Heading: IH yn
Content: 

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: ..
Content: 

Heading: ...................................................................
Content: >>

Heading: .......
Content: >>

Heading: ....
Content: -- >> >> >> #

Heading: SfuJenf
Content: 

Heading: Affairs and Counselors
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: otters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: Over the course of the past few
Content: 

Heading: years the campus has undergone some
Content: 

Heading: changes. Students are beginning to as
Content: 

Heading: sert more and more influence in the
Content: 

Heading: planning and control of their own educa
Content: 

Heading: tional and social programs. However,
Content: 

Heading: since the rules and policies of the Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity still restrict the freedom of stu
Content: 

Heading: dents, many times we find that students
Content: 

Heading: must play an increasing role in the feed
Content: 

Heading: back process.
Content: 

Heading: Underlying every set of policies
Content: 

Heading: there must be certain organizational
Content: 

Heading: goals which direct the planning function.
Content: 

Heading: The University has never adequately de
Content: 

Heading: fined its purpose other than in vague
Content: 

Heading: generalities. Until recently, most de
Content: 

Heading: cision makers thought that certain in
Content: 

Heading: formal objectives were sufficient to
Content: 

Heading: guide our progress. As a policy was
Content: 

Heading: needed, the appropriate governing body
Content: 

Heading: made a decision which, at the time,
Content: 

Heading: agreed with these informal goals. Since
Content: 

Heading: these vary from individual to individual,
Content: 

Heading: what has now evolved is an ambiguous,
Content: 

Heading: nebulous organizational structure.
Content: 

Heading: The issue of counselor selection
Content: 

Heading: highlights many of these problems. The
Content: 

Heading: newly created Office of University Resi
Content: 

Heading: dence Halls has sought to change the
Content: 

Heading: roles of student resident assistants,
Content: 

Heading: while the Office of Freshman Residence
Content: 

Heading: Programs has tried to differentiate and
Content: 

Heading: upgrade the role junior counselors as
Content: 

Heading: sume. Neither effort has achieved sig
Content: 

Heading: nificant improvements in performance.
Content: 

Heading: There also seems to be a lack of effec
Content: 

Heading: tive coordination between the two of
Content: 

Heading: fices.
Content: 

Heading: Many students feel that the ad
Content: 

Heading: ministration is not in touch with student
Content: 

Heading: beliefs and attitudes. The J.C.'s and
Content: 

Heading: R.A.'s are supposed to act as the link
Content: 

Heading: between the students and the adminis
Content: 

Heading: tration, but somewhere the communica
Content: 

Heading: tion lines have become blocked. There is
Content: 

Heading: distrust among students and counselors
Content: 

Heading: directed at the administration. This is
Content: 

Heading: complicated by the fact that the counsel
Content: 

Heading: ors and R.A.'s themselves are not suffici
Content: 

Heading: ently informed about the duties which
Content: 

Heading: they are expected to perform. As a conse
Content: 

Heading: quence of this, others tend to misjudge
Content: 

Heading: the purpose behind University^ employ
Content: 

Heading: ment of students in these positions, and
Content: 

Heading: many see the job only as a baby-sitting
Content: 

Heading: duty or a means of the enforcement of
Content: 

Heading: regulations.
Content: 

Heading: If the resident assistant is going to
Content: 

Heading: be an effective link between the students
Content: 

Heading: and the administration, students must
Content: 

Heading: have faith and confidence in him. Yet it
Content: 

Heading: is alleged that when one counselor sought
Content: 

Heading: information concerning the best way of
Content: 

Heading: helping students on her floor who were
Content: 

Heading: having problems with drugs, she was
Content: 

Heading: strongly requested to reveal the names
Content: 

Heading: of these individuals. Instead of (treating
Content: 

Heading: the matter confidentially, the adminis
Content: 

Heading: trator supposedly summoned the stu
Content: 

Heading: dents to Marts Hall for questioning.
Content: 

Heading: What kind \of trust will the students in
Content: 

Heading: this hall group have for their counselor
Content: 

Heading: now? What kind of trust does the
Content: 

Heading: counselor have for the administration
Content: 

Heading: after the way in which this affair was
Content: 

Heading: handled ?
Content: 

Heading: Students also wonder why freshmen
Content: 

Heading: shold be segregated from the rest of
Content: 

Heading: the college community. Clearly this ar
Content: 

Heading: rangement
Content: 

Heading: gives
Content: 

Heading: the
Content: 

Heading: administration
Content: 

Heading: much more control over the kinds of in
Content: 

Heading: fluences upperclassmen have on fresh
Content: 

Heading: men. Most freshmen are in close contact
Content: 

Heading: with
Content: 

Heading: only
Content: 

Heading: one upperclassman, their
Content: 

Heading: Junior Counselor, for the first few
Content: 

Heading: months at school. Since the student af
Content: 

Heading: fairs personnel determine which upper
Content: 

Heading: classmen are selected as counselors, they
Content: 

Heading: are easily able to choose a type of stu
Content: 

Heading: dent who will conform to whatever image
Content: 

Heading: they wish to project on the incoming
Content: 

Heading: class.
Content: 

Heading: The students affairs personnel must
Content: 

Heading: have impetus to effect change. As a
Content: 

Heading: first step in the feedback process, the
Content: 

Heading: President of the A.B.S., has appointed
Content: 

Heading: a special committee to investigate the
Content: 

Heading: rationale underlying the present concepts
Content: 

Heading: of student assistance held by the admin
Content: 

Heading: istration. Furthermore the methods em
Content: 

Heading: ployed in the selection of students to fill
Content: 

Heading: these positions will be examined. We
Content: 

Heading: feel that this step is long overdue.
Content: 

Heading: Handled
Content: 

Heading: properly,
Content: 

Heading: this
Content: 

Heading: investigation
Content: 

Heading: could directly influence the present views
Content: 

Heading: held by the Student Affairs Staff.
Content: 

Heading: This committee will also help to
Content: 

Heading: clarify the views students hold concern
Content: 

Heading: ing counselors, residence assistants, and
Content: 

Heading: the manners in which they are selected.
Content: 

Heading: It may stimulate other student feedback
Content: 

Heading: efforts designed to improve the planning
Content: 

Heading: and execution of policy related to stu
Content: 

Heading: dent life. Without this type of control or
Content: 

Heading: information the administrative policies
Content: 

Heading: cannot be effectively geared towards the
Content: 

Heading: improvement of student life.
Content: mm

Heading: Consideration
Content: To the Editor: As some of you might have heard by now, there was a massive Peace
    March in Washington on Saturday, April 24. Attempts were made to arrange
    transportation for all those who wished to attend this demon stration. Signs
    went up, leaflets distracting well its only fair that they help lower the
    curve (academic that is) for their distractors. there is nothing wrong with
    being happy and alive. sam would be the first to whistle at a fair bikini-ed
    lass (hoping somewhere in that body is a brain that finals passes) except
    for quite a few of you to whom this mouse must say keep america beautiful!
    diet, kid, today, true the sun is nice for bathing ancients worshipped it as
    god. now with spring and warmth upon us this ancient and honored cult finds
    much collegiate support, dozens of bikini-ed bodies abandon all pretense at
    study, (they may not be tense right now but wait until exams) lather winter-
    whitened bodies, and proclaim apollo as their god. now there is nothing
    wrong with bathing in the sun's full golden rays, and if the guys find them
    went out, tables were set up in the Freshman cafeteria, notes were published
    in The Bucknellian, and announcements were made on WB-

Heading: VU.
Content: What you may ask, were the re sults of all this planning and work? First, the
    response was virtually non-existent until Thursday, April 22. We had asked
    for immediate response in all of our announce ments and yet by Monday, April
    19, the day we had to confirm the bus reservations, only ten people had
    signed up. . . This fact is bad enough in itself, but furthermore, the
    aggravation and frustration appeared in full force on Thursday night, April
    22. Many people called up asking what time the busses were leaving. . . As
    it was, we managed to scrounge for rides, and most of the people who wanted
    to go got there by car or by thumb. It would obviously have been much easier
    if the people who wanted to go by bus the day before the march had called us
    in time to order more busses. There is one last thing we would like to
    mention. About three hours after the signs were put up, most of them had
    been ripped down. This only demonstrates to us a lack of understanding, and
    possibly a fear af the consequences of such a march. If the person (or
    persons) who engaged in this suppression of free thought and lawful dissent,
    is man enough to speak to us about his action, we would be more than willing
    to discuss anything he wishes. Peace, Mike Baron, Box W139 Larry Giant, Box
    W-189

Heading: =THE JAUNDICED EYE=
Content: 

Heading: Tramp, Tramp Tramp
Content: -By KENNETH DOWST; (Note: The following is to be chanted as a responsive
    reading, preferably in the key of E-flat.) Uniforms and songs have a way of
    associating with each other -- per haps the singing of the latter helps to
    remove from one's mind the op pression of the former. In preparation for
    Summer Camp, Rotcees have been issued a booklet full of pleasant lyrics, to
    be sung or chanted while marching, shooting, or otherwise acting all grown
    up: " I want to be an Airborne Ranger. I want to jump from big-assed planes.
    I want to be an Airborne Ranger. I got shit for brains." Somewhat more
    sophisticated are the songs of a different batalhon: " We travel together as
    through time we go, Afraid of our future, yet sure we will know- To make of
    our lives the most that we may, And work while we can with those of our
    class today. * 'Dear Cadet * " ROTC Summer Camp is an exciting and rewarding
    experience. Any one who is physically qualified and does his best may be
    confident of pass ing Summer Camp. . . . " . . . The second suggestion is
    that you learn the cadence or Jodie calls in this pamphlet. Learn them well
    so that in your first day or two (Continued on Page 3) PS0 7 1  SflWVEfi
    PWSS I.A.CALARWC-HJSRESERVED

Heading: R.COBB
Content: 

Heading: je ISuckneUian
Content: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY Established 1897.
    Published twice weekly during the coUege year. Member of Associated
    Collegiate Press. Annual subscription, 87 00, payable 1" oi dv" ^ Entered as
    second class matter on September 21, 1922, at the post office it  Lewi8urg,
    Pa. under the act of March 3<< 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT --  Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON --  Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON --  Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: : GUEST COLUMN1
Content: 

Heading: Governments
Content: 

Heading: Autonomy
Content: To the Editor: Every time one picks up The Bucknellian, the page is mottled with
    stories concerning the rights of individuals within the dormitory. There
    have been questionnaires, policy statements from dorm coun cils, ABS
    motions, and rationales ad nauseum. We, however, fail to perceive a problem,
    and furthermore,we sub mit that there is no problem. It is common knowledge
    that there are many individuals, perhaps a majority, who have been living
    their lives independently of Uni versity regulations. For example, men and
    women have been sleeping together in University residences at will. Be that
    as it may, why all the furor over dormitory regulations when in reality
    Bucknell men and women regulate themselves? Since this has been the state of
    affairs, and, since it undoubtedly will continue to be (at least on our
    hall), we felt it incumbent upon ourselves to acknowledge reality, and,
    hence, our only recourse is to declare openly that our floor is autonomous.
    From the Desk of Paul Osher

Heading: Baseball
Content: -By LOU BUCCERI. mARLF-S MUSS MAN Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Photography Editor

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: SCOTT GEBHARDT
Content: National Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features

Heading: TOM NOVINGKR
Content: News Assistant

Heading: JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: DAVE STEIN
Content: Local Adv. Manager Office: Fochi Printing Co., 22t Market Street, 523-4221
    Consultant: Brad Tuf is. 524-1221

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: APRIL 30, 1971
Content: The status of student government at Bucknell has always been tenuous at best.
    The majority of students on campus are rarely sure who h a s& e power to do
    what, nor why they have that power. In the past the Uni versity's
    institutional structures seemed to rely on obscure traditions and ancient
    policy decisions as their guide. Strangely enough, a movement to change this
    situation began three years ago. Its goal was to CTeate an effective,
    responsive student government which would act on behalf of the whole student
    body. The result was the Association of Bucknell Stu dents. Any
    institutional change is difficult, but the ABS sometimes seems to have more
    than its share of problems. This has largely been due to a lack of unity on
    the part of tjie student body. The building of student influence in
    Universiity affairs requires the support of a unified student population.
    Without unity, it will be impossible for us to gain any degree of control
    over the institutions that currently regulate our lives. Student apathy is,
    of course, one source of the problem. It can only be ended as a result of a
    continuing effort to deal with the issues whuch are central to student life.
    The ABS has shown its dedication in this area (Continued on Page 3) To the
    Editor: Maybe the baseball coach, Tom my Thompson, should stop and. think
    about changing his policy governing team tryouts each year. Upon returning
    to school at the beginning of February for the start of second semester, I
    called Coach Thompson to find out when base ball tryouts were going to be
    held. At that time he informed me that tryouts were by invitation only, with
    invitations going to those stu dents who had played ball in the past, either
    on the Freshman or Varsity teams. Such a policy seems both uncompetitive and
    unwise. There may be several students at this school who have quite a talent
    for playing baseball, but because of one reason or another are not able to
    go out for the team until, their junior or senior year. It is' not only
    unfair that such students do not have a chance to tryout, but equally,
    irrational since real talent that might be used to the team's advantage may
    be going unnoticed. Therefore, I ask that Coach Thompson consider altering
    his present policy to insure a thorough and competitive baseball tryout
    period involving all students at the school who are so interested.
    (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: The Jaundiced Eye
Content: By KENNETH DOWST

Heading: Letters.
Content: (Continued from Page 2) you will be able to call cadence when your platoon is
    marching or running. " Good Luck, " The members of the Pennsylvania Company,
    Association of the United States Army." " Dear Senior: " Moving Up Day, for
    many years, has been a favorite tradition of Bucknell women, especially
    Senior w om en.. . .  We hope that you will make a special effort to attend
    because your participation will add to the mean ing and vitality of your
    Moving Up Day, and in addition will help us to decide the future of the
    tradition. " Below are copies of your two songs, as well as instructions for
    as sembling. There will be no song practices, so please learn the songs be
    forehand. " (Signed,) Moving Up Day Committee." " The first (suggestion) is
    that you report to camp with six sets of your own fatigues, heavily starched
    and with the U.S. Army and name tags sewn on." " ATTIRE: White dress." If I
    had the wings of an eagle, Our friendships made will ev-er lasting be- And
    the ass of a big buffalo, The love and pain we've known shall e're remind us
    of thee; I'd fly to the top of a mountain, To thee we sing, our Al-ma Ma-ter
    true; And shit on the cadre below; In years to come we will share our mem-o-
    ries of you. R,0,T,C, it sounds like some bullshit to me, to me. R,0,T;C, it
    sounds like some bullshit to me. Dissention within the ranks: Two Sophomores
    are wearing bold flower print skirts, instead of the regulation dark blue or
    black. INQUIRING REPORTER: " Is this a symbolic protest?" DISSENTER: " We're
    protesting the idea that everyone in the class has to wear the same dark
    outfit. A lot of girls just don't have a dark skirt. . . . We're trying to
    say that it's not what you wear that's important; the important thing is
    just to be here. . . . Please don't mention my name." INQUIRING REPORTER: "
    Exactly why do you have Moving Up Day?" SOLDIER: " Uh. . . it's for the
    seniors, I guess. So they can say good bye to each other. And so you can
    foster some unity among the women at Bucknell." I.R.: " How come only a few
    dozen seniors showed up? What is the purpose of fostering unity among
    Bucknell women?" SOLDIER: " Well, I guess more would have come if they had
    waited until now to announce who the new J.C.'s and R.A.'s are. Last year
    the chapel was full. Everybody was crying - it was much better." I.R.: " Why
    does each class dress alike?" SOLDIER: " You have to - - so you can tell us
    apart. And otherwise some underclassmen would try to go up into the balcony
    with the seniors." I.R.: " Is there any significance to the fact that the
    seniors are wear ing white- Is it symbolic of something?" SOLDIER: "No, it's
    just that we're supposed to wear white. We all wear white - so you can tell
    we're all seniors. I.R.: " Why are we in Vietnam?" SOLDIER: " What??
    (Giggle) Don't ask me - I'm  just a girl." (Continued from Page 2) Surely,
    the team's present record of 2 wins and 10 losses might sug gest that such a
    change could be in order. Tim Martin, '72

Heading: Apathetics
Content: To the Editor: (In reply to D. Flanagan's letter.) I am always amazed at how
    well some college students read. As regards Mr. Flanagan, I can only
    recommend that a refresher course be taken. If he goes back and re reads my
    article he will find that nowhere in it do I call those who voted against
    the treaty apathetic; however the fact that Mr. Flana gan read this into my
    column in dicates some kind of guilt complex on his part. In my article I
    simply listed the three kinds of people I had witnes sed -- the apathetics
    being one of them. More specifically I never even addressed myself to this
    group, (they aren't worth the effort), and rather, referred only to the "
    anti war, anti-governmental-politicians," and the " America the Beautiful"
    groups. You Mr. Flanagan I place in the latter group, and no doubt you like
    being put there. You say you read the treaty -- I would ask you this: did
    you read the referendum ques tion on the ballot? I sincerely doubt it. I can
    only hope (from one Mas- sachusettsite to another) that over the next three
    years of your Buck nell existence you come to realize that if the people of
    this land don't start to make our government listen to those people, our "
    of, by, and for the people" constitution can be thrown in the garbage.
    Quixotically, Robert Wendel

Heading: Guest Column
Content: By LOU BUCCERI (Continued from Page 2) in its fight for the Senate, for open
    dorms and in any number of other areas. But apathy is not the only bar to
    effective student government. In reality the old forms of government (which
    the ABS should have dis placed) still exists and their existence constitutes
    a major problem. Formerly, the Men's Coordinating Council, the Associated
    Women Students, and the four class governments were the basis of a major
    part of stulent representation on campus. These groups, along with the old
    Student-Faculty Congress, shared much of the financial and political power
    now held by the ABS. In addition the AWS served as the enforce ment section
    for the University's " In Loco Parentis"  policy towards women. Since that
    time, the creation of the ABS has forced a limitation of the power of these
    other groups. The MCC had the good sense to disband rather than perpetuate
    itself for the sake of ancient tradition. Unfortunate ly, less sense can be
    attributed to the AWS and the classes. Both these groups continue to fight
    for their existence, despite the fact that the classes have become little
    more than social programming groups and that the AWS has finally abandoned
    its role as keeper of the 'Sem Gems.' Not only do they continue to function,
    but they continue to demand a sizeable share of student funds as well.
    Currently (according to University Policy) the AWS receives a dollar for
    every woman student per year or approximately $1,024. In the past much of
    this was left in the bank unused. A sizeable balance currently exists. The
    four classes receive a total of 5,550 a year or two dollars per class
    member. Of this class fund one dollar per student can be spent and one
    dollar is put into a memorial fund so that 10 years from now each class will
    have some money to buy the University a gift. It should be noted that this
    year the ABS was forced to curtail or even terminate the functioning of
    several student organizations because of lack of funds. Yet the classes and
    AWS continue to accept student funds from the Uni versity. The situation
    cannot continue to exist as it is. The obvious course is for the AWS and the
    classes to either disband (which would be a small loss) or allow their
    budgets to be determined by the ABS just as every other student organization
    budget is determined. By continuing in their current state the AWS and
    classes are an unjust and unwarranted burden on the student body.

Heading: ..........
Content: 

Heading: ft
Content: 

Heading: Corsages -- Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Stein's Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: 

Heading: Course Guide
Content: All counselors and R.A.'s are re quested to return their copies of the Bucknell
    Course Guide to the Office of the Dean, College of Arts & Sciences. The
    committee wonld also appreciate the return of all evaluation sheets from
    fraternities, dormatories, and academic depart ments. They should be mailed
    to P.O. Box B319. Thank yon for your "Cut out and save this ad:"

Heading: Don't
Content: 

Heading: CallYour
Content: 

Heading: Travel
Content: 

Heading: Agent!
Content: When you want the most charters available for Summer 1971, Call 212-697-3054 As
    a student at this college, YOU may be eligible for our low, low cost fares.
    Flights from New York to all major European Cities. Weekly departures.
    Flights under the auspices of World Student Government Organization. Send
    coupon... call, write or visit. W.S.G.O. please send: # Travel bulletins P
    Application (or International Student I.D. Name ------- ------
    ------------------------ C/a Address- City ____ State __ SchooL -Z ip -

Heading: Charter & Group
Content: 

Heading: Travel Specialists
Content: 

Heading: 60 East 42nd Street
Content: 

Heading: New York 10017
Content: 

Heading: Call (212) 097-3054
Content: ____

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Comments?
Content: The BUCKNELLIAN is interested in receiving comments from all members of the
    community con cerning any topics of concern. Ad dress letters and columns to
    Edi torials Editor, BUCKNELLIAN.

Heading: A professional
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T I O N
Content: 

Heading: that is safe, legal &
Content: 

Heading: inexpensive
Content: 

Heading: can be set up on an
Content: 

Heading: outpatient basis by calling
Content: 

Heading: The Problem Pregnancy
Content: 

Heading: Referral Service
Content: 

Heading: 215
Content: -

Heading: 722-5360
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours-- 7 days
Content: 

Heading: for professional, confidential
Content: 

Heading: and caring help
Content: 

Heading: WATER BEDS
Content: 

Heading: Buy Direct From The
Content: 

Heading: Factory.
Content: 

Heading: Highest Quality
Content: 

Heading: Beds of 20 Mil Union
Content: 

Heading: Carbide, Vinyl, Round
Content: 

Heading: Corners, Di-Electrically
Content: 

Heading: Sealed. 5 year Guarantee
Content: 

Heading: Money Back If Not Satisfied
Content: 

Heading: Send Me Free Brochure #
Content: 

Heading: KING (6 ft. X  7 ft.)
Content: 

Heading: DOUBLE (46 in X  7 ft.)
Content: 

Heading: 56 Arbor Street
Content: 

Heading: 39.95
Content: 

Heading: noah's
Content: 

Heading: waterbed to.
Content: 

Heading: Hartford, Conn.
Content: 

Heading: 06106
Content: 

Heading: 1 (203) 523-8360
Content: 

Heading: n am e
Content: 

Heading: _________________________
Content: 

Heading: address
Content: 

Heading: ______________________
Content: 

Heading: city ----------------------------------------
Content: 

Heading: phone
Content: 

Heading: ________________________
Content: 

Heading: icapRRRep
Content: 

Heading: it t id ie e
Content: 

Heading: in the
Content: 

Heading: Heart o f the
Content: 

Heading: Finger Lakes
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: at
Content: 

Heading: ITHACA?
Content: 

Heading: COLLEGE
Content: 

Heading: Graduate
Content: 

Heading: and
Content: 

Heading: Undergraduate
Content: 

Heading: Programs
Content: 

Heading: For more information about the new
Content: 

Heading: campus, summer programs and recre
Content: 

Heading: ation activities at Ithaca College . . .
Content: 

Heading: W R ITE: Director, Summer Sessions,
Content: 

Heading: Ithaca College, Ithaca, N.Y. 14850.
Content: 

Heading: SESSIONS:
Content: 

Heading: June 7th
Content: 

Heading: June 28th
Content: 

Heading: July 12th
Content: 

Heading: Social Science
Content: 

Heading: Fine Arts
Content: 

Heading: Radio-TV
Content: 

Heading: Drama
Content: 

Heading: Natural Science
Content: 

Heading: Music
Content: 

Heading: Athletics
Content: 

Heading: Film
Content: 

Heading: Humanities
Content: 

Heading: Exhibits
Content: 

Heading: Theatre
Content: 

Heading: Cinematography
Content: 

Heading: Health
Content: 

Heading: Recreation
Content: 

Heading: Work Shops
Content: 

Heading: Communications Arts
Content: 

Heading: ALSO
Content: 

Heading: Summer
Content: 

Heading: Repertory
Content: 

Heading: Theatre
Content: 

Heading: Summer Recreation at its Finest>>
Content: APRIL 30, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: m.
Content: 

Heading: Black Lecture
Content: 

Heading: (Continued from Page 1)
Content: 

Heading: share of America."
Content: 

Heading: med their ''arbitrary exclusion from
Content: 

Heading: Lincoln personally favors "im-
Content: 

Heading: the American mainstream and cul-
Content: 

Heading: mediate, cataclysmic change," but
Content: 

Heading: tural heritage."
Content: 

Heading: not the needless expenditures of
Content: 

Heading: ''The terms 'nigger,' 'Negro,' and
Content: 

Heading: violence. He rejects inappropriate
Content: 

Heading: 'darky' were formulated by whites
Content: 

Heading: "venting of frustration."
Content: 

Heading: to distinguish black from white.
Content: 

Heading: He also suggested, "America may
Content: 

Heading: That 'Negro' has been equated with
Content: 

Heading: well purge herself by making re
Content: 

Heading: slavery explains why each black
Content: 

Heading: parations to blacks. After doing
Content: 

Heading: may have a deficient sense of self,"
Content: 

Heading: this, some people might sleep better
Content: 

Heading: he noted.
Content: 

Heading: at night." He added, "It's far more
Content: 

Heading: Advances in communication and
Content: 

Heading: important that goods be redistri-
Content: 

Heading: ease of physical mobility have help-
Content: 

Heading: buted than how they're distributed."
Content: 

Heading: ed extend black culture to com
Content: 

Heading: placent blacks, said Lincoln. He
Content: l i l t ' d

Heading: pointed out a resulting "rapidly
Content: 

Heading: U U l l i l o C M / f  S
Content: 

Heading: spreading resistance and sense of
Content: 

Heading: (Continued from Page ,,
Content: 

Heading: alienation
Content: 

Heading: among many formerly
Content: 

Heading: ........................
Content: 

Heading: . . . .
Content: 

Heading: "moderate" blacks.
Content: 

Heading: views will be held with administra-
Content: 

Heading: "The older generation of black
Content: 

Heading: tors as well as present and future
Content: 

Heading: moderates had waited for advance-
Content: 

Heading: resident hall staffs. Students select-
Content: 

Heading: ment with patience and respect,
Content: 

Heading: ed at random will also be ques-
Content: 

Heading: Suddenly, now, they're caught be-
Content: 

Heading: tioned concerning their
Content: 

Heading: percep-
Content: 

Heading: tween the intransigence of white
Content: 

Heading: tion
Content: 

Heading: of the Office of Student Af-
Content: 

Heading: liberals and the impatience of black
Content: 

Heading: fairs.
Content: 

Heading: radicals," he declared.
Content: 

Heading: John Dunlop, Dean of Student Af-
Content: 

Heading: This situation may be resolved,
Content: 

Heading: fairs, who played little part in in-
Content: 

Heading: according to Lincoln, as the black
Content: 

Heading: itiating the committee, felt that if
Content: 

Heading: discovers "pride in being black
Content: 

Heading: the selection process for resident
Content: 

Heading: and accepting himself."
Content: 

Heading: hall
Content: 

Heading: staffs
Content: 

Heading: could
Content: 

Heading: be
Content: 

Heading: improved
Content: 

Heading: "The rules of the game must be
Content: 

Heading: through this study, "it would be
Content: 

Heading: changed,"
Content: 

Heading: he
Content: 

Heading: asserted.
Content: 

Heading: ''Blacks
Content: 

Heading: great." Dunlop said since that near
Content: 

Heading: want social, economic, and politi-
Content: 

Heading: ly over 200 people applied for only
Content: 

Heading: cal identity. Blacks want responsi-
Content: 

Heading: about 75 possible positions, it made
Content: 

Heading: bility,
Content: 

Heading: but not without freedom
Content: 

Heading: it quite difficult during the selec-
Content: 

Heading: from racial tyranny. Blacks aren't
Content: 

Heading: tion process. He raised the point of
Content: 

Heading: enemies of America; they're mere-
Content: 

Heading: disagreement over the "validity of
Content: 

Heading: ly determined to have their fair
Content: 

Heading: process and procedure."
Content: 

Heading: What you should know about diamonds
Content: 

Heading: when you know it's for keeps
Content: You've dreamed about your diamond engagement ring a thou sand times. But now
    that you know it's for keeps, it's time to stop dreaming and start learning
    about diamonds and their value. Because no two diamonds are exactly alike,
    jewelers have adopted exacting standards to de termine the relative value of
    each and every diamond in the world. These standards include a dia mond's
    size (carat weight), color, cut and clarity. COLOR: Fine white diamonds are
    quite rare and valued accordingly. Other shades in relative order of their
    worth are: blue, yellow, brown and black. CUT: The cut of a diamond--the
    facets placed on it by a trained cutter--brings out the gem's fire and
    brilliance. Anything less than correct cut reduces beauty, bril liance and
    value. CLARITY: Determined by the ab sence of small impurities. A per fect
    diamond has no impurities when examined under ten power magnification by a
    trained eye. CARAT: A diamond's size is measured in carats. As a diamond
    increases in size, its price will increase even more if the quality remains
    constant. But larger dia monds of inferior quality may ac tually be worth
    less than smaller, perfect diamonds. Although it's important to know the
    facts about diamonds, you certainly don't have to be an expert to choose a
    Keepsake Dia mond Ring . . . because Keepsake guarantees a diamond of fine
    white color, correct cut and perfect clar ity or replacement assured. The fa
    mous Keepsake certificate provides permanent registration, trade-in value
    and protection against loss of diamonds from the setting. Your Keepsake
    Jeweler has a complete selection of new styles. He's in the Yellow Pages
    under "Jewelers." Or, dial free day or night long distance 800-243-6000. In
    Connecticut, call 800-942-0655.

Heading: TCeepsake*
Content: R E G I S T E R E D  D I A M O N D  R I N G S

Heading: HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING j
Content: 

Heading: Send new 20 pg. booklet, "Planning Your Engagement and Wedding" j
Content: 

Heading: plus full color folder and 44 pg. Bride's Book gift offer all for only 25#. |
Content: 

Heading: S-71 i
Content: Stale _______________ _ _______ _ _____________________________ _____________p
    ------------------------ - j

Heading: KEEPSAKE, BOX 90, SYRACUSE, NEW YORK 13201 |
Content: lings from $100 to $10,000 Trade Mark Reg. A. H. Pond Co.

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: Happenings of Note
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: Crii
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: III
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: tic 1
Content: 

Heading: Lai
Content: 

Heading: Condi
Content: 

Heading: beisi
Content: 

Heading: imns 'Yoi
Content: 

Heading: t 'Comme
Content: 

Heading: ir Own Thm
Content: 

Heading: irciaT and 'F
Content: 

Heading: * Glass Menagerie *
Content: 

Heading: Bounce
Content: 

Heading: Sigma Alpha Mu and Pi Beta Phi
Content: 

Heading: are once again sponsoring "Bounce
Content: 

Heading: for Beats," today and tomorrow, in
Content: 

Heading: front of the Library and the Bison.
Content: 

Heading: This year will feature 33 continuous
Content: 

Heading: hours of basketball bouncing. Con
Content: 

Heading: tributions will go to the Heart Fund.
Content: 

Heading: Claims
Content: 

Heading: All students who are no longer
Content: 

Heading: living in Kress Hall but have be
Content: 

Heading: longings in the attic storage room
Content: 

Heading: should claim them by May 7th.
Content: 

Heading: Anything not claimed by this date
Content: 

Heading: will be discarded. Custodians will
Content: 

Heading: be available to open the attic from
Content: 

Heading: 9:00 a.m. to 12 noon and from 1:00
Content: 

Heading: p.m. until 4:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: ICE
Content: 

Heading: ICE, a fiction film concerning
Content: 

Heading: urban guerrilla warfare in the U.S.,
Content: 

Heading: will be shown this Sunday in Vaug
Content: 

Heading: han Lit. auditorium at 8:30 p.m. No
Content: 

Heading: admission charge.
Content: 

Heading: Israel
Content: 

Heading: "There will be an information
Content: 

Heading: session for anyone interested in the
Content: 

Heading: Jan Plan to Israel, on Monday, at
Content: 

Heading: 7:30 p.m. in 102A Coleman Hall. If
Content: 

Heading: interested but unable to attend,
Content: 

Heading: contact Tom Risch, Dean of Men."
Content: 

Heading: Colloquy
Content: 

Heading: There will be an organizational
Content: 

Heading: meeting for next fall's Resident
Content: 

Heading: Colloquy at 4 p.m. in the C.A.
Content: 

Heading: comer room, next Wednesday. If
Content: 

Heading: you are interested, please come;
Content: 

Heading: we need your ideas and your Kelp.
Content: 

Heading: If you cannot make the meeting,
Content: 

Heading: call Bill Wood at 1793.
Content: 

Heading: Parents' Weekend
Content: 

Heading: 1:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 3:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 3:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 8:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 8:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: All Day
Content: 

Heading: AU Day
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 a.m.
Content: 

Heading: 11:00 a.m.
Content: 

Heading: Friday, AprU 30
Content: 

Heading: Golf vs. Rider College and Lafayette CoUege BU Course
Content: 

Heading: Registration of Parents Begins Davis Gym Lobby
Content: 

Heading: Tennis vs. Syracuse University Seventh Street Course
Content: 

Heading: Cap and Dagger Play: "The Glass Menagerie" Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity Theatre
Content: 

Heading: Hilltop Theatre: "Gertrud" Vaughan Lit. auditorium
Content: 

Heading: Exhibits in Bertrand Library
Content: 

Heading: Golf Tournament for Parents University Course
Content: 

Heading: ((Advanced registrations required)
Content: 

Heading: Saturday, May 1
Content: 

Heading: 9 a.m. to 12 noon Demonstration, Open Houses and Exhibits in
Content: 

Heading: various departments of the University
Content: 

Heading: 9:30 a.m. to 12 noon Conducted tours of the University Center
Content: 

Heading: 10 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. Coffee on the Academic Quadrangle (In case
Content: 

Heading: of rain, Coleman Hall Lobby)
Content: 

Heading: "Bucknell In The 70's: Fears and Hopes" Panel Dis
Content: 

Heading: cussion with President Charles H. Watts as Moderator
Content: 

Heading: University Theatre
Content: 

Heading: Tennis vs. Colgate University Seventh Street Court
Content: 

Heading: 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Luncheon, All University Cafeterias Open
Content: 

Heading: to Parents and Guests
Content: 

Heading: 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. Open House at "Cedar Lane," the residence of
Content: 

Heading: Judge and Mrs. Charles W. Kalp, with a talk on "Family
Content: 

Heading: History of BuckneU" at 3 p.m. Buffalo Road (3 miles
Content: 

Heading: from campus)
Content: 

Heading: "The 1971 January Program" Discussion by the Director
Content: 

Heading: and Presentations by Students Vaughan Lit. auditorium
Content: 

Heading: Lacrosse vs. Washington College East Field, Davis Gym
Content: 

Heading: Cap and Dagger Play, "The Glass Menagerie" Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity Theatre
Content: 

Heading: 3:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. President's Reception for Students, Parents
Content: 

Heading: and Faculty President's Garden (In case of rain, Hunt
Content: 

Heading: Hall Living Room)
Content: 

Heading: Premier Performance of the Pageant "Vision of Christ,"
Content: 

Heading: Produced in Celebration of Bucknell's 125th Anniversary
Content: 

Heading: Davis Gym
Content: 

Heading: Cap and Dagger Play, "The Glass Menagerie" Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity Theatre
Content: 

Heading: Exhibits in Bertrand Library
Content: 

Heading: Golf Tournament for Parents University Course
Content: 

Heading: (Advance registrations required)
Content: 

Heading: Sunday, May 2
Content: 

Heading: 9:00 a.m.
Content: 

Heading: Catholic Mass Rooke Chapel
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 a.m. University Chapel Services Rooke Chapel
Content: 

Heading: All Day
Content: 

Heading: Exhibits in Bertrand Library
Content: 

Heading: 1:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 2:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 2:45 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 8:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 8:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: AU
Content: 

Heading: All
Content: 

Heading: Day
Content: 

Heading: Day
Content: 

Heading: REED'S
Content: 

Heading: Summer Storage
Content: 

Heading: STUDENTS--Leave
Content: 

Heading: your
Content: 

Heading: Winter Gar
Content: 

Heading: ments with REED's for Summer Box
Content: 

Heading: Storage.
Content: Full insured, freshly cleaned and pressed at Regular Cleaning Prices-

Heading: 103 SOUTH SIXTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: 523-1282
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: Aquarian Sleeper
Content: 

Heading: WATER BEDS
Content: 5 YEAR GUARANTEE

Heading: KING SIZE --  84"x72"
Content: 

Heading: ---------------
Content: 

Heading: $39.50
Content: 5 OTHER SIZES AVAILABLE

Heading: IMMEDIATE DELIVERY AT BUCKNELL
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 400 Market Street Lewisburg, Pa. Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind of
    liv in g ............ You can do your own kind of dressing in fashions from

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: Committee
Content: 

Heading: The deadline for applying for the
Content: 

Heading: Traffic Committee has been extend
Content: 

Heading: ed to May 5. Interest sheets may
Content: 

Heading: be picked up in the Dean of Student
Content: 

Heading: Affairs Office.
Content: 

Heading: Immunity
Content: 

Heading: (Continued from Page 1)
Content: 

Heading: ment. . .be fully protected by due
Content: 

Heading: process of law from casual and in
Content: 

Heading: discriminate coerced disclosure, and
Content: 

Heading: that such disclosure should be re
Content: 

Heading: quired only upon a show of cause
Content: 

Heading: and with reference to a clear and
Content: 

Heading: specific violation of law."
Content: 

Heading: ABS requests that the Board of
Content: 

Heading: Trustees affirm the resolution. A
Content: 

Heading: copy will also be sent to President
Content: 

Heading: Richard Nixon and the Attorney
Content: 

Heading: General.
Content: 

Heading: Lou
Content: 

Heading: Bucceri,
Content: 

Heading: member-at-large,
Content: 

Heading: presented a motion that ABS sup
Content: 

Heading: port the May 5 anti-war activities,
Content: 

Heading: which was passed by a 15-1 vote.
Content: 

Heading: Classes will be held as usual, but
Content: 

Heading: a memorial service will be held at
Content: 

Heading: 1:00 p.m. next Wednesday on the
Content: 

Heading: Quad.
Content: 

Heading: Mildred
Content: 

Heading: Martin,
Content: 

Heading: professor
Content: 

Heading: of
Content: 

Heading: English, presented the motion call
Content: 

Heading: ing for the establishment of a Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity Committee on International
Content: 

Heading: Education, which was passed by
Content: 

Heading: ABS, and which will be presented
Content: 

Heading: at the May faculty meeting.
Content: 

Heading: The ABS Report on University
Content: 

Heading: Counseling Services was presented
Content: 

Heading: by Neil Hendershot, member-at-
Content: 

Heading: large. The report states that the
Content: 

Heading: service is professionaly adequate,
Content: 

Heading: but there is not enough time to
Content: 

Heading: serve all students, and that another
Content: 

Heading: qualified person is needed.
Content: 

Heading: David Wilder, head of the Coun
Content: 

Heading: seling Service, was present at the
Content: 

Heading: meeting to support the ABS recom
Content: 

Heading: mendation that a sub-committee be
Content: 

Heading: established to concern itself with
Content: 

Heading: the University health and counseling
Content: 

Heading: services.
Content: 

Heading: May Day
Content: 

Heading: (Continued from Page 1)
Content: 

Heading: war comes to an immediate end."
Content: 

Heading: Plans have been finalized on
Content: 

Heading: campus for a memorial service to
Content: 

Heading: be held the afternoon of the 5th. The
Content: 

Heading: service will commerate the deaths
Content: 

Heading: of students at Kent and Jackson
Content: 

Heading: State last year.
Content: 

Heading: Many groups have been secured
Content: 

Heading: for the rock festival. Among them
Content: 

Heading: are: May
Content: 1

Heading: --Arlo Guthrie, James
Content: 

Heading: Brown, Richie Havens, the Jesus
Content: 

Heading: Christ Superstar Company, Peter,
Content: 

Heading: Paul, and Mary, Pacific Gas &
Content: 

Heading: Electric, Tim Hardin; May 2--John
Content: 

Heading: ny Winter, Pete Seeger, MC-5, Mitch
Content: 

Heading: Ryder. Other possibilities include
Content: 

Heading: Niel Young, Mountain, Joni Mitch
Content: 

Heading: ell, Aretha Franklin, and Buffy St.
Content: 

Heading: Marie.
Content: 

Heading: Conference
Content: 

Heading: (Continued from Page 1)
Content: 

Heading: needs of the community today and
Content: 

Heading: in the future."
Content: 

Heading: Faculty members of the com
Content: 

Heading: mittee were either unavailable for
Content: 

Heading: comment or unwilling to commit
Content: 

Heading: themselves to any statement con
Content: 

Heading: cerning the Conference Committee
Content: 

Heading: at this time.
Content: 

Heading: In response to the question, "What
Content: 

Heading: do you feel your responsibility is to
Content: 

Heading: the University community as a
Content: 

Heading: representative of the Conference
Content: 

Heading: Committee?", Snyder responded: "I
Content: 

Heading: think Til hold off. I'd like to do
Content: 

Heading: some thinking and survey the area.
Content: 

Heading: I've just been appointed."
Content: 

Heading: Dr. Folker's comment was: "I'd
Content: 

Heading: prefer not to comment until I think
Content: 

Heading: a little more about it. I was asked
Content: 

Heading: to be on the committee and I ac
Content: 

Heading: cepted."
Content: 

Heading: Abortion
Content: 

Heading: Information
Content: Guidance for *  CERTIFIED GYNECOLOGIST* *  CH OICE O F TO F PRIVATE C LIN IC S
    AND H OSPITALS *  APPOINTM ENTS AVAILABLE W ITH IN  2 4  HOURS. (212) TR
    7-8562

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: Certified Abortion Information All Inquiries Confidential

Heading: %
Content: 

Heading: ||*
Content: 

Heading: By HOWARD ASHMAN
Content: 

Heading: Hippies are big business. The
Content: 

Heading: Disney studios recently re-issued
Content: 

Heading: Fantasia on the premise that Walt
Content: 

Heading: Disney was "on their side" in the
Content: 

Heading: early nineteen forties. Considering
Content: 

Heading: the stoned "oh wows" and glowing
Content: 

Heading: student reviews those pirouetting
Content: 

Heading: mushrooms received, it is not sur
Content: 

Heading: prising that the Bucknell audience
Content: 

Heading: took Your Own Thing to its 1957
Content: 

Heading: heart.
Content: 

Heading: Your Own Thing is an extended
Content: 

Heading: Pepsi commercial. It is more of
Content: 

Heading: television
Content: 

Heading: (especially
Content: 

Heading: its
Content: 

Heading: slick,
Content: 

Heading: youth-oriented commercials) than
Content: 

Heading: of theatre. Remember how Pepsi
Content: 

Heading: was recommended "for those who
Content: 

Heading: think young," and later to the
Content: 

Heading: "Pepsi Generation?"
Content: 

Heading: Remember
Content: 

Heading: the billboards urging us to "Come
Content: 

Heading: Alive?" Well, Your Own Thing
Content: 

Heading: speaks in that idiom.
Content: 

Heading: It is commercial from the top of
Content: 

Heading: its Beatle haircut to the tip of its
Content: 

Heading: vinyl-booted toe. Now, there's noth
Content: 

Heading: ing wrong with being commercial.
Content: 

Heading: Hello Dolly is commercial and bril
Content: 

Heading: liant. Cabaret is commercial and
Content: 

Heading: devastating. But Your Own Thing
Content: 

Heading: is a phony.
Content: 

Heading: It purports to be a rock-musical,
Content: 

Heading: hut its music is neither rock nor
Content: 

Heading: musical comedy. It is the kind of
Content: 

Heading: !music that sells Ban-Roll-On.
Content: 

Heading: It purports to be a picture of
Content: 

Heading: "'youth on the go," but it is merely
Content: 

Heading: Madison Avenue's version of hippies
Content: 

Heading: #circa 1967. Treated with the right
Content: 

Heading: tone it coaid poke fun at all that.
Content: 

Heading: The production that came to Davis
Content: 

Heading: Gym on April 24th did not.
Content: 

Heading: While the show was professionally
Content: 

Heading: mounted, (indeed, one of the slick
Content: 

Heading: est "bus and truck" companies I've
Content: 

Heading: ever seen) one felt the cast was
Content: 

Heading: aware that it was performing drivel
Content: 

Heading: and was exerting enormous energy
Content: 

Heading: to compensate. That energy was
Content: 

Heading: misdirected. Songs came out with
Content: 

Heading: the hip over-emotionalism of Jim
Content: 

Heading: Nabors singing "Let It Be."
Content: 

Heading: Since Oklahoma, the American
Content: 

Heading: musical has been built on the in
Content: 

Heading: tegration of action and song. In
Content: 

Heading: Your Own Thing songs have only
Content: 

Heading: the loosest connection with the plot.
Content: 

Heading: They reiterate rather than illumin
Content: 

Heading: ate. Again, this could be used to
Content: 

Heading: good effect. Brecht knew how to
Content: 

Heading: stop the action and comment on it
Content: 

Heading: in seemingly irrelevant song. But
Content: 

Heading: attitude is all important. The au
Content: 

Heading: dience must be in on the joke.
Content: 

Heading: The audience at Davis Gym was
Content: 

Heading: screens during the curtain call.)
Content: 

Heading: It's too bad, because rarely are
Content: 

Heading: college touring companies of this
Content: 

Heading: kind graced with such fine voices.
Content: 

Heading: But what good are fine voices, ade
Content: 

Heading: quate dancing, and passable de
Content: 

Heading: livery when a show is a fraud.
Content: 

Heading: Who can enjoy them when they
Content: 

Heading: are used to take advantage of a
Content: 

Heading: naive audience?
Content: 

Heading: Your Own Thing (which owes its
Content: 

Heading: The cast of 'Your Own Thing,' a rock-musical based on William Shake
Content: 

Heading: speare's 'Twelfth Night,' gathers on stage for the show's finale, last
Content: 

Heading: Saturday night in Davis Gym.
Content: 

Heading: (photo by Doug Abdelnour)
Content: 

Heading: most definitely not in on this par
Content: 

Heading: ticular hoax. They cheered, stomp
Content: 

Heading: ed, and shouted "right-on" at lines
Content: 

Heading: like, "You can't tell the boys from
Content: 

Heading: the girls." Perhaps this was an
Content: 

Heading: audience conditioned by television
Content: 

Heading: to respond to this kind of watered-
Content: 

Heading: down "relevance."
Content: 

Heading: But the topicality of Your Own
Content: 

Heading: Thing is strictly Mod Squad. From
Content: 

Heading: the audience's reaction, one would
Content: 

Heading: have thought the show was Abbie
Content: 

Heading: Hoffman with a straw hat and cane.
Content: 

Heading: As no printed programs were dis
Content: 

Heading: tributed,
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: cannot comment on
Content: 

Heading: members of the cast by name.
Content: 

Heading: (Television again: the cast's names
Content: 

Heading: were flashed like T.V. credits on
Content: 

Heading: plot to Twelfth Night, and the less
Content: 

Heading: said about it, the better) closed off-
Content: 

Heading: Broadway two years ago. Its first-
Content: 

Heading: string national companies have shut
Content: 

Heading: down after some financial failure,
Content: 

Heading: and only this slick and sadly wasted
Content: 

Heading: company is left. It ought to stop
Content: 

Heading: too. Your Own Turkey is a lost
Content: 

Heading: cause. Let's not beat a dead bird.
Content: Furnished efficiency apartment for Rent- Suitable for married couple. Available
    June 1st. Call 523-3043 Evenings.

Heading: (Continued from Page 1)
Content: 

Heading: duction: Jim Lyon's set instills in
Content: 

Heading: us a constant reminder that we
Content: 

Heading: are watching something that is no
Content: 

Heading: longer existent; it is just an illusion,
Content: 

Heading: floating in black velour. With light
Content: 

Heading: ing, Rick Gardner has done an ex
Content: 

Heading: cellent job of creating that plastic,
Content: 

Heading: hazy mood of the world of mem
Content: 

Heading: ories. And as it is Tom's play,
Content: 

Heading: truths which are important to his
Content: 

Heading: rationalization are punctuated by
Content: 

Heading: shafts of light which are directed
Content: 

Heading: quite often to a picture of his father
Content: 

Heading: on the wall.
Content: 

Heading: As narrator and a character in
Content: 

Heading: his own story, Tom, played by
Content: 

Heading: Howard Ashman, is a very complex
Content: 

Heading: character. Narrating, he brings the
Content: 

Heading: audience comfortably into his story.
Content: 

Heading: There, his inner conflict between the
Content: 

Heading: desires to leave and his concern
Content: 

Heading: for Laura are portrayed with near
Content: 

Heading: brilliance.
Content: 

Heading: A difficult role to present without
Content: 

Heading: falling into stereotype is that of
Content: 

Heading: Amanda, who constantly relives past
Content: 

Heading: glories, unable to face present facts.
Content: 

Heading: Janet Cunningham, though new to
Content: 

Heading: the Bucknell stage, handles the role
Content: 

Heading: quite well: her projection, facial ex
Content: 

Heading: pressions, and even her gait as she
Content: 

Heading: walks across stage are all consis-
Content: 

Heading: tant with the confused vitality of
Content: 

Heading: Amanda.
Content: 

Heading: Several of the most important
Content: 

Heading: lines spoken by the timid Laura are
Content: 

Heading: said so faintly by Nancy Henry
Content: 

Heading: that they are barely audible. This,
Content: 

Heading: however, is all that is necessary,
Content: 

Heading: for she seems to have the audience
Content: 

Heading: sympathetically holding their breath
Content: 

Heading: in order to hear every line. She
Content: piliil

Heading: presents a character that we not
Content: 

Heading: only pity, but which seems to haunt
Content: 

Heading: us after the show is over.
Content: 

Heading: While
Content: 

Heading: originally
Content: 

Heading: described
Content: 

Heading: by
Content: 

Heading: Williams as an "ordinary young
Content: 

Heading: man," the gentleman caller in this
Content: 

Heading: production, played by Trevor Lewis,
Content: 

Heading: is refreshingly anything but ordin
Content: 

Heading: ary. With baggy pants, an egotistic
Content: 

Heading: nature,
Content: 

Heading: and
Content: 

Heading: overconfidence,
Content: 

Heading: he
Content: 

Heading: strikes the audience as downright
Content: 

Heading: comic; he is deflated by his in
Content: 

Heading: ability to equal Amanda's social
Content: 

Heading: graces and Laura's simple authen
Content: 

Heading: ticity.
Content: 

Heading: Amanda (Janet Cunningham) com
Content: 

Heading: forts her daughter Laura (Nancy
Content: 

Heading: Henry) in Tennessee William's "The
Content: 

Heading: Glass Menagerie." The play will be
Content: 

Heading: presented
Content: 

Heading: Friday
Content: 

Heading: and
Content: 

Heading: Saturday
Content: 

Heading: nights at 8:30 and Saturday after
Content: 

Heading: noon at 2:45. (photo by Steve Billig)
Content: iiiiiiiiniiiiii

Heading: us
Content: 

Heading: Position Open For Preschool Teacher
Content: 

Heading: Commencing September 1971 through
Content: 

Heading: May 1972. Hours 9 to 12 A.M., Mondays
Content: 

Heading: through Fridays. Maximum 15 Children
Content: 

Heading: with #full-time assistant provided.
Content: 

Heading: Please Contact DONNA PINTER, --  524-9387
Content: HUMUS

Heading: on Columbia Records
Content: 

Heading: Tom Rush
Content: 

Heading: Wrong End of the Rainbow
Content: 

Heading: including
Content: 

Heading: JAZZMAN-WRONG END OF THE RAINBOW
Content: 

Heading: SWEET BABY JAMES -  GNOSTIC SERENADE
Content: 

Heading: He's recording without any lime pressures,
Content: 

Heading: in more leisurely surroundings.
Content: 

Heading: The new album reflects his inner peace.
Content: 

Heading: Includes four original compositions.
Content: 

Heading: Live in Concert Thursday, May 6th
Content: 

Heading: with LIVINGSTON TAYLOR
Content: 

Heading: DAVIS GYM
Content: 

Heading: 8:30 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: ADMISSION $4.00
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: APRIL 30, 1971
Content: ig t e ^ g j

Heading: L
Content: m EIEEEEEtEEEEtEIEEEEEEEKEEEtEE ####i

Heading: NEWS OF PARENTS WEEKEND EARLY
Content: 

Heading: Growing Problems
Content: 

Heading: Environmental Concern Has Relevance
Content: 

Heading: For Central Susquehanna Valley Region
Content: (tm) _ pimp "  H p bp- various ways. The commercial strip _____________ flip Hnn
    nf Interstate 80, which is now constantly expanding G

Heading: P..
Content: e be- along Route 15 north By KARL BLAKE The growing concern about the
    deteriorating quality of the Ameri can environment might seem to some to
    have little relevance to Lewisburg and the central Susque hanna Valley
    region. Although this area's problems are fewer than those of urban areas,
    it does have problems and some of them are going to get worse. Pollution The
    Susquehanna river and its tributaries are badly polluted with mine acid and
    with untreated and inadequately treated sewage. The Shamokin Creek, which
    joins the Susquehanna at Sunbury, is an example. None of the commities on
    the creek have sewage treatment plants, except for Sunbury itself, which has
    only primary treatment, so that the untreated effluent from 37 000 persons
    enters the 30-miie creek every day. A recent study re veals that over 400
    tons of mine acids, from both abandoned and operating mines, also enter the
    stream every day. Shamokin Creek is a somewhat extreme example. However,
    par-

Heading: P R E G N A N T ?
Content: 

Heading: NEED H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: tially treated sewage enters the river along its entire length, and the mines in
    the western part of the state continue to discharge great quantities of
    acids into it. Steps are being taken to solve these problems. The State
    Depart ment of Environmental Resources is requiring all communities to in
    stall secondary sewage treatment plants and eventually may require tertiary
    treatment. A $1.5 million plant to treat acid water from the mines before it
    enters the river is now being con structed by the State and paid for by the
    coal companies on Rauscn Creek in Schuylkill County, and similar plants are
    being planned for Shamokin Creek and other streams. Solid waste disposal has
    also beai a problem since most of the land fills in this area have been
    little better than dumps. This problem is soon to be remedied, however by a
    system of true sanitary landfills which has been planned for the area by the
    Susquehanna Economic Development Association. One problem which will not be
    soon solved is the effect which strip mining has had. Besides polluting
    streams it has defaced the country side and rendered the soil so acidic that
    it cannot support vegetation. Even this situation is in principle curable,
    but not much has been done about it. tion of Interstate 80, which is now the
    main artery of traffic between New York City and the West. Since Route 15 is
    the main corridor be tween Buffalo and Washington,

Heading: D.
Content: C., Lewisburg now has a quite stra tegic location. Another factor accounting for
    this anticipated growth is the increasing desire of businesses to migrate
    from troubled urban areas to the suburbs and rural areas. This trend is
    encouraged by numerous organizations, such as the Central Susquehanna Valley
    Chamber of Commerce and the in dustrial development associations of many
    communities and counties. P.P. & L. has also engaged in the effort to
    attract industry by pur chasing potential industrial sites and providing
    them with the neces sary services. Industry The influx of industry so far
    has greatly relieved the former un employment problem and has cre ated a
    stable, diversified industrial base. But with unemployment now largely
    confined to a few communi ties who have recently lost a major employer, a
    few people doubt that continued growth is desirable. Dr. Richard Nickelsen,
    Professor of Geology, for example, looks skep tically upon the "
    desirability of a constantly expanding GNP."  He be lieves that this area's
    growth will " benefit only those few landowners who sell their property to
    develop ers, while the rest of us see the quality Of life we now enjoy being
    destroyed by air, water, visual and noise pollution, and the elimination of
    open spaces." No amount of industrial develop ment, Dr. Nickelsen feels, can
    eliminate unemployment altogether, since more people than can be em ployed
    will always gravitate towards a developing area. He believes the main
    environ mental goal here should be " main taining the unique natural beauty
    of the region."  For this, "the only growth tolerable is planned growth,"
    but zero growth would be better. The prospects for this, he concedes, are
    extremely dim. One of the main points of Dr. Anderson's report is that the
    area s. anticipated growth is not even being well planned. The report shows
    that most people are happy with Lewisburg as it is but are un aware of the
    forces for change which are at work. The report con cludes: " Unless we
    begin to think about where we are going, few of us will be happy with
    Lewisburg in 1980." Lack of planning shows up in various ways. The
    commercial strip developments along Route 15 north of Lewisburg and in other
    places have created visual pollution and also an inefficient highway. Thus a
    new highway may eventually have to be constructed parallel to the present
    one in these areas. Residential strip development, such as that along Route
    45 be tween Lewisburg and Miffhnburg, creates the same problem, and also
    makes it more difficult for these homes to be supplied with electrical and
    sewer services. Another question raised in Dr. Anderson's report is how
    housing could be provided for a large popu lation increase. The soaring
    prices of single-family dwellings could make modular housing units and
    mobile homes the only possibility. Little thought has been given to the
    desirability of this solution. George Fasic, planning specialist for the
    Union-Snyder County Puan- ning Commission, believes that at tracting
    industry to the area has been overemphasized at the expense of other modes
    of solving area problems. Most people, including many elected officials and
    business men, remain unaware of the ques tions that must be asked, and may
    not become aware until a state of crisis has occurred.

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: FREE DELIVERY
Content: 

Heading: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri-Sat. - - - 9:00 - 1:00 p.m,
Content: 

Heading: Sunday
Content: 

Heading: ------
Content: 

Heading: 7:00
Content: 

Heading: - 11:30 p.m
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O PEN
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: 

Heading: Tue. - Thur. 11 am. * 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. - Sat. - 11 am. - 1:30 am.
Content: 

Heading: Sun. - Mon. - 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: New Problems While the sewage, mine acid and solid waste disposal problems are
    being dealt with, the area will soon be encountering new problems, due to an
    anticipated significance in in dustrial development and population growth. ,
    The recently published results of the Lewisburg housing survey con ducted
    last spring by Dr. John Anderson, Associate Professor of Economics, and his
    student fss15' tants, show that the majority of local businessmen expect the
    popu lation of the Lewisburg to double in the next ten years. Another gauge
    of the areas po tential for growth is the Pennsyl vania Power & Light Co. s
    an- | nounced intention to double its pre sent generating capacity in
    central Pennsylvania by 1975 to a total 6.600,000 kilowatts. Interstate 80
    Several factors account for this I situation. One is the recent comple-

Heading: STUDY SOUNDS
Content: 

Heading: IMPROVE GRADES
Content: 

Heading: 'Owl and the Pussycat' Succeeds
Content: 

Heading: As Co-stars Overcome Its Flaws
Content: ___ Mice Qfrpiqand'fl improve Grade* While DevoUng The same Amount Oi Time To
    Slu Y USE STUDY SOUNDS increase Your Concentration MWL Improve Your
    Comprehension. Study imp A t A Faster Hate. e l e c t r o n i c a l l y p r
    o d u c e d SO U N D S C A U SE  T H IS TO  H A PPE N Please Specify ___ 8
    Track Caselle, or LP Record Send Check or Money Order--$9.95 Ea Include 75c
    Handling and Postage Sound Concepts. Inc.--B ox 3852 CharlottesvUle, Va.
    22902 By DAN MARTIN The Owl and the Pussycat is a truly enjoyable film with
    many good points and many flaws. Let's start with the flaws. I sup pose an
    apparently noticable one would be the plot itself, a some what unfathomable
    tale of a bumbl ing intellectual (George Segal) and a New York prostitute
    (Barbra Streisand) who get together under unlikely circumstances and fall in
    love. Complicated by the constant conflict of " mind"  versus " body," the
    pair nevertheless learn to recon cile their differences, and come to an
    understanding after which they presumably live happily ever after. Given the
    above circumstances, I | don't think that anyone with an I ounce of taste
    would admit that I they independently constitute an I exciting movie.
    Luckily those cir cumstances, as in the plot of any

Heading: Becker Motor Co. - VW
Content: 

Heading: pregnancies up to 12 weeks
Content: 

Heading: terminated from
Content: 

Heading: $175.00
Content: 

Heading: Medication, Lab Tests, Doc
Content: 

Heading: tors fees included. Hospital 8z
Content: 

Heading: Hospital affiliated clinics.
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 7-8803
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours - 7 days
Content: 

Heading: PHYSICIANS REFERRAL
Content: 

Heading: We know we can help you. even
Content: 

Heading: if it's just to talk to someone.
Content: 

Heading: B R U N O ' S
Content: 

Heading: House of Fashion
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-0790
Content: 

Heading: RTS- 11 & 15-- SELINSGROVE
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 743-1514
Content: 

Heading: SALES
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE --  PARTS
Content: 

Heading: COMPLETE TOWING
Content: 

Heading: & BODY SHOP WORK
Content: film do not stand alone, relegating this' criticism to a comparatively minor
    place. A more valid objection, however, could be leveled at Buck Henry's
    screpnpjay-unquestionably funny, but most questionably realistic. IS* noring
    the few undeniably horrible sequences, such as the leering lechers in the
    pornographic movie- house where Segal goes to see Muss Streisand's film, or
    the closing scene in which Segal has Streisand playing go fetch, the
    dialogue is at times too quick and too manu factured. There are moments, in
    fact, when Miss Streisand's obscene witticisms are just too rapid fire for
    us to take sitting down U stayed to see the movie through twice to catch
    them all). Which brings us to another ques tion, one of more personal taste-
    whether or not Barbra comes off in this new role. Personally I think 1 she
    does, and does it in a manner that can only add complements to her fame as
    an established come dienne. Granted, she's gotten carl ried away lately with
    her roles in musical extravaganzas. But I stand

Heading: COLOR PRODUCTIONS
Content: 

Heading: PRESENT
Content: 

Heading: THREE
Content: 

Heading: DOG
Content: 

Heading: NIGHT
Content: 

Heading: abortion
Content: 8080009808800808888800

Heading: >>
Content: J

Heading: "sUM M ER
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: EU R O P E
Content: 

Heading: for
Content: 

Heading: $199.00
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: JUNE 5 -  AUGUST 2 6
Content: 

Heading: --------------------
Content: 

Heading: LONDON $199. |
Content: 

Heading: JULY 9 -  AUGUST 2 3
Content: 

Heading: ________
Content: 

Heading: -- -  LONDON $219 |
Content: 

Heading: CALL SA LL Y U PLAN D  (717) 524-1477
Content: 8

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: jj (Open only to BuckneU Students and Educational Staff--

Heading: 8
Content: P rice Based on 60 Seats) fi

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: APRIL 30, 1971

Heading: LET US HELP YOU
Content: Call us now (collect) and one of our dedicated staff will answer your questions
    about placement in Clinics and accredited Hospitals in New York City.

Heading: LOW COST
Content: 

Heading: STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: | AVAILABLE 7 DAYS A WEEK
Content: CALL ANYTIME (collect) (212) 371-6670 or (212) 759-6810

Heading: WOMEN'S
Content: 

Heading: PAVILION
Content: 

Heading: INC.
Content: 515 MADISON AVENUE, N .Y . ***022

Heading: FARM  SHOW  ARENA
Content: 

Heading: H BG ., P A . SA T. M A Y  15
Content: 

Heading: 8:00 P.M .
Content: -- Advance $5.00 Send Self Addressed Stamp ed Envelope to:--

Heading: COLOR, INC., BO X 336
Content: 

Heading: HARRISBURG. P A . 17108
Content: t*M>X-,M**(**(**t**(" **'"" -'*""*'**" *" '" ***'" '" *"^

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 524-0744
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg,
Content: 

Heading: Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: by my claim that Miss Streisand's comic nature is her best, and it is that
    nature which is successfully revealed in The Owl and the Pussy cat. Well, I
    had a feeling when I sat down to review this film, that I couldn't keep up
    my criticism for long. The fact is that The Owl a n d n the Pussycat is one
    of the most enjoyable comedies I've seen in months, and I sat through it
    twice most importantly for the sake of pure enjoyment. As long as we're
    classifying, the biggest plus for the film is Mr. Segal-undoubetdly one of
    the best character actors in the business to day. Squeezing everything human
    out of his frustrated writer, Segal presents here his mastery of the ability
    to portray a laughably weak character and still come out on top. Even more
    impressive than that, is his unbelievable success in keeping up with the
    widely recognized vigor and pace of his co-star. And it is herein that lies
    much of Miss Streisand's success. Due un doubtedly to the skill of Mr.
    Segal, this is the first time I can remem ber that Barbra has failed to over
    power and completely suffocate her male star. If anything, it seems that in
    the moments when she does get carried away, she seems glar ingly out of line
    and is called back by Segal. The end result of all this is a delightful
    duet, with the two partners constantly complementing each other and keeping
    each other in place. A final thing that always has to be dealt with in
    cinema today is " the message,"  which happens to be light and happy in this
    film, but nonetheless significant. Perhaps the whole point of The Owl a n d
    toe P u s s y c a t is jokingly offered by Miss Streisand as she tells Segal
    about a psychiatrist she went to who told her that she should do anything
    she wanted, as long as it didn t make her unhappy. When she didn t pay him,
    it made her happy as hell, but | not him- Whether or not that sums it up,
    the treatments of life that Streisand offers to Segal to bring him back to
    humanity, does. For us, I'd prescribe one dose of this film, a medicine that
    might offer some cure for the weekend's monotony-

Heading: RENT FOR SUMMER
Content: Rooms in student house. Con venient to Campus, Full Facili ties Sun in Morning.
    Moon at night. 523-3711.

Heading: CUBBY, KAREN, VORTEX
Content: 

Heading: MONDAY, MAY 3, 1971
Content: 

Heading: HDhe BockntIlian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Watts and Golden Calf
Content: 

Heading: Ride Wave of Futurity
Content: 

Heading: Prof. Roy Rufus
Content: Jethro " Boy"  Goffer, Professor of Baroque Literature, found Parent's Weekend
    his most lucrative In months. The parents were apparently very appreciative
    not only of the fine luster he gave to their shoes, but also of his talent
    of beating out snappy rhythms while buffing than. As always, Prof Goffer
    will donate toe money to the ammunition fund 0>> the Panthers.

Heading: Smackmen and Fornos
Content: 

Heading: Trounced by Blue Boys
Content: By FLRAN SEPPEL The largest drug raid of the week took place on Saturday. Four
    hun dred students, twenty-seven faculty members and nine trustees were
    arrested. Bail was posted at seven million #dollars, the highest ever. Few
    stu dents were able to raise the money; the trustees, released in a matter
    of hours, promised to help raise the money, however. The raid took place at
    two in the afternoon, in Davis Gymnasium where the crowd had gathered for
    its daily " Shoot-Up and Sex"  party. The busloads of prostitutes had not
    yet arrived, although the Com-

Heading: FI) Zips In and Up
Content: By WILLIAM CHANIZ A  freshman, mysteriously known only as " The Human Fly,"
    made his formal debut on Sunday when, in honor of Parent's Weekend, he becam
    e the first man to " conquer the University Center." Before a crowd of
    several hun dred, the Human Fly scaled the sheer eighty foot monument
    without the help of ropes or any kind of support. In an amazing display of
    strength and agility, the Fly grasped the small indented concrete areas
    surrounding each brick, and wriggled his way to the top. Dressed in a tight-
    fitting orange and blue uniform, complete with a cowl for his face so that
    we may only guess at his identity, the Fly became an instant hero when he
    answered the cries of "jump"  by leaping off the building, landing safely in
    the fountain on the Quad. Various members of the com munity had observed the
    Fly train ing for the event by climbing up trees in the Sem, only to lower
    him self down again by the sheerest of ropes. There is some speculation that
    the Fly is the same person re portedly sighted sleeping on the side of the
    water tower. The Fly indicated that he would return in the near future.
    Having climbed the largest budding on campus, he promised that his next
    challenge would consist of the at tempt to climb the sheer walls of a
    building that is still only on the drawing boards. It is rumored that the
    fly is an ex- skydiver who found that sport too easily conquered, so he
    headed in the reverse direction. " Heck, sky diving is as easy as falling
    off a log,"  he once said. munists had begun showing their Anti-American
    films, when the boys in blue arrived. The animals for the " Bestiality
    Parade"  were found in compromising positions, adding another possible count
    to the ex pected indictment. Although the largest in numbers, this raid did
    not exceed the record in terms of quantity of illegal sub stances
    confiscated. That record is held by the raid two days ago when thirty pounds
    of heroin, ear marked for the " Neighborhood Children's Breakfast Program,"
    was found, along with four thousand dirty syringes and nine crates of
    pornographic T-Shirts. A small shoot-out occurred when one of the faculty
    attempted to escape. He was mowed down by a group of students who felt that
    he was " Copping out."  One was heard to shout after the murder, "An other
    blow for Relevancy!" It is suspected that several top student leaders of the
    campus Mafia-SDS coalition were picked up in the crowd. This may slow down
    the razing of the University that has been in progress since last spring.
    The townspeople, upset by the recent anti-Catholic pogrom, are expected to
    pressure the local po lice chief to continue cracking down on the students.
    But the students have pledged to " Sacrifice by sex ual Abuse"  two of the
    town's child ren for every student harassed." President Watts addressed the
    Parents Saturday, stressing the roll of the University in the " Wave of
    Futurity." Dressed in a demure gorilla suit, the president welcomed the
    parents, saying, " It sure is a pleasure to see so many of you here. I
    wouldn't say that there are a lot of you here, but the people in the back
    are eat ing borscht." He then stated the theme of the talk, " But seriously,
    if you think this room is small, you ought to see the freshman dorm rooms.
    Why those rooms are so small that a freshman put a key into the lock, and
    broke a window. " Why, I wouldn't say that those rooms are small, but, but
    even the mice are hunchbacked. They're so small that you have to leave the
    room to change your mind.

Heading: I
Content: wouldn't say they're small, but they had to put the lampshades on the bottom of
    the bulbs, and the light switches have to operate side ways. I wouldn't say
    they're small, but when you finally get into your bed, the door knob gets in
    with you. " Finally, this freshman kid lay down in his bed when what should
    he see but two rats fighting in the middle of the floor," President Watts
    said, to emphasize the dicho tomy between a luxury institution and community
    in which it may be located. " Well, let me tell you that he was outraged."
    Continuing, talking of the need for personal answers to personal questions,
    President Watts said, " So he marched down to the Head Resi dent and said
    angrily, There are two rats fighting in the middle of my floor!' " About the
    unfortunate necessity of high tuition, Watts concluded, " So the Head
    Resident turned to him and said, " For four hundred dollars a year, you
    expect maybe a bull fight?" The reaction to the President's speech was swift
    and unanimous. Carrying the president out, despite the frequent squirts from
    his selt-

Heading: Man Bites Dog
Content: 

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELLIAN
Content: today announced that page sevoi of its Issue of April 23 will be a parody. As
    the staff set to work late at night to complete toe page, the gremlin-like
    Myths of BuckneU who live in the news paper office could be seen leav ing
    for higher and drier parts. Rats wiU do this too, but they left BuckneU a
    long time ago. And we wiU soon. Each in his own time. David Weinberger

Heading: Fish Cake Walk
Content: By VICKI VOCKI Today, in an environment action that surprised many with its mili
    tancy, fish from the Susquehanna River crawled up on land and beat on Mr.
    Geiger, head of the Physical Plant. Tim Storieonk, president of the BuckneU
    Students For Clean Every thing, expressed dismay that the fish had not
    consulted his group be fore the action. " We were taken completely aback,
    and were totally afronted." Storieonk said that Operation Springtime would
    go ahead as plan ned. Operation Springtime is an at tempt to keep BuckneU
    prepetually in that season. Students wUl canvass all of Lewis burg, handing
    leaflets out to all trees. The leaflets warn the trees against shedding
    their leaves in fall, under threat of " finding yourself picking someone's
    teeth in a greasy diner on Rout 15."

Heading: Clowns Smirk
Content: By SACCO DOTAL Parents this weekend expressed surprise at the four hundred
    student clowns wandering around the cam pus. The clowns, students elected to
    that position because of high aca demic achievement, or some other
    outstanding quaUty, expressed re ciprocal surprise at the parent's re
    action. As one was heard to com ment, " Jeez, you'd think they had forgotten
    that we ever existed." As usual, the clowns, dressed in their homemade
    outfits, rode around campus, throwing marsh- maUows at whoever ignored them,
    talking in voices two octaves higher than normal, beeping their " magic
    horns" whenever there was a silence. The parent's expressed a mixture of
    shock, amusement and outrage. " After aU,"  said one father, " I didn't send
    my son here to become a clown! He's here to learn the ropes of the trade."
    Another typical reaction was stated by one mother who sat in the Bison over
    a coke and hamburger. She said, " Gee, I don't really under stand it, but I
    guess we just have to accept what the kids are doing today. After all, we
    made such a mess of the world, maybe they can teach us something." Some
    parents could not help but contain their mirth at the Annual Dance and
    Rainmaker held in a tent on the soccer field when a con tingent of forty
    clowns swallowed Ronnie Dio, the bandleader. zer bottle of Knowledge, the
    par ents showered the President with money, furs and gold fillings. " Ya
    hoo,"  John Zeller was heard to com ment.

Heading: Calf Bone
Content: By SALLACE KORK At a special ceremony, lead by President Watts and Chaplain
    Gardner, parents watched the un veiling of the new monument do nated by the
    class of 1956. Gathered together on the only patch of land left of what was
    once known as The Hill, the crowd heard Chaplain Gardner give the invoca
    tion as the President of the Alumni Association pulled the string that
    ripped the veils from the shining Golden Calf. " We ask Thy blessing on this
    humble work, that it might serve as an inspiration to all future Buck-
    nellians that grace this fair Uni versity,"  The chaplain said sancti
    moniously. President Watts made a similar invocation, substituting the
    Truste es for God. The statue was donated by the Class of 1956 to "
    symbolize some thing,"  in the words of the Presi dent of Alumni Everywhere.
    " Be sides, it was either that or a five pound box of chocolates and some
    Why isn't this man Charlie Watts? flowers."

Heading: Toes Tap Fred Astaire
Content: By BROCKMAN TUBER This weekend saw three theatrical events of uneven quality. A
    de light to the ear was the new background music; a treat to all the senses
    was the performance by Jed Macky and The Stumpers. And the pro duction
    number on the hill was its usual dull self. The background music for the
    weekend was changed from its normal fare in honor of the parents. The
    Steering Committee decided that the usual minuet music on the quad, and the
    " Thus Spake Zarathustra m the Bison were a bit too heavy for the parents.
    Instead the committee opted for replacement of the orchestra through out the
    campus by accordian-saxophone duets, which played Italian Wed ding Music and
    the theme from " My Three Sons."  The idea was a stroke of genius, although
    we think a few more flute players in the bushes might have provided more of
    the sense of mystery of the East which prevades the campus. . .. But really,
    must we suffer through another spontaneous production number? As usual, a
    student walking down the hill got the urge and yelled, " Take me to Park
    Avenue, Kids!" . . . . . . . . The chorus line, this time dissapointingly
    only two-hundred students long, danced out from behind the shrubbery and
    sang, " Let's Go Slumm ing, From the Bowery to Park Avenue." . . The kicking
    was less than precise, and although the joy and spun seemed to be there, we
    can only wonder how much longer this stillness will go on before it becomes
    stultified into a tradition.

Heading: Addenda and Pudenda
Content: By RUDOLPH FRIML The Dept, of Physics held a lec ture for the parents this
    weekend, at which time it released some of its most " amazing Science
    Facts." The parents expressed benign in terest. The Dept, announced that the
    world's heaviest rain occurred at the bottom of the ocean. In fact, it is
    still raining there right at this very moment. The Department also said that
    the Hudson Think Tank had recent ly discovered a way to count var ious fruit
    conglomerations, disprov ing the old saw that you cannot add apples and
    oranges. The par ents applauded. As a footnote, the spokesman added, with an
    obvious note of dis appointment, that as yet no way to get a hard-boiled egg
    out of a milk bottle has been found. The spokesman said that the world's
    largest plant is not a giant redwood in California, but was rather, as of
    February first of this year, the Detroit General Motors factory. " Progress
    is our baby, our only baby"  he quipped. Sigma Alpha Mu, in its annual
    Bounce for Beats, this weekend sur prised parents with more than re quests
    for money for charity. This year, the Sammies bounced parents instead of
    basketballs, drag ging them out of their cars, and sending their Cadillacs
    over the side of the road into the creek by the Bison. The money will be
    used to buy narcotics and women of easy vir tue for an orphanage. The
    Kissing Booth, where for 25c you can watch two people kissing broke all
    records this weekend grossing over $450, and 35 onlookers. " Guess Your
    Son's Weight in the Great Books"  also did extremely well. By JOHN FREDMANG
    Dean Thomas B. Risch assured parents this weekend that he would soon have a
    statement ready an swering the accusation that he is just another one of the
    forty Dean John Pypers on campus.

Heading: l i  i
Content: 

Heading: #vu
Content: tEEEEKEEEEEEKEEEtEEEEE WEEEEEEEEEEEESEEESEEimm

Heading: D iam ondm en D efeat D ickinson
Content: 

Heading: Big Blue Laxmen Explode
Content: 

Heading: W ith  E xciting 9th Inning R ally
Content: By KEN DOAK A ninth inning home-run by Chris Riley gave the Bisons a 7-6 triumph
    over Dickinson Tuesday in a tre mendously exciting and unpredict able game.
    Dickinson jumped out to a 4-0 lead after three innings as they racked
    starter Jim Bolognese for 8 hits in that span. The Herd picked up a tally in
    the 3rd when Bemie Berninger walked, and Steve Eck lined a single that
    bounced past the rightfielder to bring home the runner. In the seventh
    inning, however, the BU bats came alive all at once. A Dickinson error, and
    singles by Eck and Jay Sabatino loaded the bases. John Rudolph, Riley, and
    Mike Marinchak then followed with three line shots to the outfield to jump
    the Herd into a 6-4 lead. The four runs in that inning sur passed the team
    production for any previous game. Bill Lane then replaced Rich Baines, who
    had pitched 4 scoreless innings. He breezed through the next five batters
    and seemingly had a victory wrapped up. However, nothing is ever certain
    with the Bisons, as the next two batters proved. Paul Wagner, with two
    strikes on him, belted one that did not stop rolling until it bounced off
    the Christy Mathewson Gateway, and he coasted around the bases. Lou Lo-
    quasto followed with a towering shot over the fence in left field, also on a
    2-strike pitch, and the score was 6-7. Rudolph added a bit of excite ment as
    he led off the bottom of the ninth with a double and was nailed trying to
    stretch it. However, Riley quickly drove a line-drive to deep est left-
    center and legged it all the way for the game-winner to help erase the
    pained look on Coach Thompson's face. Hopefully, the base hit barrage will
    bring the Bison batters out of their slump, and Rudolph (.359) and Gene
    Luccarelli (.333) may get some offensive help. BU travels to Gettysburg
    tomor row for a double-header, as the squad seeks to better their 4-10
    record. " i . . '..1' * * cy -V: . ? X-V-v -L : By ALAN GROCHAL Records were
    shattered as the BU laxmen defeated winless Dickinson, at home Wednesday,
    20-6. Co-captain Lou Kissling set a new mark with ten points in the game, on
    four goals and six assists. Junior Dan Nourse tied the single game record
    for goals with six. Finally, the team score of twenty goals set a new mark.
    The Herd led from the start as they mounted a 5-1 lead at the quarter. BU
    increased the margin to 12-2 at the half and 15-3 after three periods.
    Throughout the last period Coach Sid Jamieson substituted freely, but the
    Bisons still outscored Dick inson 5-3. Although Nourse tied the single game
    record for goals, he still felt that this was far from his best game. MK.yqe
    g " Actually I only had four goals against Dickinson's starters. I was
    forced to go back in when Bob Jennings hurt his shoulder. My last two goals
    were scored against their reserves."  he remarked. Randy Harris added three
    goals for the victors and Jim Navran had two. BU is now 4-3, but more impor
    tantly they have only one loss in league play. With several teams tied with
    the Bisons for first place>> the next two games, against Wash ington College
    and Delaware, shape up as must wins. Saturday the Herd will host Wash ington
    which perennially has one of the top ranked lacrosse teams in the nation.
    Washington's team this season is not as strong as past years, but they will
    still be tough. Delaware beat Lehigh, who in flicted BU's only league loss,
    in an early season game.

Heading: IN
Content: * c i f r r J B S l Buca>>' I ! p p .  -  y . r y *  " 'f z p  SS -

Heading: i l l
Content: !M f P

Heading: hiiliiiiiiiiii
Content: 

Heading: imailiiiWMUIi
Content: ??.'?#A *-' " s '  V  .V >> i-.S U & a i s a g >> ; p p p (photos by Eric Riess)

Heading: Tonu Zidansek:
Content: 

Heading: Hard Throwing Pitcher
Content: . .. ... -i T>> ___ : _ C nliitvin on/4 umrt tnu) By DAVID COULTER While the
    Bison baseball team has been struggling through its season, there have been
    some bright spots in the lineup. One of these is senior pitcher Tony
    Zidansek. As the Blue team has amassed a 4-10 record, Tony has managed to
    maintain a 0.95 ERA. To win you need good pitching, constant and timely
    hitting, a good defense, a good attitude and players who enjoy playing
    baseball,"  Tony explains. ''We haven't been able to put all of these
    together and since the season is so short we've been in trouble." However,
    the Bison hurler, look ing on the bright side, feels there is a mental
    advantage in the hitting drought. " The one positive thing is that I know
    that we aren't going to get the hitting and I have to concen trate fully on
    every batter. College pitchers primarily use three pitches, the fastball,
    the curve, and the change-up. Tony de pends primarily on his fast ball and
    curve, and ideally he would " want the batter to anticipate the fast ball
    and then throw him a curve and catch his timing off. However, it is more
    important where you throw than what you throw, control makes all the
    difference." In describing the role of and de mands on a pitcher, Tony said
    " As a pitcher you experience total in volvement, you have to play every
    pitch. There is the feeling that the game centers around your position more
    than any other. There is also an added sense of responsibility since one of
    your pitches can make the difference be tween winning and losing. . .But for
    the second before the pitch it seems that there exists, only you and the
    catcher's glove, you aren't really even conscious of the batter." He had
    praises for Coach Thomp son and his attitude, commenting, " Coach Thompson
    is still trying to make baseball a fun sport and not pressing the players,
    but letting them work things out themselves, even though we've been losing."
    As for the future, Tony believes the Bisons should be in a favorable
    position next season with this year's frosh hitting well and pitchers Bill
    Gaito, a sophomore, and Jim Bolog nese, a freshman, returning to take charge
    of the mound chores. The Bison hurler plans to enter Duquense Law School
    next fall after graduating with a degree in Busi ness Administration from
    BU. He would eventually like to head to ward a career in the field of cor
    porate law. Even though the Herd has failed to achieve an MAC contender's
    record, they are striving to pull out of their slump and work toward a .500
    season. Regardless of their total record, the Bisons have had some fine
    performances from Tony Zidansek and various members of the team. Hopefully
    they will be able to put everything together in the final half of the
    season.

Heading: Womens Sailing M  Eligible far nationals;
Content: 

Heading: M estar Boatmen Sink Male Counterparts
Content: 

Heading: Wanted To Rent On A Yearly Basis
Content: 

Heading: COLLEGE
Content: 

Heading: STUDENTS
Content: 

Heading: TO
Content: 

Heading: RENT
Content: 

Heading: FURNISHED MOBILE HOME
Content: 

Heading: Preferable 3 io 5 students. Available August 1st. 1971.
Content: 

Heading: Rent is $75.00 per month per person. This includes all
Content: 

Heading: utilities, except phone and TV Cable. Located in the
Content: 

Heading: Montandon Trailer Court. For more in formation call
Content: 

Heading: 52410583
Content: ----- WHATS PLAYING? -----

Heading: POST ON
Content: 

Heading: BULLETIN
Content: 

Heading: BOARD
Content: By LORI VOUGHT The Bucknell Women's Sailing Team has had a very good season this
    Spring. On April 10, four mem bers sailed at Douglass and in New Brunswick,
    N.J., lead by Liz Hyde, former team captain, came in first. The following
    weekend, the team took part in the Tiger Bowl Regatta held at Princeton
    University. Com peting against six other schools, BU sailers trailed only
    the George town team. Last weekend the MAAWS (Mid dle Atlantic Association
    of Women Sailers) Spring Championships were held at West Point in N.Y.
    Bucknell finished a smashing third which now makes the team eligible to
    compete in the Nationals to be held June 10- 13 at the Coast Guard Academy.
    The team has three regattas sche duled for next fall to be held on September
    11, and October 16 and 23. By MARK McCONNAUGHHUY This past weekend the
    Sailing Club participated in a triangular meet at Cornell. The team, con
    sisting of Mark McConnaughhuy, Richard Hersey, James Pulver, Bob Palmer,
    Gary Norton, and Alan Bracci, finished third in the meet which the
    University of Rochester won by a slim margin of three points. Richard Hersey
    put in an out standing performance and was in contention for individual
    honors, until he capsized after being hit by another boat. Team Captain,
    Mark McConnau ghhuy, provided the highlight of the meet by falling out of
    his boat when the hiking strap he was using broke. He later commented on the
    loyalty of his crewmate, Jim Pulver, who capsized the boat ten seconds later
    instead of sailing on without him.

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: -:Ads:-
Content: 

Heading: SS Fri.-Sat.-Sun.-Mon.-Tues.
Content: 

Heading: April 30, May 1, 2, 3. 4
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: N COLUMBIA PICTURES AND RASTAR PRODUCTIONS PRESENT ^

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: RAY STARK * HERBERT ROSS
Content: Production

Heading: | Barbra Streisand
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: George Segal
Content: 

Heading: JANUARY PLAN
Content: 

Heading: TO
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: E
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: FOR DETAILS ATTEND
Content: A  MEETING M ONDAY, M AY 3 in 102A  COLEMAN at 7:30 p.m.

Heading: -- OR CO N TACT--
Content: 

Heading: Tom Risch, Dean of Men
Content: 

Heading: abortion
Content: 

Heading: aid
Content: The Council on Abortion Research & Education (Non- Profit) provides free infor
    mation and referral assistance regarding legal abortion. Limited financial
    aid is also available. Inquiries are completely confidential. Call: (212)
    682-6856

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELL IAN
Content: APRIL 30, 1971 FOR RENT --  One of two furnished furnished houses, 30 min. from
    Rutland, Vermont on Rt. 100, Rochester. Houses 8. Near lakes, golf courses,
    hiking trails. $200- 300 monthly. $25-40 apiece for eight people. For more
    informa tion call 1934.

Heading: EXPEDITIONS
Content: -- Adventurous groups depart July 6 and Sept. 14, overland to Panama, and to ob
    serve life in a remote Mayan vil lage in the Quintana Roo. Details: Doka
    Expeditions Inc., 2329 Sac ramento, Suite 1, San Francisco. 94115.

Heading: Panavision*
Content: Color SH OW  TIM ES 7:00-- 9:00

Heading: 'A Very Significant Thing';
Content: 

Heading: Faculty Votes to Open FAC
Content: 

Heading: VOLUME LX X m  -- NO. 47
Content: By JUNE CAFFREY At the faculty meeting last night a motion which changes the
    struc ture of the Faculty Advisory Com mittee was passed by a vote of 53-41.
    The motion, proposed by Stephen F. Becker, assistant professor of physics,
    provides that the 5 or 6 vacancies each year shall be filled by candidates
    at large (i. e. there would be no requirement concern ing department,
    division, or college affiliation). " This is a very significant motion the
    faculty just passed,"  Provost Wendell Smith commented. The new voting
    system will alleviate the departmentalization which was characteristic of
    the old system. " I have noticed intense depart mentalization of the faculty
    and feel that Professor Becker's motion will aid in breaking it up,"
    observed Richard Henry, chairman of the physics department. Gene Chenoweth,
    chairman of the political science department, spoke in favor of the motion
    and noted that, " The at-large approach is much better all around."  It
    allows for the possibility of minority as well as majority representation of
    the faculty. David Ray, coordinator of grad uate studies and professor of
    math ematics, reported on his committee which is investigating the use of
    the campus by outside agencies. The main purpose of the commit tee is to
    clarify the issues and de note the implications of this use for the
    University community. The committee's investigation will center around the
    Boyd Douglas issue. Ray said the committee will explore the question of
    whether cer tain individuals' academic freedom and personal rights had been
    en dangered. The final report will be issued at the December 1971 meeting.
    Mildred Martin, professor of English, proposed that the faculty create an
    International Education Committee. The motion passed after some discussion.
    The purpose of this committee will be to coordinate all activities relating
    to foreign study at the Uni versity. It will be composed of 13 members
    including three academic deans and one student. Herbert Eckberg, Dean of the
    College of Engineering, noted that, " Within the next few years, there will
    be an increasing need for co ordination of information concern ing among
    other things, the amount and sources of funds available for studying abroad
    and acquiriing foreign students at the University." The faculty voted to
    recess for one week. Topics for next week's meeting will include the
    physical education requirement and a reso lution that the relationship
    between professor and stulent be considered " special"  at the University.

Heading: "Cht
Content: 

Heading: JBocknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY, LEWISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: TUESDAY, MAY 4. 1971
Content: 

Heading: Mayday Memorial Service
Content: 

Heading: Marks Strike Anniversary
Content: By RICHARD HUMPHREY A Mayday memorial service will be held Wednesday, May 5,
    from 1:00 p.m. until 2:30 p.m. on the Academic Quad. The service will be
    held to com memorate the lives of the State and Jackson State students which
    were lost in protest of the widening war in Indochina. This commemoration
    will be real- ized through the joint efforts of the Association of Bucknell
    Students and the Bucknell Students for Peace. The Peoples Coalition is
    calling for a nationwide moratorium on business as usual May 5. Betsy
    Sandel, chairman of the Mayday campus committee, stated, " It is hoped that
    there will be no 'business as usual' this Wednesday."

Heading: Selection Controversy Continues
Content: 

Heading: JC's Uncertain about Their R ole
Content: By DON THOMPSON (Editor's Note: This is the first of a two-part report
    concerning the controversy involving the Office of University Residence
    Halls.) Following the announcement of

Heading: 'Vision of Christ' Deemed
Content: 

Heading: Medieval Mystery Play, 1971
Content: By MICHAEL PAYNE Vision of Christ is a work of poetic revelation in which, as in
    its fourteenth-century source, the in timacy of religious and imaginative
    ecstacy is offered to be shared as a communal experience. The dy namics of
    the work range from the personal realm of man's sin, his fear of death and
    damnation, and his hope to imitate in fact Christ's resurrection to the
    communal realm of grace, love, and peace. These two realms merge in the "
    mirroring mind" of the Poet, whose consciousness is fragmented into all of
    the separate identities in the poetic drama. The center of the work, then,
    is the Poet, whose are much less perceptive than a medieval audience, for
    the relation ship between the audience and a play appears to have undergone
    a complete inversion since the four teenth century. It has been said of
    medieval drama that " while the performance lasted, audience and actors
    shared the same ritual world, a world more real than the one which existed
    outside its frame." Similarily, in the Prologue to Vision of Christ the Poet
    tells us, " For you tillers and toilers I pro vide with rare Truth." The "
    rare Truth"  of the Vision comes to us through a series of transformations.
    The first medieval metaphors for his vision; this pro- the names of the
    residence halls personnel for next year, the con troversy over the
    performance and counselor selection methods of the Office of University
    Residence Halls has increased. Initially, there seems to be a glar ing lack
    of communication between the counselors and the residence directors. In the
    freshman dorms, counselors' meetings are either un productive or non-
    existent. Supposedly, the problems that are making freshmen uncomfortable
    are very seldom discussed and, consequently, morale is low. Further, several
    staff members from Marts Hall used to visit the counselors last year, but
    those visits have been terminated. There is at least one reported in cident
    of a counselor being down graded by a head resident in front of his hall
    group. As for responsibility, the coun selor in the past was expected to be
    a social coordinator, but that as pect of the job has been down played.
    Freshman counselors also did not participate in this year's Freshman
    Orientation program and, thus, were unable to answer many ques tions. A t
    the end of this year, the fresh men were asked to evaluate their counselor.
    As unreliable as it may be, this seems to be the only kind of evaluation
    that is formally done. Finally, several counselors have the feeling that
    they are supposed to be policemen, but they have re jected this role.
    Unfortunately, however, there have been several instances of stu dents being
    summoned to Marts Hall after their counselors confi dentially reported
    infractions, which damage the relationship between counselor and student.
    The names are supposedly going on file, in case the students needed help
    later. There are several other changes, but they all involve non-communica
    tion and a lack of confidence be tween student personnel and resi dence hall
    administrators. The next section, to appear in the Friday issue of The
    BucknelUan, will deal with the methods of counselor selection. Concerned
    students and faculty are urged to boycott classes for the entire day. At
    their meeting last week, ABS endorsed the memorial service, as " . . .the
    death of these students at Kent State has become symbolic of the number of
    students elsewhere." ABS also requests that all mem bers of the University
    community attend the service and that " . . .for these 90 minutes all
    academic and non-academic business cease out of respect for those who have
    died." The service, moderated by Chap lain James Gardner, will include a
    service of remarks concerning Kent State and the broader aspects of the war
    by members of the Uni versity community. As May 5th will mark the culmin
    ation of the Spring Offensive, speakers will also discuss other aspects of
    the Offensive, such as poverty, racism, and repression. Provost Wendell
    Smith will de liver a statement issued by Presi dent Charles Watts. Also
    speaking will be: Father Ber nard Petrina, Newman chaplain; Dennis Baumwoll,
    assistant profes sor of English; Zoia Horn, read re ference librarian; Gene
    Cheno weth, professor of political science; Bob Nachshin, president of ABS;
    and David Young, spokesman for the Association of Blacks for Pro gress. An
    open forum will be held fol lowing the speakers' remarks. In case of rain,
    the memorial service will be held in Rooke Chapel.

Heading: Early Morning Blaze
Content: 

Heading: Damages Taylor Hall
Content: By GINA SMITH A Sunday morning fire destroyed a biology laboratory and office
    and caused extensive smoke damage on the second floor of Taylor Hall.
    Approximately 200 mice and twen ty or thirty birds died in the blaze. The
    remainder of the building's animals, including hamsters, guinea

Heading: Mexican-American
Content: 

Heading: Joins Psych Staff
Content: A scene from John Wheatcroft's of the fourteenth century poem, Saturday night.
    'Vision of Christ,"  a modern adaptation 'Piers Plowman,"  which premiered
    here vision takes the ancient form of psychomachia, which allows for the
    projection of parts of his mind into a series of dramatic characters whose
    interaction constitutes the working of his mind as it creates and renders
    his vision. The aesthetic risks involved in of fering such a poetic drama "
    on the order of a mystery play, 1970-71" are tremendous. The creators of
    Piers Plowman and the medieval mystery plays could assume much more about
    their audiences than can be assumed about a modern audience. In our
    receptiveness to the ex periences of myth and ritual, we cess gives us one
    of the most mag nificent lines in the poem: " For Christ was a knight,
    courageous, a King's son." The second transformation recasts the medieval
    experiences in modern terms, but here the transformation is no longer
    primarily visionary; now it is the modem idiom in the verse -- ''Then
    sighing sad Satan spoke to his gang"  -- and even more obviously the modem
    tonali ties and rhythms in the music which bring the traditional into
    conjunc tion with the contemporary. The third transformation, of course, is
    what gives us the per- (Continued on Page 3) By NANCY GRDEN Enrique J.
    Abordo has received the faculty position of assistant pro fessor of
    psychology, effective this September. He will be teaching two sections of
    general psychology, as well as a course in abnormal psychology. " Dr. Abordo
    plans to reorganize the general course so that they in clude field
    experience,"  stated Dr. Douglas Candland, chairman of the psychology
    department. " It is hoped that students will learn about psychology by
    seeing what a psy chologist does." Abordo received his A.B. from Loyola
    University of Los Angeles in 1962 and his M.A. from San Diego State College
    in 1964. He re ceived his Ph.D. from the Uni versity of California last
    December. His most recent faculty position has been assistant professor of
    psychology at Reed College. " Although Dr. Abordo is more than familiar with
    the Mexican- American communities in southern California,"  Dr. Candland
    stated, "he is coming to the University be cause he feels that it offers him
    the best opportunity for professional development, and we are pleased to
    have him here for that reason." Dr. Abordo hopes to do research in the
    fields of child psychology and primate learning, especially at the child
    study mobile unit center, which will be opening in the fall next to the
    psychology lab. " Dr. Abordo is interested in the field of problem solving
    and concept formation in children and the Great Apes,"  Dr. Candland
    continued. " His current interest is with how blind children solve problems
    be cause one of their sensory systems is removed from perception." " Dr.
    Abordo did his work for his master's and doctoral degrees on how human
    beings and primates solve novel problems, and his pro cedures for study have
    led other researchers to reorganize their ap proach to this area." pigs, and
    rabbits, were removed to safety. Senior biology major Ken Dang- man lost an
    entire set of lecture notes, research, and materials for his honors thesis
    in the fire. Tech nical assistant Thomas Maxon also lost much of his
    research work. Biology professor Jack Harclerode related, " There was
    extensive smoke damage in all of the labs and offices. Electrical power was
    lost temporarily on all floors of the building. Smoke and water damage
    resulted in the smudging of nearly all the glassware in the building." The
    fire alarm rang at 8:30 a.m. Sunday, but officials feel that the fire had
    been burning for at least an hour before that. At the time of the alarm, the
    night watchman had already left, and reportedly, no one was in the building.
    Fire officials found a burned-out circuit breaker on the second floor.
    However, they felt that until there was a more thorough investigation, the
    fire could not be attributed to any specific electrical cause. Two general
    biology labs and two organismal physiology classes were cancelled on Monday.
    However, Harclerode expressed his convic tion that the biology program would
    be operating on schedule today. " The physical plant people and the
    Lewisburg firemen have been exceedingly cooperative,"  he stated. " Twenty
    or more people from the physical plant worked in the build ing all day
    Monday. A number of people have also volunteered their services." University
    officials have not yet estimated the cost of the damage. f

Heading: Memorial for the Dead
Content: 

Heading: Tomorrow's service commemorating
Content: 

Heading: the deaths of students at Kent and Jack-
Content: 

Heading: son State one year ago is undoubtedly
Content: 

Heading: designed by its organizers to be a time
Content: 

Heading: of sincere reflection. But the outrage of
Content: 

Heading: war, at home and abroad, continues. We
Content: 

Heading: would hope that Americans are not so
Content: 

Heading: naive as to believe that the government
Content: 

Heading: has significantly changed its policies
Content: 

Heading: simply by its token acknowledgement of
Content: 

Heading: the concern expressed last May.
Content: 

Heading: While some will reflect on past
Content: 

Heading: deaths, many will placing themselves
Content: 

Heading: "on the line" in Washington. Five Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity stulents were arrested last week,
Content: 

Heading: and many more have left for the capitol
Content: 

Heading: with as much commitment.
Content: 

Heading: On campus, we react slowly to the
Content: 

Heading: implications of government interference
Content: 

Heading: with the formation of a committee, as
Content: 

Heading: the Harrisburg Grand Jury continues to
Content: 

Heading: widen the scope of its investigations.
Content: 

Heading: Two more persons from the University
Content: 

Heading: have been called to testify, and no one
Content: 

Heading: can be sure where the Grand Jury will
Content: 

Heading: look next.
Content: 

Heading: Some of us will sit in the quad to
Content: 

Heading: morrow to assess only the memories of
Content: 

Heading: deaths, but it is evident that government
Content: 

Heading: interference continues. In fact, this Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity is now more directly involved in
Content: 

Heading: the violence of society than it was a
Content: 

Heading: year ago. During this same period, many
Content: 

Heading: have searched for alternatives, without
Content: 

Heading: commemorating the dead.
Content: 

Heading: There may not be anything wrong
Content: 

Heading: with commemorating a death, if the
Content: 

Heading: people who commemorate do so on their
Content: 

Heading: own initiative for reasons true for the
Content: 

Heading: living. But just as it took a crisis of
Content: 

Heading: death to arouse white middle class
Content: 

Heading: America one year ago, we should not
Content: 

Heading: rely on these memories to reawaken us.
Content: 

Heading: We are sincere when we are all joined
Content: 

Heading: together to reflect for an hour and a
Content: 

Heading: half, but as in anything, forced aware
Content: 

Heading: ness
Content: 

Heading: just
Content: 

Heading: doesn't
Content: 

Heading: last.
Content: 

Heading: Tomorrow's
Content: 

Heading: service must entail honest reassessment
Content: 

Heading: by those of us who haven't already
Content: 

Heading: moved ahead, unless we would want to
Content: 

Heading: pause only briefly for memories of death.
Content: 

Heading: FEEDBACK
Content: 

Heading: Vision of Christ'
Content: To the Editor: In your April 23rd edition of The Bucknellian, there appeared a
    front page article about Professor Jerome Rinkus' views on the war in the
    Republic of Vietnam and the mili tary in general. We cannot allow such an
    article to pass without com ment. In Professor Rinkus' letter to the "
    Vietnam Veterans Against War" he signs his name as a " Retired Captain,
    USAR."  The word " re tired"  as used is incorrect. It is correct when used
    by members of the Armed Forces who have spent the major part of their lives
    (20 to 30 years.>> in the defense of their country. Begrudgingly serving
    one's obligation in the armed forces, as Professor Rinkus says he did, from
    ROTC cadet to Captain, in no way entitles anyone to use this title. " Former
    Captain,"  " One-time Cap tain," or if now in the US Army Reserve, "
    Captain, USAR"  would

Heading: =GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: Where's Our Commitment?
Content: _______________ By MICHAEL HOLOSZYC- There has been a lot of clamor on this
    campus aiwublthe .People's Peace Treaty this spring. The terms of it were
    rejected by the student body although they were accepted by the faculty and
    admmistration. Such results are enough to startle anyone. Are Bucknell
    students so re actionary that the faculty must take the initiative to act
    Pr?Sr(r)s(r)'ve ^ ' And are we soon coming to the point where the faculty
    will lead action for change while the students remain either apathetic or
    essentially conservative? Indeed, to endorse the People's Peace Treaty may
    be considered a radical act. It is an act of non-violent civil disobedience,
    since the Logan Act prohibits citizens to negotiate with a foreign coun ry.
    Vietnam the American students who negotiated the treaty returned from
    Vietnam this winter, J. Edgar Hoover announced that he had uncovered a plo
    to negotiate a peace treaty with the Vietnamese. Whether Bucknell students
    voted against the treaty nothing about it but heard " it wasn't good or
    unrealistic, or thev were deeply committed against endorsing such a
    disrespectful treaty, is not important now. As a group, we have declared
    ourselves; it is no up to each of us individuals to act. Sneaking to each of
    you as individuals then, there are certain points I would like to bring out.
    The treaty was negotiated by student groups of the United States, North
    Vietnam, and South Vietnam. It s main n - nortance is that the students have
    negoiated an honorable and immediate of the war while the U.S. government
    through their expert ne gotiations of peace in Paris have failed miserably.
    Nixon is concerned about having the American prisoners released from North
    Vietnam, but as yet has not been able to release them. The People's Peace
    Treaty provides for such release. Ainencans worry about the " bloodbath" to
    occur upon Americans leaving Vietnarn. The Treaty guarantees " the safety
    and political freedom of persons t H H i  S * with either side in the war."
    America's obligation in the treaty is to set a timetable for an immediate,
    total withdrawal, end the imposition of the Thieu government in Vietnam to
    insure seif-determmation and re lease of political prisoners, and finally,
    respect the mdepende , p and neutrality of Laos and Cambodia. The People's
    Peace Treaty establishes the way for peace in Vietnam now (" Vietnamese
    agree to participate in an immediate cease , Americans will pledge to
    withdraw now. Nixon has failed to bring peace tcTvietnam'as he promised, and
    it is now up to the American people to bring our government to accept the
    terms of the treaty. Tomorrow is a nationwide Moratorium in commemoration of
    the killings at Kent State and Jackson State Colleges last year. A year ago,
    you the Quad yelling about the injustices perpetuated by oiir government Bu
    y e l this year for most of you, the People's Peace Treaty was to radical,
    or whatever, to be supported. For those who still feel a commitment to end
    the war, I urge you to write to People's Peace Treaty, Room 900, 1029
    Vermont Avenue N.W Washington, D.C. 20005 and tell them you endorse the
    principles of the treaty It will probably be the first political letter
    you've written since your hysteria last May.

Heading: "HANDOUTS W ILL
Content: 

Heading: ONLY DESTROY
Content: 

Heading: YOUR INCENTIVE
Content: 

Heading: TO  W ORK...
Content: 

Heading: RQ O BB
Content: 

Heading: ]Redneck Country
Content: be acceptable. Professor Rinkus describes the " close cooperation of the educa
    tional system with the military." There are currently 11 students at
    Bucknell on ROTC scholarships who are directly thankful for the close
    cooperation as are many others in ROTC. For one reason, it has saved them
    and their parents a total of $27,927.50 thiis school year alone and perhaps
    has provided them with a unique opportunity to attend this fine institution.
    We would ask Pro fessor Rinkus if he would prefer the military to be led by
    un-educated individuals, or by well-educated young men such as those commis
    sioned from Bucknell. We would suggest that if Profes sor Rinkus would have
    left the " growing American community in Saigon"  (with its " bar maids,
    house maids and prostitutes" ) and served for extended periods in the field
    where the war is being fought, his low opinion of what Americans are doing
    in Vietnam might be com pletely different. In conclusion we would like to
    state that we are proud of our 1 Silver Star, 3 Bronze Star Medals for
    Valor, 13 Bronze Star Medals for Merit, 6 Air Medals, 11 Army Commendation
    Medals, 2 Purple Hearts, 1 Good Conduct Medals, 3 Vietnamese Crosses of
    Gallantry, 1 Vietnamese Honor Medal, and 2 Combat Infantry Badges,
    collective ly achieved. We are thankful to the American and Vietnamese
    people for so honoring us for we shall cherish these medals for the rest of
    our lives. Officers and Enlisted Men of the Military Science Program

Heading: Letters
Content: 

Heading: to the
Content: 

Heading: Editor
Content: 

Heading: Counselors
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: 

Heading: B u t h n e i l i a n
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL
Content: STUDENT NEW SPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY Established 1897. Published ^
    ^ " ^ s c r ip t io n *  >> L M ^ a y a b le ' ln advance. 1922, at the post
    office at Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of M arch 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON -- Business Manager
Content: By RICK VANCE Meeting the father is half the game when you're dating a hometown
    honey. Unfortunately it is the poorer half of my game, especially when my
    date is an unusually slow dresser. As I sat opposite one particular father,
    gamely attempting to match his stare (or rather, glare) I was hoping that
    his wife would join our little group. I must confess that I do very well
    with mothers, because unlike fathers, they don't get political. Mothers
    simply ask you if you're enjoying college, to which you reply, " Yes very
    much." Then they comment on how handsome you look, to which you reply with
    blushing modesty, " Thank you, you're looking very good yourself. I find it
    hard to believe you're old enough to be (name of 8 Most fathers are another
    thing, however. I usually soar through the section on trivia (" Oh yessir,
    the Yankees are my favorite team also. ) with flying colors, but I find it
    wise to restrict my participation in the political dialogue (or shall I say,
    soliloquy) that ensues to a few discreet Questions and frequent nodding
    combined with a profound wrinkling of my brow, an indication of thought.
    Take the following encounter, for pxamDiG , . . " Nixon's a good President,"
    the father said. I was tempted to ask his definition of " good"  but decided
    it would be worthless without his defini tions of " President" and " Nixon."
    " Of course I feel very strongly that he should begin to bomb more heavily."
    I resisted the impulse to com ment that our illustrious President had
    already " bombed enough. The trouble with this country," he continued, " is
    that we patronize those damn hippies. We should ship the whole bunch of 'em
    over to Vietnam. (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Alternative Treaty
Content: 

Heading: CHARLES
Content: 

Heading: MUSSMAN
Content: Editorials Editor

Heading: JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: Sports Editor

Heading: BOB ARNOLD
Content: Pbotography Editor

Heading: ALAN GROCHAL
Content: Sports Assistant

Heading: SCOTT GEBHARDT
Content: National Adv. Manager

Heading: NANCY GRDEN
Content: Tuesday News Editor

Heading: GINA SMITH
Content: News Assistant

Heading: NANCY SCHILLER
Content: Circulation Manager

Heading: ROBIN BITTERLICH
Content: Friday News Editor

Heading: DAN MARTIN
Content: Features

Heading: TOM NOVINGER
Content: News Assistant

Heading: JOHANNA CRAWFORD
Content: Subscriptions Manager

Heading: DAVE STEIN
Content: Local Adv. Manager day noon for publication in the Friday edition. All letters
    must be signed and typed double-spaced: however, names may be withheld upon
    request. to e S ea n

Heading: T
Content: ^ (tm) PS ?  AE

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: AE
Content: ^

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: . I
Content: a

Heading: T
Content: >> << . and offensive language Office: Fochl Printing Co., 229 Mark>>! Sheet.
    523-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MAY 4, 1971 To the Editor: Bucknell students voted down the " People's Peace
    Treaty."  Even the treaty's supporters said it was poorly written and "
    objectionable. We think Bucknell students should now make some statement of
    what they do support in relation to South East Asia. To this end the Ad Hoc
    Com mittee to Stop the Treaty submits the following Peace Proposal 1) There
    will be an immediate and unconditional cease-fire through- deg Ut 2)^ All
    people held as prisoners of war by the North or South Viet namese, the Viet
    Cong, the Americans, or any other force operating in South Vietnam will be
    released immediately and unconditionally. 3) All military forces not native
    to South Vietnam will withdraw from South Vietnam on a published timetable
    of withdrawal. 4) An election will be held in South Vietnam with all
    poetical views represented. All ballots will be secret to safeguard against
    future re- PresS)0I1Thef fjre the prisoner release, the withdrawal, and toe
    election will be guaranteed by the governments involved and will be en
    forced by international inspection. We urge all students who consider
    themselves antiwar and who voted against toe treaty to publicly support this
    proposal. We further urge the ABS, as our official spokesmai to endorse this
    proposal. The Ad Hoc Committee to Stop the Treaty To the Editor: Your focus
    coulmn of Friday, April 23 (Focus: Counselors) was interesting,
    entertaining, and turned my stomach. . . The system is wrong, that's true.
    And hard to live with, that's ob vious. It does appear that toe de cisions
    affecting so many people for longer than a year depend almost solely upon a
    single hour-long in terview with only one of the persons involved in toe
    selections, and it might seem that it's up to each individual candidate to "
    measure up" or forget it. It's also probable that it does matter " who you
    know" in terms of references from present counselors. These are faults of
    the system. You, however, go one step further. You refer to yes-men, liars
    and apple-polishers. You're point ing to the new counselors and play ing a
    nasty little name-calling game. Whether you intended it or not, your
    generalizations got a little too specific, . . Sincerely, Patty Grier

Heading: P.S.
Content: >>' If you're so hyper about the sys tem now, why didn't you speak up before the
    selections were made? And what are you going to do to solve the problem now?

Heading: Now, Dean!
Content: To the Editor: Although the Beach Boys might not be typical of the " heavy"  su
    pergroups and Mike Love's t-shirt may not be the latest fashion, their music
    and performance this past weekend were superior in nature... Dean Landew was
    into D.Q. and Pepsi in 65; some of us didn't make that scene until
    Woodstock, when a lot of " freaks"  were getting high on nothing more than
    Pepsi and toe Airplane. Anyway, who gives a damn whether Dean flashes on
    coke or Pepsi. Those old songs brought back a lot of great memories to many
    and, anyway, would Dean object to the Beatles doing Norwegian Wood or the
    Stones doing Satisfaction in Concert? Needless to say, we are grateful that
    The Bucknellian has such " hip" reporters who give (Continued on Page 3) * f
    (Continued from Page I) lormance itself; it is here that toe vision becomes
    dramatic and the revelation is shared. In each of these three transforma
    tions the Vision judges us and finds us weak, our vision impaired, and our
    community in fragments. The audience at toe premier perform ance either did
    not know the story of the Passion or its members were mostly Protestants who
    insisted on interpreting the gospel for them selves; the sound of the
    turning of pages in toe program notes sug gested that for many the only
    vision was of faintly visible print. In a Myth-play, authority and judgement
    come from the stage, and consider ing how little rehearsal time the
    performers had with the complete text, the authority of the perform ance was
    remarkable. There are surely countless visions of this work which in each
    case open up the gap between dream and realization: the author's vision of
    what they created and of what they saw performed, the perform er's of the
    effects they wished to achieve and of what they were able to achieve, the
    audience's of what they were being challenged to ex perience and of what
    they were capable of experiencing. But such an awareness of our mutual in
    adequacies is central to the poem. In the Prologue, the Poet is con scious
    of toe weight of his belly on his soul, but he is nevertheless aware that
    his " lewd letters"  cre ate the possibility " that all tie from my time
    some profit shall take."

Heading: Redneck Country
Content: (Continued from Page 2) I offered one of my rare comments, " I doubt if they'd
    make very good fighters," and smiled inwardly at toe neutrality of my
    statement. " No, but they'd make damn good targets,"  he shouted. My nervous
    smile accompanied the roar of his laughter. He looked at me very strangely,
    no doubt suspecting that his joke (I hope it was a joke) was over my head.
    Then he switched the topic to a jumble of race and prison reforms. " And
    those rioters. They oughta shoot the whole bunch of 'em ." His eyes shouted
    a faded red, white, and blue, the colors, incidentally, of the milennia of
    flags decorating his yard. " Hell, they can leave anytime they want, right?"
    " Oh, absolutely right,"  I replied with a cleverly concealed barb at his
    political orientation. " Damn right. Christ, if those judges weren't so
    liberal, we could throw all those jerks in prison." " We?"  He eyed me with
    distrust. I was beginning to wish I had a crewcut. " Yeah,"  he said, " it's
    about time the people start doing something." I agreed with this latter
    statement, although most likely not with the im plication the gentleman had
    in mind. Fortunately as toe man was telling me with a straight face that I
    should ENLIST in the airforce rather than the other branches because air
    power is " more effective,"  his daughter came bouncing into the room, and
    we left. Whew! j

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: (Continued from Page 2) such accurate and realistic ap praisals of happenings of
    note here at Bucknell. If by chance we should miss Tom Rush, we can always
    rely on Dean to fill us in on what transpired. Respectfully yours, Rick
    Bernard and Nigel Yorwerth

Heading: ROTC Education
Content: To the Editor: Upon walking by the ROTC build ing this past Saturday morning, I
    saw in process what might be termed as Lewisburg's contribution to the "
    Selling of the Pentagon." Some of the officers and cadets of the ROTC
    program were showing Furnished efficiency apartment for Rent- Suitable for
    married couple. Available June 1st. Call 523-3043 Evenings. 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4
    4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4

Heading: Abortion
Content: 

Heading: Information
Content: Guidance for *  C E R T IF IE D G Y N E C O L O G IS T S *  C H O IC E  O F  T O
    P  P R IV A T E C L IN IC S  A N D  H O S P IT A L S *  A P P O IN T M E N T
    S A V A IL A B L E W IT H IN  2 4  H O U R S . (212) TR 7-8562

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: Certified Abortion Information All Inquiries Confidential k

Heading: nfl fli
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: A
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: j

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: Happenings
Content: 

Heading: | ABS Student Appropriations
Content: the parents and younger brothers of Bucknell students how the var ious weapons
    employed by the Army would be loaded and used. Admittedly people have
    differing reactions to this display. But in the interest of frankness, I
    suggest that future displays of this type include such things as wheel
    chairs, crutch es. and coffins. I do not think that the ROTC department
    should ignore the inevitable companions and con sequences of our military
    arsenal. Charles Herrings

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11 !30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri.-Sat. - - - 9:00 - 1:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sunday - - - - 7:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 524-2494

Heading: O P EN
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: Tue. - Thur. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m. Fri. - Sat. -1 1  am. - 1:30 am. Sun. - Mon. -
    5:00 - 12:00 p.m. 501 MARKET STREET

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: Anti-Memorial
Content: All those interested in protesting the Memorial Service planned for Wednesday,
    are asked to meet in the back room of the Bison today (Tuesday) at 11 p.m.

Heading: "Lefty5'
Content: Cocktail Theatre will present " Waiting for Lefty,"  by Clifford Odets, tomorrow
    at 7:30 p.m. in University Theatre.

Heading: Jan - Plan
Content: Students interested in the Jan Plan: " Art and Architecture in Europe" will have
    a meeting Wednesday night at 7:30 p.m. in 308, Music and Arts Building.

Heading: Indigo
Content: The new members of Indigo's Steering Committee are Betsy No lan, Chairman; Linda
    Wiedmann, Secretary-Treasurer; Linda Smith; Sport Representative; and Barb
    Picker and Peggy Block.

Heading: Scoblick
Content: A member of the Harrisburg 6, Tony Scoblick, is presently carrying on a hunger
    strike, and is consum ing nothing but liquids. He started the fast Monday
    afternoon in front of the Federal building in Harris burg. An informed
    source has stated that he is protesting the psycholo gical methods being
    used by the federal government against every body involved in the trial. The
    specific actions which he is protesting is the attempt on the part of the
    government to make friends testify against each other. Or as Scoblick has
    said, " They are bothering my friends."

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: pregnancies up to 12 weeks
Content: 

Heading: terminated from
Content: 

Heading: $175.00
Content: 

Heading: Medication, Lab Tests, Doc
Content: 

Heading: tors fees included. Hospital &
Content: 

Heading: Hospital affiliated clinics.
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 7-8803
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours - 7 days
Content: 

Heading: PHYSICIANS REFERRAL
Content: W e know  w e can help you. even if it's just to talk to som eone. Total money
    available for allocation by the ABS Student Appropria tions Committee is
    approximately $60,000. It has been allocated as listed below: The
    Bucknellian $13,541.00 Rifle Club 304.00 L'Agenda 7,180.00 Cheerleaders
    120.00

Heading: WVBU
Content: 6,665.00 Amateur Radio Club 70.00 Men's Intramurals 3,110.00 Association for

Heading: C.A.
Content: 1,900.00 Computing Machinery 60.00

Heading: WRA
Content: 1,500.00 Classes and Memorials 5,500.00 Association of ABS Operating 1,300.00
    Blacks for Progress 1,150.00 ABS Conference Cap and Dagger 1,027.50
    Committee 1,000.00 Student Information Services 975.00 ABS Jan Plan
    Committee 850.00 Different Drummer 950.00 Advisory Committee on Sailing Club
    950.00 Student Programs 3,000.00 Water Polo Club 900.00 ABS Reserve
    (approx.) 4,770.50 Tristram Debating Society International Club Bison
    Skydivers 800.00 700.00 540.00 337.00

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    A small fee is charged

Heading: STUDY SOUNDS
Content: 

Heading: IM PROVE GRAD ES
Content: Improve Grades While Devoting The Same Amount Of Time To Study

Heading: USE STUDY SOUNDS
Content: Increase Your Concentration And Improve Your Comprehension. Study At A Faster
    Rate.

Heading: ELLECTRONICALLY PRODUCED
Content: 

Heading: SOUNDS CAUSE THIS TO HAPPEN
Content: Please Specify 8 Track Caselte, or LP Record Send Check or Money Order--$9.95 Ea
    Include 75c Handling and Postage Sound Concepts, Inc.--Box 3852
    Charlottesville, Va. 22902

Heading: WHEN HUNGER STRIKES ! !-- STRIKE BACK
Content: 

Heading: CAMPUS PIZZA DELIVERY SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: PIZZAS, HOAGIES, SANDWICHES, SOFT DRINKS
Content: 

Heading: CALL GARY'S --  523-9251
Content: 

Heading: All Deliveries C.O.D. to individual rooms
Content: 

Heading: Sunday thru Thursday
Content: 

Heading: --------
Content: 

Heading: 10:30 to Midnight
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 400 Market Street Lewisburg, Pa. Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind of
    liv in g ............ You can do your own kind of dressing in fashions from

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: THE SCHAEFER 500
Content: 

Heading: AT POCONO
Content: 

Heading: Be
Content: 

Heading: on hand July 3 at Pocono International Raceway for the " Indy of the East."
Content: 

Heading: To assure yourself of prime seat location, order now with this coupon.
Content: 

Heading: Or call your nearest Ticketron outlet,
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 1

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: POCONO INTERNATIONAL RACEWAY
Content: 

Heading: P.0. BOX 500, Mt. Pocono, Pa. 18344
Content: Tel- 717-646-2300 1 #

Heading: 210
Content: 

Heading: For Rent On A College Year Basis
Content: 

Heading: COLLEGE STUDENTS W ANTED TO RENT
Content: 

Heading: FURNISHED MOBILE HOME
Content: 

Heading: Preferable 3 to 5 students. Available August 1st, 1971.
Content: 

Heading: Rent is $75.00 per month per person. This includes all
Content: 

Heading: utilities, except phone and TV Cable. Located in the
Content: 

Heading: Montandon Trailer Court. For more in formation call
Content: 

Heading: 524-0583
Content: 

Heading: Marlboro
Content: CHAMPIONSHIP TRAIL 1 SOUTH CONCOURSE } Price Per Seat Includes Gen. Adm. &
    Amusement Tax QUANTITY TYPE OF TICKETS: TERRACE GRANDSTAND . 530.00 CENTRAL
    CONCOURSE ......... 25.00 NORTH CONCOURSE............. 25.00 SOUTH
    CONCOURSE.............25.00 NORTH STRAIGHT 20.00 INFIELD-PITS
    ...................... 15.00 INFIELD GENERAL ADMISSION WILL GO ON SALE RACE
    DAY AT 5 A.M. FOR 56.00. Money Order Q Personal Check # Make payable to:
    POCONO INTERNATIONAL RACEWAY. All orders must be accompanied by check or
    money order. Be sure to make two choices of seats. 1st Choice 2nd Choice
    Name ___ A ddress. City ____ State ___ Phone __

Heading: .ZIP.
Content: MAY 4, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: -5
Content: 

Heading: >>
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: _________________________
Content: 

Heading: _
Content: 

Heading: _____________
Content: -i Schaefer Breweries. New York and Albany, N .Y., Baltimore, Md. m m m f

Heading: Andy 1
Content: 

Heading: Warhol
Content: introducing Jane Forth and Holly Woodlawn directed by Paul Morriaaey

Heading: SHOW TIMES 7:00-- 9:00
Content: 

Heading: 125TH ANNIVERSARY ISSUE
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1971
Content: 

Heading: THE RUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: Sf,
Content: 

Heading: Assists!
Content: 

Heading: Laxmen Edge Washington, 54;
Content: 

Heading: Battle with Delaware Saturday
Content: 

Heading: Racketeers Rally over Raiders;
Content: 

Heading: Engage Nittany Lions Tomorrow
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL By shutting out Washington Col lege in the second half, the Herd
    gained a 5-4 victory in lacrosse Saturday before a large Parents Day crowd.
    A goal by Dan Nourse with less than five minutes remaining in the third
    period broke a 4-4 tie and proved to be the winning score. For Nourse, who
    leads the team with 17 goals, it was his second score of the day. Earlier
    his goal had given the Bisons a short-lived 4-3 advantage. Coach Sid
    Jamieson felt that the key to the BU victory was a more disciplined offense
    than Washington. "Our offense is set up so that we play for the good shot
    whereas most teams take 50 shots a game, our total is usually between 30 and
    40." he noted. Due to the victory, the Bisons now maintain their position in
    a tie for the MAC lead. BU is now 5-1 in league play and 5-3 overall. The
    laxmen's next game, this Saturday, at Delaware, shapes up as another big
    contest. Delaware is one of the teams tied with the Herd for first place in
    the MAC, and Jamieson considers them the rough est opponent remaining on the
    sche dule. " Delaware has an extremely ag gressive team. They double-team
    often so there should be plenty of physical contact in the game."  He said.
    Balance seems to be the key to the laxmen's success thus far. Against
    Washington, all of the goals were assisted, again pointing up great teamwork
    on the part of the Bisons. " The fact that we do have such a balanced team
    means that our op ponents cannot just stop one man to beat us. They will
    have to stop a number of players to win." Dan Nourse goes for the score. The
    talented junior is the team's leading scorer with seven teen goals, (photo
    by Eric Riess) By MARK KNODERER The Bison netters overcame a game Colgate
    team, 5-4, Saturday aftemoot at home to gamer their ninth straight victory
    of the season and twenty-fourth straight over a two year period. On Friday
    after noon the team had defeated the Syracuse Orangemen, 8-1 at home.
    Colgate coach Joe Abramson used an extensive switch of his lineup to pull
    off the near miss, a tactic which was quickly dubbed the " Abramson Stack"
    offense by the Bisons. The morals of tennis state that you should always
    play your best man at the number one position, and so on, but this unwritten
    rule is not always followed. Abramson claimed injuries and personal prob
    lems forced the drastic changes, but the story does not fit. For instance:
    Geoff Steadman played sixth singles and first doubles. Steve Schindler,
    normally the third singles player, played first singles and third doubles.
    Jack Neems played at the second singles position, but did not play doubles.
    Dick Kadesch, the second singles player, was taking medical exams during the
    singles, but returned to play second doubles. Fortunately the upper half of
    the Bison ladder refused to be sha ken by the shenanigans. Steve Baird, Alex
    Anderson, and Jim Lackritz all won in singles, and Baird and Anderson won at
    first doubles. The bottom half of the ladder floundered a bit, but made a re
    spectable showing with the crucial win by frosh Bruce Kevan at sixth
    singles, and taking the second and third doubles into three sets. Ke-

Heading: Track Records
Content: van's opponent, Randy Adam, was the number one ranked junior (18 and under)
    player in New England. All singles matches were over in two sets except
    third singles. There, Lackritz won what coach Reynolds called the " crucial"
    point of the Junior Steve Baird had no trouble at all this week in
    maintaining his win streak, (photo by Bob Arnold)

Heading: P R E G N A N
Content: 

Heading: t
Content: 

Heading: T ~
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: 

Heading: Legal Abortions Without Delay
Content: match by winning the third set, 6-3. This gave the Bisons a 4-2 lead, which was
    much more acceptable than a 3-3 deadlock. Against Syracuse, only the sore
    shoulder of Bob Christianson pre vented the Bisons from a shut out.
    Christianson was the fifth singles player until the injury sidelined him two
    weeks ago. His teammates, however, had little trouble in polishing off the
    Orangemen, as only the third doubles went into three sets. The team felt
    that one of the con tributing factors to the victory over Colgate was the
    large crowd which watched the match. Coach Rey nolds refuses to make
    predictions as to the outcome of tomorrow's Penn State match, but both he
    and the team would appreciate a large audience. The Nittany Lions are the
    tough est team on this year's schedule; to see tennis at its best, come down
    to the Seventh Street courts at 3:00 p.m. tomorrow afternoon.

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: SILC0 STORE
Content: 

Heading: Golfers Parry MAC Foes;
Content: 

Heading: Bison Glovemen Split Pair
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE The linksmen picked up two big victories on Friday as they de
    feated MAC rivals Rider 5-2 and Lafayette 6-1 at home. Freshman George
    Ferantelli had low score as he completed the course in 72. From his number
    one position, captain Mark Reddy shot a 73. A pair of sophomores, Dan Stetz
    and Greg Mordas, along with junior A1 Shiftier were big double winners for
    the linksmen. The golfers are traveling to Le high today to face the
    Engineers and the GGettysburg Bullets in a tri-meet. The linksmen will then
    participate in the MAC s at Rider next Monday. By KEN DOAK The Bison
    diamondmen settled for a split with their hosts, Gettysburg, on Saturday,
    though Coach Tommy Thompson said " we should have won two."  One bad inning
    cost them a sweep and brought their record to 5-11. In the opener, Tony
    Zidansek con tinued his excellent pitching as he hurled a three-hitter to
    lead BU to a 3-1 victory. Bernie Berninger led off the game with a home-run
    to give Bucknell a lead. However, with two outs in the third, a walk and a
    double by the Bullets knotted the score. The Bisons finally won it in the
    sixth when John Rudolph belted a clutch home-run, Chris Riley fol lowed with
    a walk, and Gene Luc- carelli later scored him wiith a double to make the
    score 3-1. In the second game, the Herd built up a 4-1 lead and then watch
    ed it disappear during a six-run Gettysburg fifth inning. BU got on the
    scoreboard in the second frame when Berninger singled and later scored on a
    Mike Marinchak sacrifice fly. They got two more runs in the third when Steve
    Eek and Riley de livered base hits. Rudolph and Mar inchak then drew walks,
    and a passed ball brought home another score. Then came the disasterous
    fifth, as the Bullets bunched 4 hits and 3 walks to win 7-4. The Bisons will
    meet Susquehanna at home Thursday with Zidansek on the mound.

Heading: Set at Quantico
Content: The cindermen traveled to the Quantico Relays over the weekend. Tom Hagerty
    established a Bucknell record in the three-mile with a time of 15:13.5. At
    Quantico, Doug Nauman broke his own record in the javelin with a toss of
    222' 11" . The mile relay team ran a 3:23.3 for its best time of the season.
    Members of the quartet were Glenn McLaughlin (51.3), Paul Hermle (51.9),
    John Lamer (51.0), and Rick Francel 49.1).

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: 

Heading: I N C .
Content: 

Heading: Men's
Content: 

Heading: Knit
Content: 

Heading: SLACKS
Content: 

Heading: IN SOLID COLORS
Content: 

Heading: $11.98
Content: 

Heading: LAIDES
Content: 

Heading: SCOOTER SKIRTS
Content: 

Heading: Sizes 6 to 18
Content: D P T r p n

Heading: from $2,98 to $5.98
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER in
Content: 

Heading: EUROPE
Content: 

Heading: g JUNE 5 --  AUGUST 26
Content: 

Heading: --------
Content: 

Heading: --------------LONDON $199.
Content: 

Heading: I  JULY 9 --  AUGUST 2 3
Content: 

Heading: _______________
Content: 

Heading: LONDON $219
Content: 

Heading: CALL SALLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: SS  (Open only to B ucknell Students and Educational Staff-

Heading: I
Content: Price Based on 60 Seats)

Heading: 8 Wed. - Thur. - Fri. - Sot.
Content: ----- WHATS PLAY1NGT-

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN
Content: 

Heading: BOOED
Content: 

Heading: May 5, 6, 7, 8
Content: FOR SALE--Basic Cinematography Outfit: Bolex H-16-M camera with Pan-Cinor 85
    zoom lens. Plus light meter, close-up lens, Haze & sky filters, cable
    release, and Bolex movie titler. See the cook

Heading: I
Content: at Phi Gamma Delta.

Heading: Becker Motor Co. - YW
Content: 

Heading: A professional
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T I O N
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: that is safe, legal &
Content: 

Heading: inexpensive
Content: 

Heading: can be set up on an
Content: 

Heading: outpatient basis by calling
Content: 

Heading: The Problem Pregnancy
Content: 

Heading: Referral Service
Content: 

Heading: 215-722-5360
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours-- 7 days
Content: 

Heading: for professional, confidential
Content: 

Heading: and caring help
Content: j EXPEDITIONS -- Adventurous

Heading: I
Content: groups depart July 6 and Sept. 14, overland to Panama, and to ob serve life in a
    remote Mayan vil lage in the Quintana Roo. Details:

Heading: I
Content: Doka Expeditions Inc., 2329 Sac-

Heading: I
Content: ramento, Suite 1, San Francisco.

Heading: I
Content: 94115.

Heading: RTS- 11 & 15-- SELINSGROVE
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 743-1514
Content: 

Heading: SALES
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE --  PARTS
Content: 

Heading: COMPLETE TOWING
Content: 

Heading: & BODY SHOP WORK
Content: BOOKS -- 20,000 of all sorts! At the bookstore in Swengel, Pa., 12 miles west of
    Lewisburg. CORNELL'S COIN & STAMP SHOP We buy and sell U.S. coins and
    stamps. 35 Broadway, Milton. Open 10 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: MAY 4, 1971 !

Heading: --  EXHIBIT BY --
Content: 

Heading: g
Content: 

Heading: Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints
Content: 

Heading: g
Content: 

Heading: COLEMAN HALL LOBBY
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: Thursday, May 6 --  10 a.m. --  4 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: COME AND ASK  QUESTIONS O F
Content: 

Heading: --------------
Content: 

Heading: g
Content: 

Heading: ELDER CONRAD AND ELDER LITTLE
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: OR CALL 524-9501
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: ' S C
Content: ..#aw--

Heading: g T
Content: 

Heading: << i
Content: 

Heading: B i d
Content: - -,-w ^ * *'SS^SP i v* -~ r- (photo by Aero Service Corporation)

Heading: '125: Just the Beginning'
Content: 

Heading: A LETTER FROM THE EDITOR
Content: 

Heading: One advantage which history affords is the
Content: 

Heading: opportunity for reviewing, concluding and, conse
Content: 

Heading: quently, projecting. Bucknell University has! had
Content: 

Heading: 125 years of history, and its past is, indeed, a
Content: 

Heading: means of distinguishing the roots of contemporary
Content: 

Heading: trends and the direction of University PS(tm)wth in
Content: 

Heading: the future. In this commemorative 125th an
Content: 

Heading: niversary magazine supplement sponsored by The
Content: 

Heading: Bucknellian, some of Bucknell's past, present and
Content: 

Heading: prospects are described.
Content: 

Heading: Any kind of publication --  or writing, for
Content: 

Heading: that matter --  demands selection when content
Content: 

Heading: is decided upon and, in a magazine which initially
Content: 

Heading: attempts an overview of the years 1846-1971,
Content: 

Heading: selection obviously becomes a crucial factor. One
Content: 

Heading: can only hope that enough "flavor" of the years
Content: 

Heading: will filter through the words and pictures that
Content: 

Heading: were eventually chosen for this issue.
Content: 

Heading: Contributing writers like seniors Robert Wen-
Content: 

Heading: del, Don Thompson, Dan Miller and Eric Riess,
Content: 

Heading: junior Nicki Drew, sophomores June Heistand and
Content: 

Heading: Nancy Grden and freshman Dean Landew make
Content: 

Heading: the selection process work in this magazine because
Content: 

Heading: each in penning a particular aspect of Bucknell
Content: 

Heading: University's evolution,
Content: 

Heading: develops an essay
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: dividually characterizing various things like the
Content: 

Heading: school's growth, personalities, issues or (what
Content: 

Heading: seem now as) trivialities.
Content: 

Heading: The photographs too, submitted by Riess and
Content: 

Heading: Bob Arnold, capture amusing or pertinent " spots
Content: 

Heading: of time" in Bucknell's past and present.
Content: 

Heading: And, while selection admittedly limits the
Content: 

Heading: degree of overall comprehensiveness, it neverthe
Content: 

Heading: less offers a chance for the "best" and most in
Content: 

Heading: teresting of the years.
Content: 

Heading: This supplement to The Bucknellian is broken
Content: 

Heading: into three sections which, though divided, do blend
Content: 

Heading: themselves one-into-another as time does itself
Content: 

Heading: so naturally. "The past" consists of a series of
Content: 

Heading: features on subjects ranging from early admis
Content: 

Heading: sions requirements to a portrayal of Lewisburg
Content: 

Heading: " way back w h e n "the present" is an interview
Content: 

Heading: with four contemporary Bucknellians: two ad
Content: 

Heading: ministrators and two students; "the prospects
Content: 

Heading: records comments from leading administrators as
Content: 

Heading: to the future of this University s activity.
Content: 

Heading: While this publication is necessarily only a
Content: 

Heading: " scratching of the surface," it invites the reader
Content: 

Heading: to enjoy the retrospection and projection it otters
Content: 

Heading: --  and to see that " 125" is, clearly, "just the be
Content: 

Heading: ginning" for Bucknell University.
Content: 

Heading: --  DAVID HAMMER
Content: 

Heading: 1846 - -
Content: 

Heading: - -1971
Content: 

Heading: US
Content: 

Heading: the past
Content: 

Heading: The Golden Years
Content: By ROBERT WENDEL Focusing on the last thirty years, Buck- nell has undergone
    some relatively drastic changes which are clearly reflected in past issues
    of the student-controlled Buck nellian. And, while many students may never
    admit it, most of these changes have occurred under the administration of
    Presi dent Charles Watts. For example, one of the " big stories" of the past
    appeared in a 1939-40 edition -- and seems ironic today: " $1000 Awards Held
    By Three." It continues to read " Three freshmen arrived on campus secure in
    the knowledge that their academic mindedness had assisted them in winning
    the three competitive scholarships of $1000 each given annually by the
    University." This three thousand dollars in awards is a far cry from the
    present assistance pro gram which now reckons near a half mil lion dollars
    annually. Besides the obvious change in the assist ance program, curricula
    have also changed over the years. On the same page as the $10^0 feature, an
    almost inconspicu ous article appears which concerns Dr. Lewis E. Theiss.
    The article itself merely concerns a wedding, but the curious part is that
    Dr. Theiss was, at that time, " the head of the Bucknell Department of Journ
    alism." Journalism?

Heading: TRADITIONALLY SPEAKING
Content: One fact becomes perfectly clear in surveying past issues of the student news
    paper: Bucknell was truly " steeped" in tradition. Every year, one of the
    most important stories concerned Freshman Rules, and 1939 was no exception.
    One headline read, " New Style Dink is Now Custom on B.U. Campus;"  it is a
    sad re minder of days gone by in which freshman " hazing" occurred on a
    University-wide level. The story continues: " The 'mourning garb' of the
    lowly frosh (dinks, black ties and black socks > has been the tradition oi
    traditions at Bucknell for many years. All freshmen wear the traditional
    garb until the Senior Tribunal decides when dinks may be put in mothballs,
    or until the Frosh have smeared the faces of their more elevated Sophomore
    brothers with the gore of bat tie." From this article, two things become
    self-evident. One is that the school, in general, understood and practiced
    their traditions seriously; also, the Bucknellian played a major role in
    defending those traditions. Probably the single most revealing thing about
    BucknelTs past which may be de termined from the Bucknellian series is that
    a tremendous emphasis was placed on sports activity. Football stories more
    often than not were considered as front page news; sports reporting amounted
    to nearly half of the news copy for any given issue, too. It was not unusual
    to see an article concerning an upcoming pep-rally or an intra-mural "
    slugfest" on page one. Along with its emphasis on sports, Buck nell was a
    deeply religious institution, and a dramatic change in the University over
    the years has been its slow transition from a strongly sectarian school to a
    non-sec tarian one. (Gone forever are the days when attendance at chapel was
    compul sory. )

Heading: STEADY SHIFT
Content: One of the major reasons for this re versal in orientation has been the shift
    from its being a strictly local college to a university with a national
    reputation and relatively diverse student body. Where in the " golden years"
    past the school was composed mostly of peaceful farmers and a good number of
    Quakers, the character of the school now is defined by an influx of New
    York, Philadelphia and New Jersey residents -- many of whom are Jewish. And
    with this influx of more highly academic-oriented students came a more
    liberal faculty, presidents and, of course, students. Although the trend
    seems obvious in retrospect, it was anything but sudden. By 1953, a major
    difference in emphasis by the school newspaper could be felt in the obvious
    omissions of both sports and religious activities from the front page. Gone
    as well was the extensive " Society" section which 'prior to this point in
    time' had scrutinized what seem now as the most trivial events of the Greek
    calendar. Con currently with this pattern, it seems that the Greek system
    itself was beginning to take a " back seat" to more important issues on
    campus -- although the in overall activities was still very significant in
    the 1950's. But individuals were thinking along fluence of fraternities and
    sororities on the nationally-oriented lines, despite the con tinued
    influence of the Greek social world -- as evidenced in a column entitled "
    Color, Religious and Racial Discrimination at Bucknell" in the Oct. 6, 1950
    issue of The Bucknellian. In this article, the writer was well-ahead of his
    time when he stated " We Tike to believe' as Americans living in a land of
    the free under Democratic morals and principles that we are truly Demo
    cratic. Unfortunately for Bucknell, what we should Tike to believe' and what
    is the 'truth' are two relatively incompatible points." The column, on the
    whole, refers spe cifically to the fraternities -- and to man kind, in
    general. However, despite such individual stands, the majority of students
    would have sided at this time with the Editor's comment following the
    article: " Columnist Unger's views do not necessarily represent those of the
    paper. It is hoped that someone will answer his fraternity condemnation."
    Buck nell simply was not ready for the college " Liberal;" everyone seemed
    too interested in drinking and playing sports.

Heading: NEW IMAGE
Content: A major change in the Bucknellian oc curred in 1960, reflecting a new campus
    concern and a new Bucknell image. National issues arose throughout the
    paper, and not merely in single editorials. The big concern at that time was
    the Nixon- Kennedy presidential campaign, and the newspaper carried at least
    two articles a week addressing it. The series of articles was climaxed by a
    campus-wide, mock election to see who the " average" Bucknell student
    favored in the upcoming election. The results: al though the campus favored
    Nixon 2:1, what is impressive is that " almost half of those who voted for
    Kennedy voted dif

Heading: Compliments of
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: MAEmmm
Content: Wml(r) . _________ , ;V - ferently than their family, whereas only live percent
    did so in voting for Nixon." It seems that the Bucknell student was, more or
    less, beginning to demonstrate a liberal trend, and it was this trend which
    sparked serious inquiries on campus re garding students rights, concerns and
    free doms. The important student questions were being asked in the 1960's. A
    perusal of the editorial page of the newspaper in 1960 uncovers the
    following self-explanatory titles: " Discrimination;" " Women's Stu dent
    Government: What for?;"  " SFC -- Yawn?" : " Wake U p!" And these questions
    set the stage for changes which occurred over the next ten years:
    elimination of compulsory chapel; elimination of SFC and its subsequent
    replacement by ABS; re duction from five courses per semester to four; and
    elimination of compulsory ROTC. It can only be hoped that objective criti
    cism of the University will continue in the future, as has been the trend
    over the past ten years; for, clearly, if the students ac complish as much
    in the next ten years as was achieved in the decade past, Bucknell might
    just start to approach what may be known as "the Golden Years."

Heading: IEWISBURG:
Content: 

Heading: Expanding Town
Content: By NICKI DREW The activity of Lewisburg revolved, in 1846, around its waterways.
    The Susquehanna River was not adequate for the town's growing commerce and,
    in 1833, the citizens were therefore granted a cross-cut canal which was
    responsible (by the time the University was founded) for much of Lewisburg's
    commerce, industry and recreation. Indeed, much of Lewisburg's industry de
    pended on water. The resulting ship-build ing business, flour mill, woolen
    mill and saw mill relied on the streams and the canal, naturally, for power.
    As the mills grew, so did the town -- and with that growth came other, small
    busi nesses. Donehower's Store (1877) and Gundy's Hat Shop are two obvious
    ex amples. Others, including a nail factory, brick yard and chair factory
    (which has since become a general furniture outlet) also helped make
    Lewisburg a center for industry in this area.

Heading: CULTURAL APPETITE
Content: Besides the small-industrial growth, Lewisburg's cultural appetite was satisfied
    by its own Opera House which resided in the area behind (what is now) the
    post office. According to a longtime Lewisburg resident, Robert Donehower,
    the House seated from twelve to fifteen hundred patrons; it featured such
    personages as Henrietta Crozman, DeWolf Hopper and Eva Tanguay (do they ring
    a bell?^ and shows including Mistress Nell, " High Henry's Minstrels" and
    the Follies. When it was destroyed by a fire over fifty years ago -- and
    never replaced -- perhaps one could say that Lewisburg's cultural life went
    up in smoke. Other " institutions" were dominant in Lewisburg's past, too.
    The Railroad was an important part of the town -- and a significant means of
    transportation for many students attending the steadily-ex panding
    University. Market Street: 'One and only' ( photo by Allan H. Jodrey) | %

Heading: RELATIONSHIP CHANGE
Content: The University expanded concomitantly with Lewisburg's growth; indeed, the " Uni
    versity has always been closely tied with the life of the town" as John
    Zeller, Vice President of Administration and Finance explains. In fact, most
    Lewisburg children more often than not attended the University when they
    graduated from high school in the distant past. However, the past twenty
    years has led to a change in the relationship between residents of the town
    and college students themselves. In the past, the students neces sarily
    interacted closely with the town: most of the fraternities had houses down
    town; those who were not Greek lived in town boarding-houses; because there
    was no chapel on campus, many students were involved with local church
    activities; and the bookstores and mail service were located in Lewisburg.
    Now, interaction need not occur to such an extent because of the increased
    facilities on campus. But as Zeller describes, there has al ways ' seemed to
    be an elemental gap be tween students and town residents in every college
    town -- no matter how much inter action superficially exists: indeed, the "
    townspeople have always thought that the students were crazy, and the
    students have always thought that the townspeople were hicks -- and they're
    both wrong. The construction of the Federal Peni tentiary in 1932, another
    large Lewisburg- based institution, caused so much joy to the citizens that
    it was opened with a gala celebration.

Heading: By JUNE HEISTAND
Content: 

Heading: ALMA MATER
Content: 

Heading: Samuel Sears Merriman, who graduated from
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell in 1886, composed the school's alma
Content: 

Heading: mater in 1897 when that year's graduating class
Content: 

Heading: requested " Dear Bucknell" for a songbook they
Content: 

Heading: were publishing.
Content: 

Heading: "OLD MAIN'S' DESIGN
Content: 

Heading: The plans for " Old Main" (now Roberts Hall)
Content: 

Heading: were a gift to the newly-founded University by
Content: 

Heading: Thomas U. Walter, designer of the House and
Content: 

Heading: Senate wings of the Capitol in Washington, D.C.
Content: 

Heading: The original designs for the building provided for
Content: 

Heading: centrally-located classrooms and student rooms
Content: 

Heading: in each wing.
Content: 

Heading: A LOT OF 'BULL'
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell teams had no nickname sixty-five
Content: 

Heading: years ago. To remedy that situation, the late
Content: 

Heading: William C. Bartol, professor of both mathematics
Content: 

Heading: and astronomy, and coach of the baseball team,
Content: 

Heading: suggested that the designation " Bisons" be adopt
Content: 

Heading: ed for
Content: 

Heading: geographical
Content: 

Heading: reasons.
Content: 

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: University
Content: 

Heading: campus lies at the eastern end of the Buffalo
Content: 

Heading: Valley, one of the last " stomping grounds" for
Content: 

Heading: the American bison. In fact, the last buffalo in
Content: 

Heading: this area was shot in 1801, two miles from
Content: 

Heading: Memorial Stadium.
Content: 

Heading: THE ORANGE AND BLUE
Content: 

Heading: In 1887, increasingly aware that most col
Content: 

Heading: leges were identifying themselves with colors,
Content: 

Heading: the students of Bucknell voted that orange and
Content: 

Heading: blue become the colors of their University. Ten
Content: 

Heading: years after, the first issue of a weekly newspaper
Content: 

Heading: was published, named the
Content: 

Heading: Orange and Blue --
Content: 

Heading: student vote later changed it to
Content: 

Heading: The Bucknellian.
Content: 

Heading: ALUMNI RELATIONS
Content: 

Heading: Through one of its alumni, Bucknell has left
Content: 

Heading: its mark on the state of Alaska. Charles E. Bun
Content: 

Heading: nell, who received Bachelor's, Master's and Honor
Content: 

Heading: ary degrees from Bucknell, was the founder and
Content: 

Heading: first president of the University of Alaska; until
Content: 

Heading: his retirement in 1949, he was considered the fore
Content: 

Heading: most educator in the territory.
Content: 

Heading: Around the world: Bucknell 'University has
Content: 

Heading: become known in Argentina via a contribution to
Content: 

Heading: international education. In 1963, the University
Content: 

Heading: signed a contract with the Agency for Interna
Content: 

Heading: tional Development of the State Department.
Content: 

Heading: Under the direction of Dean Herbert Eckberg,
Content: 

Heading: the College of Engineering assisted the University
Content: 

Heading: of Cordoba, Argentina, to improve its undergrad
Content: 

Heading: uate engineering program.
Content: 

Heading: LARSON AND BUCKNELL
Content: 

Heading: Jens Frederick Larson, architect for the soon-
Content: 

Heading: to-be-completed University Center, was first em
Content: 

Heading: ployed by Bucknell in 1932 when the Trustees
Content: 

Heading: approved a plan to re-organize the campus in an
Content: 

Heading: effort to make it as " architectually beautiful as
Content: 

Heading: possible." Larson devoted a full year to the de
Content: 

Heading: velopment of a general plan for the University --
Content: 

Heading: and to the construction of a model-in-miniature of
Content: 

Heading: the future campus. The first completed unit of
Content: 

Heading: the new plan was the Vaughan Literature Build
Content: 

Heading: ing, which was financed with the insurance money
Content: 

Heading: collected from the then-recent fire in " Old Main."
Content: 

Heading: FIRST AND FOREMOST
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell has had some real '"firsts." Among
Content: 

Heading: them: the new college Bookstore of 1958 was one
Content: 

Heading: of the first self-service stores of its kind in the
Content: 

Heading: country. Also, when students moved into "Old
Content: 

Heading: Main," they found themselves residing in a build
Content: 

Heading: ing which, in 1850, was the nation's largest Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity edifice. In 1935, the Bucknell Bisons de
Content: 

Heading: feated the University of Miami in the first
Content: 

Heading: Orange Bowl game. The score: 26-0.
Content: 

Heading: ONLY ONE MORE TO GO
Content: 

Heading: In 1962, the University commenced a ten-year
Content: 

Heading: development campaign to provide Bucknell with
Content: 

Heading: increased capital for endowments, three new build
Content: 

Heading: ings (a chapel, women's residence hall and campus
Content: 

Heading: center), the renovation of Harris Hall, a Science
Content: 

Heading: Research Center as an annex to Dana Engineer
Content: 

Heading: ing and a one-story building to connect Coleman
Content: 

Heading: and Marts Halls. Of the seven projects, six are
Content: 

Heading: finished --  the last will be completed in August,
Content: 

Heading: 1971.
Content: il Ifo/'jJE \

Heading: .,,..I
Content: 

Heading: Generations of Identity
Content: 

Heading: By DEAN LANDEW
Content: 

Heading: e, according to Thomas Mann, has
Content: 

Heading: -isions to mark its passage. Although
Content: 

Heading: ncestry and progeny must be parts
Content: 

Heading: continuum, we would be foolish to
Content: 

Heading: e that each generation drifts through
Content: 

Heading: at some discernible character. And, as
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell student since 1846 belongs to
Content: 

Heading: a time continuum, each generation of
Content: 

Heading: nell students bears an identity.
Content: 

Heading: educated person could deny eithei
Content: 

Heading: ihanges which have occurred in ideas
Content: 

Heading: life styles over the past fifty years or
Content: 

Heading: time itself which has passed. Asked
Content: 

Heading: iok back, five former Bucknell stu-
Content: 5

Heading: do reflect this passage of time anti
Content: 

Heading: :hanges in that time since their grad-
Content: 

Heading: m Representing each of the past five
Content: 

Heading: ides are Mr. George Schuyler '21.
Content: 

Heading: i Trennie Eisley '31, Mr. Roger Haddon
Content: 

Heading: Mrs. Olga Keyes '56 and Mr. Tom
Content: 

Heading: Ison '66.
Content: 

Heading: ime of the most obvious changes over
Content: 

Heading: range of fifty years are seen in the
Content: 

Heading: es and stvles of youth. According to
Content: 

Heading: now retired Schuyler a former joimnah
Content: 

Heading: and publicity man who was the otticer
Content: 

Heading: >harge of the Pacific "Stars and Stripes
Content: 

Heading: vspaper in the Army at one tim-. Buck-
Content: 

Heading: 1 students in 1921 enjoyed dances at fra-
Content: 

Heading: nit es with the music of Paul Whiteman s
Content: 

Heading: hestra Playing on a Victrola. Refresh
Content: 

Heading: e s  consisted of ice cream
Content: 

Heading: hsolutelv no liquor was allowed,
Content: 

Heading: says
Content: 

Heading: huyler, "and cigarettes were frowned
Content: 

Heading: STUDENT CONFORMITY
Content: 

Heading: Once a
Content: month,

Heading: these dances had live
Content: 

Heading: itertainment in "Diffy's Col|(r)Se
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: *

Heading: udent combo. Otherwise. Bucknell men
Content: 

Heading: could only call on women from 8 to 10 at
Content: 

Heading: night
Content: 

Heading: "You conducted conversations in
Content: 

Heading: large, well-chaperoned rooms,'' mentions
Content: 

Heading: Miss Eisley, now Director of Public Re
Content: 

Heading: lations here, explains that there is the
Content: 

Heading: same conformity among students now tiw
Content: 

Heading: there was then. "I think this has always
Content: 

Heading: been typical of student life," she say>>.
Content: 

Heading: #Styles change,
Content: 

Heading: but conformity
Content: 

Heading: doesnt
Content: 

Heading: change." The social life of students in the
Content: 

Heading: Thirties was almost entirely restricted to
Content: 

Heading: fraternities and sororities. Dances were
Content: 

Heading: held in the Women's Dining Hall and were
Content: 

Heading: very formal, "much more so than now,
Content: 

Heading: says Miss Eisley. Big bands were in an
Content: 

Heading: four formal dances a year were held. Glenn
Content: 

Heading: Miller was one of many popular groups to
Content: 

Heading: perform here then.
Content: 

Heading: WEEKEND DATES
Content: 

Heading: In the post-World War II years, Haddon.
Content: 

Heading: a practicing attorney and President ot the
Content: 

Heading: Sunbury Broadcasting Company, says that
Content: 

Heading: dress and hair were not even topics ot
Content: 

Heading: conversation. "The only exHemes of dre*
Content: 

Heading: were mainly in the non-college world.
Content: 

Heading: IK
Content: 

Heading: adds that today it is "camp
Content: 

Heading: to be non
Content: conformist, but ''today'snon-conlonwst

Heading: the world's greatest conformist.
Content: 

Heading: Students
Content: 

Heading: enjoyed big band music in the Fortiesh too,
Content: 

Heading: although
Content: 

Heading: performers like Stan Kentoi ,
Content: 

Heading: Haddon states, were considered heretics
Content: 

Heading: at the time.
Content: 

Heading: The Fifties brought in fazz, says Mr .
Content: 

Heading: Keyes, now a secretary in New York and
Content: 

Heading: "hallads were pretty big, too.
Content: 

Heading: The Friaa>
Content: and1

Heading: Saturday night date was what many
Content: 

Heading: students waited for, dancing
Content: 

Heading: clo,e with
Content: 

Heading: personal contact, laughs Mis^ Key *
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: wore short hair, of course, and there was
Content: 

Heading: no drug problem. "There wasn't even much
Content: 

Heading: of a drinking problem," she notes. The
Content: 

Heading: strictest rules were left for freshmen girls
Content: 

Heading: who had to be in by 8 during the week,
Content: 

Heading: although 8 times during the semester they
Content: 

Heading: could remain out until 11.
Content: 

Heading: Only five years ago, says Carlson, w o
Content: 

Heading: now teaches English at Rutgers University
Content: 

Heading: dungarees were "sort of at the left of the
Content: 

Heading: spectrum." He mentions that standard roc*
Content: 

Heading: and roll bands were in vogue then, and
Content: 

Heading: that the fraternity party was "very, very
Content: 

Heading: much of a cliche," although he says he
Content: 

Heading: is not sorry he went through it. The es
Content: 

Heading: sential feeling of student style in 1966, he
Content: 

Heading: now relates, was "a shaggy preppiness
Content: 

Heading: "It had a foreshadowing of decadence m it,
Content: 

Heading: a sense of being on the brink of something.
Content: 

Heading: film s
Content: 

Heading: a n d
Content: 

Heading: liter a tu r e
Content: 

Heading: It is now common to think of youth styles
Content: 

Heading: and tastes
Content: 

Heading: through the reflections
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: films and literature. Neither held much of
Content: 

Heading: a place in student life at Bucknell until
Content: 

Heading: after World War II. The absence of paper
Content: 

Heading: backs and the scarcity of money made out
Content: 

Heading: side reading all the more difficult in the
Content: 

Heading: Twenties and Thirties.
Content: "There

Heading: was more
Content: 

Heading: emphasis on social life,
Content: 

Heading: sa;ys_ Miss Eh
Content: & ^

Heading: "We weren't encouraged to read the way
Content: 

Heading: they are now."
Content: 

Heading: Bv the late Forties. Haddon entions that
Content: 

Heading: the esoteric trend among students was read-
Content: 

Heading: Z
Content: 

Heading: James Joyce and Thomas Wolfe^ Mrs.
Content: 

Heading: Keyes remembers that The Caine Mutiny
Content: 

Heading: and Cat on a Hot Tin Hoof were
Content: 

Heading: idd
Content: 

Heading: read in her years here
Content: 

Heading: and that trie
Content: 

Heading: Hollywood extravaganza film, like
Content: 

Heading: Gig .
Content: 

Heading: was in demand.
Content: 

Heading: She also sees a difference in the type ot
Content: 

Heading: movie actors which are currently PdegPu1" "
Content: 

Heading: "Thdeg anti-hero type is m favor now. The
Content: 

Heading: closest we had was James Dean.
Content: 

Heading: Carlson
Content: 

Heading: cites movies such as "Intruders in the
Content: 

Heading: Dust"
Content: 

Heading: and "The Brothers Karamazov
Content: 

Heading: which were packing Vaughan Literature
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: '##fiSs
Content: 

Heading: a M if
Content: 

Heading: #> f
Content: 

Heading: ifer'lS # '
Content: 

Heading: >>,.#*>>
Content: 

Heading: . *
Content: 

Heading: A *d il. i-jdl::*.
Content: 

Heading: m m
Content: 

Heading: IT
Content: 

Heading: f- j r - K '
Content: 

Heading: XiJtl
Content: 

Heading: <<
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: ' I ga w-- f  "
Content: 

Heading: /***.
Content: 

Heading: The
Content: Bucknell

Heading: Bison
Content: Band--

Heading: 1953
Content: 

Heading: Auditorium as the English honorary here
Content: 

Heading: got the funds to bring films onto campus.
Content: 

Heading: The sense of political and social aware
Content: 

Heading: ness among students has seen many dif
Content: 

Heading: ferent days in fifty years as well -- im
Content: 

Heading: plicitly shown by a description of the first
Content: 

Heading: few decades in that period. In 1921, Schuy
Content: 

Heading: ler says simply of dissent, "there wasn't
Content: 

Heading: any." He states that it was very popular to
Content: 

Heading: be patriotic, and that actual politics was
Content: 

Heading: left to the adults outside. This didn't stop
Content: 

Heading: the students at the time from raising two
Content: 

Heading: ambulance companies who eventual'- went
Content: 

Heading: to France in World War I. There w
Content: 

Heading: also
Content: 

Heading: a Student Army Training Corps on cai pus.
Content: 

Heading: Miss Eisley notes that students
Content: in

Heading: the
Content: 

Heading: Thirties, the
Content: 

Heading: Depression years,
Content: 

Heading: weren't
Content: 

Heading: thinking too deeply about the direction in
Content: 

Heading: which Roosevelt was beginning to steer the
Content: 

Heading: country, but rather, "Where am I going to
Content: 

Heading: get the money for groceries?" She did men
Content: 

Heading: tion certain campus events, such as a three
Content: 

Heading: day institute on human relations, which
Content: 

Heading: SPORTS:
Content: 

Heading: Student Heroes
Content: 

Heading: By DAN MILLER
Content: 

Heading: Many years ago, in a little town tucked
Content: 

Heading: away in central Pennsylvania, there was
Content: 

Heading: a center of higher education called Bucknell
Content: 

Heading: University. Much of the time the students
Content: 

Heading: worried about exams, compulsory chapel,
Content: 

Heading: classes and a smoking room for women.
Content: 

Heading: But for entertainment they avidly followed
Content: 

Heading: the exploits of their heroes: the student-
Content: 

Heading: athletes.
Content: 

Heading: In an ever increasing variety of ways,
Content: 

Heading: the student-athletes pitted sinew and cun
Content: 

Heading: ning against gladiators from other insti
Content: 

Heading: tutions. The result of this continual struggle
Content: 

Heading: was the evolution of a rich collection of
Content: 

Heading: stories and myths about the individuals
Content: 

Heading: ers, and history notes his outstanding per
Content: 

Heading: formances in the NFL by his spot in the
Content: 

Heading: Professional Football Hall of fame.
Content: 

Heading: More recent BU warriors include the
Content: 

Heading: "Touchdown Twins" of the 1951 Bison grid-
Content: 

Heading: men. Brad Meyers and Burt Talmage pro
Content: 

Heading: pelled their team to an undefeated season
Content: 

Heading: that year. Meyers gained 1069 yards and
Content: 

Heading: Talmage ground out 1025. At the time, it
Content: 

Heading: was the first backfield in Eastern football
Content: 

Heading: history to have two halfbacks with over
Content: 

Heading: 1000 yards to their credit. Both runners
Content: 

Heading: tallied 14 touchdowns and 84 points over
Content: 

Heading: the course of the season. However, they
Content: 

Heading: were nosed out from the scoring leadership
Content: 

Heading: in the East by a running back from West
Content: 

Heading: Chester State who collected 85 points. His
Content: 

Heading: name was Fred Prender, now coach of
Content: 

Heading: the Bisons.
Content: 

Heading: Another name that crops up when talk
Content: 

Heading: ing about the Bisons is Tom Mitchell's.
Content: 

Heading: After the 1985 season, Mitchell had every
Content: 

Heading: pass receiving record in the Bison record
Content: 

Heading: Scene of the First Game played in Memorial Stadium--1924
Content: 

Heading: were indicative of some concern for inter-
Content: 

Heading: who represented Bucknell in these en-
Content: 

Heading: book.
Content: 

Heading: He achieved Little All-American
Content: 

Heading: national affairs.
Content: 

Heading: counters.
Content: 

Heading: status and managed the winning touchdown
Content: 

Heading: Mrs. Keyes feels that students in her
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: in the Senior Bowl. Mitchell is now playing
Content: 

Heading: time seemed to derive "more joy" out of
Content: 

Heading: The team's "nickname" was first the
Content: 

Heading: end for the NFL Champion
Content: 

Heading: Baltimore
Content: 

Heading: the time they spent in college than students
Content: 

Heading: Timberwolves and, later, the Wildcats --
Content: 

Heading: Colts.
Content: 

Heading: now. "We didn't feel we had the qualifi-
Content: 

Heading: until Professor William C. Bartol suggested
Content: 

Heading: The Thundering Herd thundered on the
Content: 

Heading: cations to judge the professors, to generally
Content: 

Heading: they be called the Bisons. In view of the
Content: 

Heading: hardwood floor of Tustin Gym during the
Content: 

Heading: analyze the whole educational system and
Content: 

Heading: alliterative properties of Bucknell Bisons,
Content: 

Heading: beginning of its history. Tustin was re
Content: 

Heading: method of teaching." Now she feels it's
Content: 

Heading: this was an intriguing suggestion. It was
Content: 

Heading: ported to be one of the finest Gymnasiums
Content: 

Heading: good to raise questions, "But experience
Content: 

Heading: also in keeping with the geography of a
Content: 

Heading: of the time, and the first roundball contest
Content: 

Heading: is still very important,"
Content: 

Heading: she adds.
Content: 

Heading: region where names like "Buffalo Valley"
Content: 

Heading: was played there in 1895, when the Herd
Content: 

Heading: All five feel strongly, in fact, about the
Content: 

Heading: and "Buffalo Crossroads" abound.
Content: 

Heading: lost to The Danville YMCA, 3-2. (At that
Content: 

Heading: quality of their own educations. None of
Content: 

Heading: The first encounter on the gridiron in-
Content: 

Heading: time, Tustin was scarcely one year old.)
Content: 

Heading: them regret or feel bitter about their
Content: 

Heading: volving the Thundering Herd occurred in
Content: 

Heading: The cagers rapidly
Content: 

Heading: improved, however;
Content: 

Heading: time at Bucknell. Miss Eiseley, an English
Content: 

Heading: 1881 when they lost
Content: 

Heading: to Penn State, 9-0.
Content: 

Heading: the records indicate
Content: 

Heading: that the 1903 team
Content: 

Heading: major and first female editor of The
Content: 

Heading: Since then BU warriors have come home
Content: 

Heading: beat Philadelphia College of Pharmacy,
Content: 

Heading: Bucknellian, says, "I got a better educa-
Content: 

Heading: with their shields 377
Content: 

Heading: times, and on them
Content: 

Heading: 159-5. Even if this
Content: 

Heading: is a mistake, there
Content: 

Heading: tion than I realized at the time. Only time
Content: 

Heading: 3,6. During this time there have been two
Content: 

Heading: seems to be no question that John Anderson
Content: 

Heading: will tell if you really get a good educa-
Content: 

Heading: Lambert Cups and one victory
Content: 

Heading: in an
Content: 

Heading: scored 80 points in that game. Since then
Content: 

Heading: tion or not." She views college generally as
Content: 

Heading: Orange Bowl, too.
Content: 

Heading: a number of hoopsters have become un-
Content: 

Heading: a sort of "self-education process." As for
Content: 

Heading: It was January 1935 when E. E. "Hooks"
Content: 

Heading: mortalized by their exploits on the court,
Content: 

Heading: school itself she says, "Bucknell is defi-
Content: 

Heading: Mylins accepted an invitation to play in
Content: 

Heading: Joe Steiner tallied 506 points in one season;
Content: 

Heading: nitely more liberal now than then, but
Content: 

Heading: the Third Orange Blossom Festival with
Content: 

Heading: James Wherry scored 42 points when the
Content: 

Heading: then society is "
Content: 

Heading: the University of Miami. The Herd totally
Content: 

Heading: Herd upset Penn State in 1967; and "Moose
Content: 

Heading: Schuyler did say that he probably would
Content: 

Heading: outclassed Miami and came home with a
Content: 

Heading: Danzig dropped in more free throws and
Content: 

Heading: have hoped to go to "Missouri or Colum-
Content: 

Heading: 26-0 victory. Mylin was extremely cautious
Content: 

Heading: pulled down more rebounds than anyone
Content: 

Heading: bia" for their journalism possibilities, but
Content: 

Heading: about the health of the team he took to
Content: 

Heading: else in a three year varsity career,
Content: 

Heading: that geography and economy limited him
Content: 

Heading: Miami: the Herd carried along 280 quarts
Content: 

Heading: The BU Squad with the longest history of
Content: 

Heading: at the time. Mrs. Keyes views her educa-
Content: 

Heading: of Buffalo Valley tap water to avoid up-
Content: 

Heading: dominance is the swimming team. Started
Content: 

Heading: tion as "adequate," but now
Content: 

Heading: feels "the
Content: 

Heading: setting their condition on foreign
Content: 

Heading: water.
Content: 

Heading: in 1956 under Coach Bob Latour, who had
Content: 

Heading: l
Content: 

Heading: more education you have, the better off
Content: 

Heading: The Herd has producer its share of
Content: 

Heading: rolled up an impressive prep school record,
Content: 

Heading: you are " Haddon notes a greater con-
Content: 

Heading: stellar performers as well as some potent
Content: 

Heading: the Herd won its first championship in
Content: 

Heading: scousness over jobs in the late Forties,
Content: 

Heading: grid teams.
Content: 

Heading: 1950. Since then, there have been seven
Content: 

Heading: but that it was only reflective of the post-
Content: 

Heading: Clarke Hinkle, who played for Bucknell
Content: 

Heading: MAC Championships and the 1964 NCAA
Content: 

Heading: war vears in general.
Content: 

Heading: "The quality of
Content: 

Heading: from 1929-1931, is probably the most famous
Content: 

Heading: College Division Championship. Greg Olson,
Content: 

Heading: education was every bit as good then as
Content: 

Heading: Bison gridder that "made good."
Content: 

Heading: In his
Content: 

Heading: the foremost all-around swimmer used to
Content: 

Heading: now if not better." As for his own educa-
Content: 

Heading: career, he scored 37 TD's and 230 points
Content: 

Heading: break records in the 1300 and 500 yard
Content: 

Heading: tion: "It was a building block in the past
Content: 

Heading: as a halfback and place-kicker. Otherwise
Content: 

Heading: freestyle events -- in the same meet,
Content: 

Heading: which I appreciate. Academically it was a
Content: 

Heading: known as the "Lackawanna
Content: 

Heading: Express,"
Content: 

Heading: Olson also played tight defense on the
Content: 

Heading: good choice."
Content: 

Heading: Hinkle graduated to the Green Bay Pack-
Content: 

Heading: waterpolo team that ranked third in the
Content: cific requirements tor any science or matn knowledge, even if the student were
    enter ing the "scientific course." The 1900-01 University Catalogue outlines
    the information which a student would be expected to know for the entrance
    examin ation which was given to the freshman class the day it arrived on
    campus. Students were expected to be competent in "writing from dictation,
    English gram mar. . .and no candidate will be accepted in English whose work
    is notably defective in spelling, punctuation, idiom or division into
    paragraphs."

Heading: GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
Content: The student was also expected to have a general knowledge of books such as Ivan-

Heading: hoe, The Vicar of Wakefield, Silas Mamer
Content: and others. He was supposed to have know ledge about the metric system,
    quadratic equations, the histories of Greece, Rome and the United States and
    geography. He likewise was required to be able to do free hand drawing, and
    to "commit to memory as much English poetry as possible." The admissions
    situation at the University changed considerably with the advent of World
    War H, however. Before the war, enrollment had been approximately 1200
    students <800 men and 400 women) -- the same 2:1 ratio as exists presently.
    With the war, though, the University population was almost entirely female.
    "Men's dorms were used for women, and even some of the fraternity houses
    like Kappa Sigma, Delta Upsilon and Phi Gamma Delta were used as living
    quarters for women," explained Heller. "The University was obliged to take
    more women to keep it functioning, despite he previous 2:1 ratio in favor of
    the men."

Heading: POST-WAR BOOM
Content: After the war, the 2:1 ratio became the norm again. "Veterans were returning to
    '.he University to complete their college education where they had left off
    before the war began: others were taking ad vantage of the GI Bill: still
    others were just then approaching college age," Zeller indicated. "The
    enrollment nearly doubled and. in 1949. there were 642 graduates -- the
    largest graduating class for the Uni versity to that date." "After this
    post-war boom in college en rollment. a small slack in enrollment num bers
    was felt, due mostly to the accompany ing economic slump of the U.S. after
    the war," as Fitz Walling, director of admis sions. explained. "At this
    time, there were two men in the admissions department, and they had to
    commence recruiting again as a result of the slump. Throughout the early and
    middle fifties, however, admis sions picked up. Zeller indicated that "the
    boom of stu dent enrollments in colleges and universi ties across the
    country during the fifties is still expanding, but it is likely to level off
    in the next ten or fifteen years." Reasons for this include the facts that
    "the number of births since the 'baby boom' in the fifties has decreased and
    the cost of a college education is climbing steadily." "A lot depends on
    what happens eco nomically in the U.S. -- the outcome will determine whether
    students will be able to afford attendance at private universi ties." "In
    fact, if costs continue to rise, we may get to the point where we would
    operate as we did in the thirties: that is, actively recruiting students to
    attend the Uni versity." By NANCY GRDEN "Before World War II, students could
    actually walk in on the day of registration and be admitted to the
    University right on the spot," reminisced John Zeller, Vice President of
    Administration & Finance, as he reflected on the history of the admissions
    process at the University. During the period between the founding of the
    University in 1846 and the end of World War II, there was actually no stan
    dard admissions process: anyone who wanted to enroll -- and could afford it
    -- was admitted. The admissions staff itself consisted of one man who had
    the job of recruiting students and publicizing the University's name.
    Intercollegiate sports were, perhaps, the primary means of promoting the Uni
    versity. "This technique was used by most colleges, and is, still widely
    practiced to day," remarked Zeller. "If you can de velop a good team, then
    your name will be more widely known. This was one of the factors which
    justified intercollegiate sports." The University also scheduled its Glee
    Club, orchestra and other student organi zations on annual tours in towns
    and high schools with the future hope of publicizing the University's
    reputation. The Baptist Church played an integral role in recruiting
    students for the Uni versity before and during World War II, even though it
    neither supported nor con trolled the school. Admissions requirements
    themselves were considerably less stringent before World War II, as
    indicated earlier. For example, in the University Catalogue for the aca
    demic year 1851-52, the "required age for admission is fifteen. The student
    must also prove himself conversant with English Grammar, Arithmetic,
    Geography, the La tin and Greek grammars, the prose part of the Greek
    Reader, two books of Caesar's Commentaries and four books of Virgil's
    Aeneid. It is also recommended that the student be acquainted with Algebra
    through simple equations.

Heading: SCIENTIFIC COURSE'
Content: "To enter the scientific course, the stu dent must prove himself conversant with
    the above English studies, and some ele mentary history of the United
    States. He must also be able to write respectable English compositions."
    There are no spe East in 1969.

Heading: THE BIG LEAGUES
Content: In the springtime, the Herd turns to the diamond where some of the most impres
    sive exploits have been recorded. Fore most among these are the performances
    of Christy Mathewson. "The Big Six" is considered one of the premier
    pitchers in the history of baseball -- earning a spot in the Baseball Hall
    of Fame in Cooperstown. In the early days of the sport, profes sional scouts
    spent a good deal of heir time in the pleasant Buffalo Valle; In 1910 the
    entire starting nine was gi.cn a chance to play in the Majors. There have
    been Bisons disguised as Pirates, Giants and Orioles. All together, more
    than 20 former BU players have advanced to the major leagues. The efforts of
    the Herd on the diamond are numerous as they are in any other sport. From
    the days when "Belting Bill" Lane was known as Bloomsburg Public Enemy No. 1
    for the way he played against them, to that afternoon in 1969 when Randy
    Ruger hit a homer with two on and two out in the last inning to give the
    Herd an MAC Championship, the triumphs are impressive. (Ruger's home run
    earned the diamondmen a bid to play in the NCAA tournament which was
    declined in favor of "academic responsibilities.") In between these events a
    pitcher named Don Richards was whiffing batters all over the MAC. In his
    three year varsity career Richards struck out 354 men. He also won one no-
    hitter by the score of 6-4. The adventures of the Herd will con tinue in the
    present and future as talented competitors rally forth to do battle on the
    gridiron and diamond. And, as long as they continue, they will add to the
    cultural environment of Bucknell and contribute to the growing body of
    stories and legends about the little school hidden away in the Susquehanna
    Valley.

Heading: Mathewson: Having left
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell in 1902 for the
Content: 

Heading: major leagues, 'The Big
Content: 

Heading: Six' will be remembered
Content: 

Heading: as one of the most im
Content: 

Heading: pressive of the student
Content: 

Heading: heroes.
Content: 

Heading: Admissions 'Game Plan'
Content: admissions department itself has oH through the years, too. The lirst sions
    office was located in two rooms East Whfg of Roberts Hall, and the Director
    of Admissions was hired in #om there, we expanded to the second of Roberts
    Hall, then to where th #'deg relations office is now located in 5 Hall and,
    finally, to our PT n in Freas Hall, commented wallin0. su ffh a sa is o
    expanded to four mem te oast, the admissions office and the trar were
    combined into one depart- f  but in 1957, we divided into two rate ones."

Heading: SOME SPECULATION
Content: ficial student guides employed by the lissions department have been in ex- ice
    for thirty years -- and mere are is to be some major changes in the lissions
    process for all colleges and r entities hi the future, as Walling spec- ed
    "New application procedures will osdegd new tests will be taken and Board s
    will probably be taken only once student. Students will also fill out prdeg
    , 0f themselves, which will then De t to all colleges to which he is
    applying. !Se changes could conceivably come >ut in the next five years or
    so. >> #i

Heading: We at
Content: 

Heading: Foss Jewelers
Content: 

Heading: extend our
Content: 

Heading: warmest congratulations
Content: 

Heading: on your
Content: 

Heading: 125th Anniversary
Content: 

Heading: 429 M arket Stree
Content: 

Heading: 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: CURRICULA:
Content: 

Heading: 'Dramatic' Shifts
Content: By DON THOMPSON From its roots in the Academy and Fe- male Institute <whose
    purpose was to pre M re women for the cheerful discharge of the duties of
    life" ), Bucknell University has

Heading: come
Content: to offer a relatively diverse and com prehensive curriculum. The first catalog
    of the University of Lewisburg described forty-four courses which were,
    consequently offered to fifty six students by four professors. The uni
    versity at Lewisburg became " Bucknell University" in 1886 and, a few years
    later, President David Jayne Hill began to in troduce elective courses.
    Departments with " names and numbers anneared in 1879, but were not fully es
    tablished until 1888. The twelve departments included English Language and
    Literature, Greek Language and Literature, Modern Languages, Medieval and
    Modern History, PhvsicsSS and Chemistry, Math and As- fronomy, Organic
    Science, Economics and Politics and Mental and Moral Sciences.

Heading: A new
Content: course which President John Howard Harris called the " eclectic course was added
    in 1891. It was a utilitarian one that led to no degree, and was limited to
    no definite period of study. But it would permit " seekers of knowledge" to
    pursue anv subject at their convenience. Monday and Thursday morning
    lectures were another aspect of the curriculum around this time, and they
    concentrate on subjects which students did not specmc-

Heading: X
Content: study for recitation to their professors, (The Thursday morning lectures
    followed chapel services which, in 1874. commenced at 7:15 a.m. every
    working day.) , With the " dawn of a new century," there came a dramatic
    shift in the educational curriculum. Bucknell then offered sixty regular cu
    rses (with seventy-mne elec tives) taught by eighteen professors At this
    time, courses in law were added, a Department of Medicine lasted for a short
    Urne and the program in professional education was expanded. The first four
    year program in engine ering was established for Civil Engineers hv SS1902
    to be followed by Bachelor of Science programs for Electriical Engine; ertag
    ' 1905deg and Chemical and Mechanical Engineering <1909). The two-semester
    system, and the aband onment of Latin and Greek as requirements for an Arts
    degree, arrived in 1919.

Heading: NEW PROPOSALS
Content: Under President Emory W. Hunt in 1925, the faculty included fifty-nine teachers
    h! college had thirty distinct departments o f  studyf and three hundred
    sixty-four courses were listed -  and described -  m ^ U n iv e rs ity
    catalog Also, today 8 quality rredit svstem had its beginning in 1925.
    Several proposals worthy of mention the SaT  raonfkthe C oS -ex cep t
    Engile- orgamzation of the* Colleg P Division - f X i t t e d L t r  The
    Lower Division

Heading: C O N G R A T U L A T I O N S
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELLIANS: -
Content: 

Heading: GIVE YOUR EARS A TREAT
Content: _

Heading: ___
Content: 

Heading: VIA THE LATEST IN
Content: 

Heading: --------
Content: 

Heading: PANASONIC EQUIPMENT
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: TAPES
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: PHONOS
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: RADIOS
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: a c c e s s o r ie s
Content: 

Heading: REISH BROS., INC.
Content: 

Heading: 434 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: or call 523-1196
Content: was to be composed of " prescribed work" including survey courses, along with a
    reading knowledge of a foreign language. As the proposal indicated, one
    would have to pass a comprehensive examination in order to gain entrance
    into the Upper <or " more specialized" ) Division. Also in 1932, the twenty-
    seven depart ments were divided into five groups: Language, Social Sciences,
    Natural Sci ences, Philosophy and Arts, and Engine ering.

Heading: EDUCATION PIONEERS
Content: At the end of such a productive year, President Homer P. Rainey remarked that "
    Bucknell is pioneering in educational de velopments. Change effected by the
    fore going steps are among the most compre hensive since the founding of the
    University. The educational world will watch with keen interest the
    unfolding of the future work of students at Bucknell." And, ironically, a
    Junior College was established in Wilkes-Barre by 1933 as an " integral
    part" of Bucknell, only to fold because it became what was then termed a "
    financial burden." The University Course, a forerunner oi the one that
    exists now, intended to clarify the inter-relations of areas and aspects ot
    divergent studies; it began in 1917 under the direction of Dr. W. Preston
    Warren, professor of philosophy. In 1953, Dean William H. Coleman ex plained
    that " it is essential periodically that an institution of higher learning
    take stock of its academiic resources, not simply for the sake of change,
    but to insure that it is functioning at maximum efficiency." As a result of
    this remark, the following objectives were approved for the University in
    1956: "Bucknell is committed in the Christian tradition to provide the means
    and opportunity for the intellectual de velopment of students of quality
    preparation and character to the end that they may become mature and
    responsible members of society. " Bucknell endeavors to impart to the
    student the principles of inherited know ledge and culture, and to bring the
    stu dent to an awareness of his own talents. As a center of independent
    thought, Buck nell is dedicated to the cause of free and responsible inquiry
    and to the seeking of truth wherever it may be found. By 1959, Business
    Administration had been improved upon and enlarged, an Honors Program had
    been established and the curriculum leading to a B.A. degree had been
    revised. Over the last ten years, several features have been added,
    including the Graduate Program, Off-Campus Study, Junior Year Abroad. Summer
    Institutes and a liberal ization of curricular, in general. Even though the
    curriculum has changed and developed immensely, a review of the rs te r  of
    1944 Bucknell faculty gives one a sense of familiarity with times past; for
    one recognizes, among others, the names

Heading: B R U N O ' S
Content: <5

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: House
Content: 

Heading: of
Content: 

Heading: Fashion
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: Oi-ssa-cH of William Preston Warren, Blanchard Stanley Gummo, James Anderson
    Gathings, Walter Howard Sauvain, Gladys Calkins Cook, Lester Kieft, Paul
    Benson, and -- at that time a " temporary appointment" -- David P. Souders.
    # -- # # in  # <

Heading: B IS
Content: 

Heading: rn screen entertainment
Content: 

Heading: !ways yours ai the
Content: 

Heading: Campus Theatre
Content: 

Heading: after the
Content: 

Heading: Strand, Sunbury --  Capitol, Milton
Content: 

Heading: Stanley, Selinsgrove --  Capitol, Danville --  Cinema 5, Liberia
Content: 

Heading: The Majestic, Dodge City --  The Opera House, Naples, etc., etc
Content: 

Heading: REMEMBER
Content: 

Heading: --
Content: 

Heading: IT'S
Content: 

Heading: ALWAYS BETTER AS IT AGES
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: + -

Heading: JO AN  of ART
Content: 

Heading: BEAUTY
Content: 

Heading: SALON
Content: 

Heading: 214 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: :*
Content: 

Heading: Complim ents of
Content: t h e l e w is b u r g

Heading: IN N
Content: 

Heading: >>
Content: 

Heading: Luncheon
Content: 12

Heading: to
Content: 2 ,,n

Heading: R
Content: 

Heading: Dinner
Content: 5:30

Heading: to 8
Content: X Sunday Dinner 12 to 2:30 only % E AR LY AM ERICAN ATMOSPHERE 101 Market St.
    Yo^r , . %

Heading: Lewisburg
Content: 

Heading: Mrs.
Content: 

Heading: Freda Stoddard
Content: *}* CLOSED M ONDAY

Heading: SHAH STORE, In<<.
Content: 

Heading: M EN'S NEW
Content: 

Heading: SPRING NECKTIES
Content: 

Heading: Values up to $3.00
Content: 

Heading: Now $1.50
Content: 

Heading: ZIP SPORT
Content: 

Heading: 100%  Nylon JACKETS
Content: Sizes S, M, L, XL

Heading: From $2.98
Content: 

Heading: LADIES FUN SHELLS
Content: Req. $3 58

Heading: Nylon or Polyester
Content: 

Heading: Now $2.98
Content: Sizes 32

Heading: to
Content: 38

Heading: and
Content: 40 to 46

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: *i
Content: 

Heading: ____________________
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: 'Cap and Daggers' Past
Content: ,,,,,,w in, feature

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: " * S a tr e  a, the University hashed,

Heading: 's t
Content: 

Heading: rivrirTA t f X "
Content: 

Heading: . << .<< --
Content: 

Heading: *"  --
Content: formed in Bucknell Hall. f t iointlv; in fact, together with Penn The two groups
    occasionally P elJ deg

Heading: J
Content: Pennsylvania Intercollegiate Dr^ (tm)r  entry << . - annual tryout sessions
    limited their advisor, succeed*

Heading: lncrea>ed
Content: 

Heading: wllh
Content: 

Heading: >> PS  ffss<<e
Content: 

Heading: s
Content: 

Heading: S J
Content: 

Heading: smbs
Content: 

Heading: sssf .-ATta<< -
Content: 

Heading: h
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: OT'TS f l r PS n S ,,  would. -- her talen<< to (r) 'sH ^ fg (tm)te s  of Fran
    ce", performed at Le<<.st>>rg Hig " I d L ' t f >>  was a very good year tor
    & g & Lob was initiated with the presen<<turn th ^ k fot the study Also in
    that year I ^ . sg" ebec"ame affiliated with the American National Rofiin
    Sunbury. Cap ana ud5Scl 1 The in " im  after*' countless performances "  L^
    J "c h r iS e d S<theatre Roused lQftR ndeg\v scenery had 'out of necessity
    neei had b2en completed and S t t e S r U ' A ^ ' S l d i n g : '  and -- >>
    had << - ^ " S S L * '  the five 1(tm) f - " [ " ?Sh" d!T h te tr S in S ;
    the << y f o >> of lines and battens were a wel" " ..ife viewed from a
    letter slot. > AUd^ rthUirudfenqutpmLrrthemposS1biUt.es g  theatre on the
    Umvenny ^ # " d S |  a d ' since ^ B S T S O S i

Heading: STEIN'S
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: \
Content: 

Heading: F L O W E R S
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: s is  j s s r s j r s s f t . >>  - .'S -- *
Content: 

Heading: new materials for the
Content: 

Heading: new styles a t
Content: 

Heading: ...........
Content: 

Heading: THE PRESIDENTS,
Content: 

Heading: J
Content: 

Heading: m r"
Content: 

Heading: Jr
Content: 

Heading: >>
Content: 

Heading: AE f
Content: 

Heading: XM
Content: s

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: W k _
Content: 

Heading: SS !!| f
Content: 

Heading: lilili
Content: 

Heading: VSK.V
Content: 

Heading: i f e
Content: 

Heading: I,--
Content: 

Heading: ' - i ' /
Content: 

Heading: President Howard Malcom
Content: 

Heading: 1851 - 1857
Content: 

Heading: m i W
Content: 

Heading: ' W
Content: 

Heading: V il
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: President David Jayne Hill
Content: 

Heading: 1879 - 1888
Content: 

Heading: President Justin R. Loomis
Content: 

Heading: 1857 - 1879
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: President John Howard Harris
Content: 

Heading: 1889 - 1919
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: mm
Content: 

Heading: WM
Content: 

Heading: WMi
Content: 

Heading: !H
Content: 

Heading: Emm
Content: 

Heading: *!##*
Content: 

Heading: the present
Content: 

Heading: The following interview seeks to understand contemporary
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell from the viewpoints of four campus representatives:
Content: 

Heading: two students and two Administrators.
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: Michael Holoszvc is a sophomore, enrolled in the Bachelor
Content: 

Heading: of Arts and Bachetor of Science in Civil Engineering program;
Content: 

Heading: Lois Ranck graduates this year with a Bachelor of Science de
Content: 

Heading: gree in Secondary Education. Leon Pacala is Dean of the College
Content: 

Heading: of Arts and Sciences and Professor of Religion; John F. Zeller
Content: 

Heading: HI, Vice President of Administration and Finance, completes the
Content: 

Heading: foursome.
Content: 

Heading: While their opinions cannot conclusively define Bucknell
Content: 

Heading: or anv aspect of it -- the four do present, to a fair extent, an
Content: 

Heading: overview of this school as an institution today. The interview
Content: 

Heading: opens with a discussion of a recently-controversial subject: the
Content: 

Heading: relative value of distributional requirements in the AB program.
Content: By DAVID HAMMER BUCKNELLIAN: Distributional require ments are "designed to
    offer, on the one hand, opportunities in general education and, on the
    other, opportunities for inten sive and specialized study" ("Bucknell
    University Bulletin." 1971-73, p. 88), but many students feel handicapped by
    them in, say, the AB program. In view of the debate on the subject, can
    distributional requirements be justified in your minds? HOLOSZYC: I look at
    the present dis tributional program as a lot better than it was two years
    ago. One thing that does deserve mention, though, is the physical education
    requirement. I strongly feel that this present requirement isn't necessary
    in that phys. ed. is almost exclusively Holoszye: 'A lot better' (photo by
    Steve Billig) centered on merely recreational activities -- and that is the
    kind of activity that a student can develop himself. RANCK: Despite my
    enjoyment of phys. ed., I agree that one does take it all through high
    school and, by the time the student comes to college, he should be able to
    decide whether or not he wants to de velop himself in this particular area.
    PACALA: Apart from the phys. ed. re quirement, and to get back to your
    original question, I'm more aware now of an in terest on the part of at
    least a group of students in emphasizing the general educa tion dimension of
    their undergraduate pro gram. From a faculty standpoint, too, there s been
    an increasing interest on the part of 'younger) faculty to move out of the
    singularly-departmentally defined curricu lum into more inter-departmental
    curricu lum. As evidence of this, the faculty of the College of Arts and
    Sciences approved last fall, for the first time in recent history, an inter-
    departmental major. BUCKNELLIAN: Granting that the changes in both
    distributional requirements (indirectly) and curriculum are affected by the
    school budget, how did last year's deficit curtail or restrict poposed or up
    coming programs? ZELLER: I don't know that you can say the deficit has
    affected the curriculum at this point in time any more than financial
    pressures have always affected the cur riculum: I don't know of anything
    that has been cut out this year <or that we're cutt ing out next year)
    because of the financial pinch. PACALA: There have been one or two
    appointments which have not been made (which will be reflected in a
    lessening of a number of courses offered in some de partments). BUCKNELLIAN:
    Along these lines, there has been some talk among the faculty that the
    construction of the soon-to-be-completed University Center took unnecessary
    bites out of salaries; they say that the money pouring into that building
    could have been more wisely distributed. Can these claims be reconciled with
    the structure? ZELLER: The decision to build that fa cility was not a "snap"
    one. The Uni versity Center goes back at least fifteen years. In fact, it
    was one of the recom mendations made by a faculty Committee ten years ago.
    While we are campaining for funds now -- and will continue to do so,
    borrowing money to pay the bills as the building goes up -- I have every
    reason to believe that, within the next five years, we'U raise the money to
    pay off that build ing. Consequently, the money which is in the current
    budget to pay interest on that debt will go back into faculty salaries and |
    the normal educational expenses.

Heading: Zeller: Raising Money
Content: (photo by Bob Arnold) i The new cafeteria service, bookstore and snack bar
    facilities, among other things, do not make the building a new dimension on
    campus but, rather, an im provement upon the present, "falling apart"
    facilities). In addition, we need to have this central place for
    "extracurricular life" which we need to recognize as some thing which may be
    equally as important in the education of the undergraduate as what goes on
    in the classroom, library and laboratory. We must have a place where
    students can interact: we hope the Center will be that place. RANCK: It's
    refreshing to realize that Administration is concerned with more than just
    the feelings of the faculty -- that the Administration is concerned with a
    sense of unity in the students. Of course, that the University Center will
    provide this remains to be seen. But the point of social >> interaction is
    well-taken. HOLOSZYC: I have to disagree with all three of you as to the
    need of the Student Center at this point. Despite its advantages, we're
    putting all the priorities of Bucknell into that building right now. As Dr.
    Zeller points out, too, there's really nothing new in the structure.
    BUCKNELLIAN: The University Center is, obviously, a physical change on this
    campus -- but there have been less tan- j ] gible alterations such as the
    institution of freshman seminars last semester. How is that program working?
    PACALA: A preliminary report by the Freshman Seminar Committee concludes
    that the faculty has <<with little exception) expressed tremendous
    frustration in teach ing it because the courses cut across dis ciplines and
    are not of the standard, intro ductory nature. And yet, without exception,
    they have enthusiastically endorsed it be cause of its significance.
    Evaluation by students involved was also overwhelmingly favorable. HOLOSZYC:
    Freshman seminars are a fantastic idea in that they set up a new mode of
    learning -- sometring apart from traditional classes and traditional depart
    mental guidelines, where the student is able to inquire in his own
    direction. BUCKNELLIAN: Although freshman seminars were not in existence
    when you applied to Bucknell, there were aspects of the University which
    must have initially impressed you. What were some of these first
    impressions? HOLOSZYC: My first !impression was that it was a very
    conservative school, and an isolated one; its strengths were in the
    Sciences. But those initial impressions have changed quite a bit in my view.
    RANCK: Initial impressions -- I'd have to think back to when I was nine or
    ten years old since I've lived here for so long, and come from a Bucknell
    family. But, having taken Bucknell for granted,

Heading: I
Content: couldn't find any other college that was so beautiful and academically strong
    after looking at other colleges -- I really appreciated this school after
    comparison. BUCKNELLIAN: What are your general impressions toward students
    here? Can they all be cast in one mold as seems the trend toward almost
    everything nowadays? ZELLER: We do primarily have students from a suburban
    background as opposed to center-city areas. PACALA: We don't find a lot of
    the "wide-eyed-innocent" types here. Persons who attend Bucknell are (armed)
    with a sophisticated, not uncynical view of institu tions and social
    relations. It's not an easy kind of student body to teach from one respect,
    at least, in that they're not ready to take as "Gospel" every utterance even
    by a silver-tongued Dean. It's a kind of "OK-turn it off-show me that it's
    worth considering" tough-minded- ness that, in some instances, can be re
    silient and in others, can sort of turn off the academic process unless you
    gear into it in any ways that might be compell ing for that particular
    individual. ZELLER: There's always been a kind of practicality about the
    Bucknell student body. It's been a "show me" kind of thing. PACALA: Let me
    amplify that a bit, at least from my perspective. That practi cality has
    different dimensions. It can range from refusal to simply live at ab stract
    levels of analysis, in terms of the academic process -- and that's good --
    to (and this is less productive in an academic atmosphere) a commercial, or
    market, concept of education -- and that's tough to contend with. ZELLER:
    Students here have been moti vated to pick a place like Bucknell be cause
    they see it as the model of what college life ought to be. Now "what college
    life ought to be" has changed over the years. The "country-club-on-the-
    Susquehan- na," big party, big fraternity school that we may have been right
    after the war is not what Bucknell is today. Today, there's a different
    model of what college life ought to be, but our students see Bucknell as
    offering whatever that model is. HOLOSZYC: Going back to a few of the
    statements that were made, I do tend to feel that Bucknell is diverse in
    certain dimensions more so than I originally thought. But stereotypes have
    been made of every single group on campus, un- Ranck: Stereotypes (photo by
    Eric Riess) fortunately, and there is an obvious lack of certain groups here
    -- Blacks, for in stance, along with other minorities. RANCK: There
    definitely are stereotypes, even if it's only along fraternity or sorority
    lines. BUCKNELLIAN: Speaking of diversifi cation of students at Bucknell,
    and its geographical location which some feel to be vastly significant, do
    you consider the University isolated in its approach to the "outside world?"
    Is Bucknell a "Story book Land" in miniature? PACALA: There is a way of life
    here which is somewhat unrealistic, which can't be shared or duplicated or
    contained else where. HOLOSZYC: The sad thing about Buck nell is that you
    can sit back in your academic atmosphere -- both faculty and students -- and
    completely forget about the outside world. It shouldn't be like that; if you
    want to know what's going on outside, you have to look for it entirely on
    your own. For example, a lot of people here don't have any conception of
    what urban ghetto life is, or could be, like. ZELLER: I'd have to agree that
    we suffer from a lack of proximity to some of the major urban areas, with
    both their problems and assets. But we have to note

Heading: that
Content: poverty doesn't exist only in the city

Heading: and that, if a student is interested
Content: in

Heading: Pacala: No 'wide-eyed'
Content: types (photo by Bob Arnold) finding out about how the other halt lives, we've
    got plenty of rural poverty surround ing us. RANCK: Bucknell provides the
    January Program which frees the student to con nect himself with ghetto,
    minority and drug problems. If you're interested enough, there are faculty
    members who will surely sponsor almost any investigation on the student's
    part. I realize that a month is not a lifetime but, at least, it's an intro
    duction. PACALA: In the final analysis, the issue of isolation has got to be
    judged according to the readiness of students at the end of their college
    experience to assume re sponsible roles, whatever they may be. BUCKNELLIAN:
    Perhaps students don't engage in excessive political or social in quiry, but
    their problems may be lessened because of the degree of communication on the
    campus. Have you found the Ad ministration to be an open one? RANCK: They
    have been to me. I've come in contact with Admissions and Resi dence Hall
    housing personnel. Almost any Administrator is more than willing to com
    municate with you -- perhaps that's unique at Bucknell. HOLOSZYC: That's one
    of the great assets of this University. The faculty is a teaching faculty --
    they're not tied up with their research. Personally, I've never had any
    trouble contacting a faculty member. I think I can say the same thing for
    the remainder of the Administration, too. BUCKNELLIAN: Are student organiza
    tions receptive to new members Do you find an openness on their part as
    well? HOLOSZYC: I do. The size of this in stitution is the most important
    factor in that respect. Actually, no student organiza tion can afford to be
    closed because the campus is so small. In fact, student organi zations seem
    always to be trying to recruit students, which is to their credit. RANCK:
    Most people who want to get involved in an organization -- who show interest
    -- don't have any trouble. BUCKNELLIAN: That touches on the question of
    apathy on this campus. There is a general trend of thought here that
    Bucknell students are apathetic toward al most everything. Is such a
    conception more myth than reality? ZELLER: There's some of both (myth and
    reality) involved here. Sure, there arc a lot of students who show very
    little in terest in public or campus issues. But I find it difficult to
    label those students as entirely apathetic; some are otherwise deeply
    involved in what they're doing aca demically. When you think of student
    apathy, you picture students who spend all their time drinking beer or
    playing bridge -- and there aren't too many students like that at Bucknell
    anymore. HOLOSZYC: Apathy is very real at Bucknell. Students are very
    academically- oriented here; they really do get involved with their studying
    -- most take it very seriously. As a result, between that and the revolving
    social life, students are pres sured into not taking initiative in other
    fields. , . RANCK: I wouldn't state the apathetic problem quite so strongly.
    Last year, dur ing the strike, I was overwhelmed by the amount of
    participation. Granted, we didn't have 2600 students up on the quad for each
    meeting which was called, but there seemed to be more participating than one
    would have ordinarily expected. The pressure of academics is real enough,
    thought: students are very time-conscious because of the series of paper and
    test deadlines presented by the college environ ment. PACALA: I hear a
    definition of apathy in the context of faculty discussion, and they're
    usually referring to a style of life which is devoid of the spontaneity, en
    thusiasm and pursuit of intellectual issues that, often times, faculty would
    like to see a good deal more of. BUCKNELL1AN: One way of lessening apathy of
    all kinds here is to develop what has been termed a "sense of community."
    The newly-instituted coed housing proposals were predicted as one means of
    achieving this goal. Is coed housing such a viable means? RANCH: In my mind,
    the changes are excellent. Perhaps Swartz Hall lends itself many diverse
    departments as possible -- Bucknell does a pretty good job for its size.
    Students should be encouraged to explore areas they never knew about -- to
    develop a sense of community and identification. Finally, a University
    should be a place where interrelations between people can be broadly
    developed, so that an under standing of others' motives and minds can all be
    placed in a proper system. A lot, in effect, is left up to the individual
    stu dent, and rightly so. RANCH: There should exist a sense of openness,
    growth, individual improvement and identity so that, through interaction and
    education in University life, one may, consequently, get to know himself.
    Buck- nell's trying -- and that's a start. ZELLER: I would like Bucknell, as
    an undergraduate college, to be the kind of Bucknell's Student Strike:
    Springtime of our lives a little bit more to coed dorms than other
    dormitories on account of the complex created by the central lounge and
    cafeteria in the building. HOLOSZYC: There is a lot of interaction in New
    Dorm -- all lounges are shared as they are in Swartz. It's an amazing im
    provement over last year. We really don't have the "sense of community" that
    we could have, though. Perhaps more contact leading to a "one ness" will
    result in the future with addi tional changes such as the extension of
    visitation hours. BUCKNELLIAN: In all these questions and comments, perhaps
    one pervading focus has been to reflect on what this Uni versity is -- and
    what it should be. In deed, how does Bucknell measure up to the conceptual
    ideal of college in your minds? HOLOSZYC: The concept of a University is
    going to be a different one for different people. There are certain people
    attending this school for purely vocational training; there are certain
    people here who desire a general, philosophical background of what education
    means -- those are probably the two extremes, and there's a whole strata of
    people in-between. A University could be all of these things, with the
    emphasis on at least exposing all aspects to the student. Certainly, a
    University should have as place that asks a lot of questions of its students
    -- questions that the students can never answer And I don't want to miss any
    of them. A student ought to be chal lenged intellectually, emotionally,
    religious ly. I want a student to go out of here dedi cated to using his
    life in a way that will advance mankind in some appropriate way; I don't
    want him to go out of here with a purely selfish motive. I don't want a
    student to leave saying "Well, that's finished;" I want him to leave saying,
    rather, "Boy, I've barely begun." From

Heading: A osoooseeoeoesisecaoooeisooosr,
Content: 

Heading: | A R T ' S  B A K E R Y  |
Content: 

Heading: | For the Tops in Lox
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: | -- Good Bagel's Too |
Content: 

Heading: ! Art's Bakery I
Content: 

Heading: 8
Content: 

Heading: 500 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: k
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: BY THE R. R. TRACKS
Content: 

Heading: $
Content: 

Heading: Vsccccocoococcccccoscoooooao
Content: this point of view, I'm not so concerned with the product we turn out as I am
    with the idea of what that person makes of his life after he leaves
    Bucknell. And we can only challenge a student if he challenges us-- and it
    is this which I want him to do. PACALA: A good college is reflected by its
    end result -- the graduates themselves. And, concomitantly, the ideal with
    which an undergraduate college lives is that of self-understanding.

Heading: MERIT
Content: 

Heading: CONSUMER
Content: 

Heading: DISCOUNT
Content: 

Heading: 228 Market Street
Content: '-OH>>' -asa>> -<<#>>(O

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: LAWSON'S
Content: 

Heading: (
Content: 

Heading: !
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: S - H - O - E - S
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: 223 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: FIFTH & MARKET STREETS
Content: 

Heading: )peciai
Content: 

Heading: 10% off on all Pizzas
Content: 

Heading: purchased & eaten in
Content: 

Heading: our restaurant between
Content: 

Heading: 5 & 9 p.m. Monday thru
Content: 

Heading: Thursday.
Content: 

Heading: Phone 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PENNA.
Content: 

Heading: the prospects
Content: 

Heading: Compiled by ERIC RIESS
Content: 

Heading: What are the prospects for Bucknell? This supplement asked
Content: 

Heading: noted faculty members and administrators to convey their
Content: 

Heading: thoughts on the future of higher education, in general, and Buck
Content: 

Heading: nell, in particular. From their comments, six were selected,
Content: 

Heading: edited and hereby presented not necessarily as a representative
Content: 

Heading: sample but. instead, as a series of provocative and relatively in
Content: 

Heading: dicative thoughts.
Content: THOMAS J. R1SCH Dean of Men The present model of higher education is based upon
    one of training for a vocation. People were to become informed in college
    and trained to do something which would enable them to become successful in
    life, with success being measured as contri bution to the production of
    goods and ad ding to the affluence of society. This orientation is changing.
    In addition, it is coupled with the phenomenal growth in information
    available and the necessity to be able to continue to learn and to adapt,
    rather than to have been once trained and then do that for the rest of your
    life.

Heading: 'TO LEARN TO DO'
Content: Thus the old definition of education, be ing one of training "to do'' has to be
    replac ed with the definition of education, be- "training to learn to do."
    What I am say ing is that a person has to be capable of constant learning,
    constant adaptation and constant adjustment to the new demands Thus
    education has to be a continuous process and not one that ends when the
    college career is over. Thus, what happens when the usual college career is
    experi enced must be different, and the opportuni ties to continue to learn
    after the so-called college career is over need to be expanded. In addition,
    the various numbers of peopte presently--and in the future--participating in
    higher education will necessitate dif ferent kinds of organization. All
    kinds oi opportunities beyond high school must be made available in all
    kinds of ways. The concept of four years of college in one spot after four
    years of high school will not meet the needs outlined above.

Heading: POWER STRUCTURE
Content: In addition, the methods of offering high er education will need serious
    scrutiny. Tho efficiency of the present operation is atroc ious. and our
    ability to avoid establishing methods of evaluation have been fantastic. We
    must become more efficient and must integrate into the educational system
    the methodology that technology has available |l for the communication of
    information -- for instant feedback, for developing flex ible and competent
    personnel. But the organization and power structure of higher education is
    well entrenched and fearfully inflexible. Serious times of strife will be
    experienced before the holders of power, primarily the faculties and
    academic professions, give up their power and al low basic change to be
    experienced. For Bucknell in particular, we will have to narrow our purpose
    and goals. The diversity in the type of institution that is possible in
    higher education in the future is fantastic, and we will have to be a
    special kind in that diversity. No one place of our size and our potential
    re sources can claim to be all things for all men, or even very many things
    for very many men.

Heading: 'SPECIFIC PURPOSE'
Content: Right now a specific purpose will have to be formulated. By necessity it will
    have to be a flexible purpose and definition so that it can keep pace with
    the changing times. A couple of years out of step could be disastrous. In
    addition, we will have to do what ever we decide our purpose to be very well
    in order to justify why a person should spend the kind of money it will take
    to support Bucknell to gain the kind of education that we propose. We cannot
    com pete with a large state supported institu tion, and we cannot compete
    with the com munity college concept. We will have to develop ways in which
    we can utilize the uniqueness of our environment and setting and physical
    features to provide a type ot education that it would be difficult to find
    any place else. In order for that type of education to be satisfying to
    those who come, we will have to do an excellent job in conveying to the
    public exactly what we propose to do, so that those people who want that
    will know exactly where to come. All of this will have to operate in a
    community atmos phere setting. Our present tricotomy of faculty, ad
    ministration and students, and our special interest groups and adversary
    roles, make it impossible for us to be efficient enough to adapt as quickly
    and as effectively as we will need to. This calls for a change in the people
    involved, and I am at a loss to suggest how that might take place.

Heading: DOUGLAS CANDLAND
Content: Chairman, Dept of Psychology Consideration of the future of higher edu cation
    leads me to initially consider the history of American higher education. In
    the first place, the history of Ameri can higher education is unique, for it
    is the only system developed specifically for mass education. Second, until
    recently what has been called higher education in America has been higher
    technological education. Only within the last decades has the con cept that
    education is good because of its own inherent virtues become commonplace.

Heading: STUDENT UNREST
Content: Present student unrest is largely attri buted to the fact that American Society
    judges education in terms of what it pro vides for the society rather than
    what it produces in the way of contentment and reflection for the
    individual. Students clear ly want a different kind of education from what
    we offer. In short, considering the demand, there is too much liberal educa
    tion. The experiment of providing sound liberal arts education for all has
    failed, much to my unhappiness, primarily be cause most students do not want
    it. It is, in their words, "irrelevant." Historically, the idea that liberal
    arts education is good in itself is an aberration of a decade or two.
    American society re mains basically anti-intellectual, in the sense that it
    approves of education only so long as such education is technically pro
    ductive. Perhaps faculty have failed to deliver the message that wisdom
    leads to the reflective and creative life; perhaps faculty were wrong in
    assuming that a technological society would accept the pre- In any case, the
    idea that the liberal arts education is the best for all individuals has,
    like prohibition, failed as a Noble Experi ment.

Heading: IMMEDIATE FUTURE
Content: What is the immediate future of Ameri can education? If my assumptions are cor
    rect, I predict that America will continue to offer basically technological
    education under one guise or another. Few institutions can afford to
    continue to offer education

Heading: THE
Content: 

Heading: 234 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: : . Y

Heading: in the great liberal arts tradition, for the
Content: 

Heading: simple reason that American society wants
Content: 

Heading: few thinkers: What it wants are those who
Content: 

Heading: do--those who repair, build, and develop
Content: 

Heading: new technologies. It does not want more
Content: 

Heading: scholars. Those few institutions with appro
Content: 

Heading: priate traditions and support will continue
Content: 

Heading: to offer education in the highest sense. The
Content: 

Heading: rest will still be called colleges or univer
Content: 

Heading: sities, but they will become highly tech
Content: 

Heading: nically involved or "relevant." We are not
Content: 

Heading: far from the day when affluent parents
Content: 

Heading: will pay high tuition to have their children
Content: 

Heading: trained in a profession (as they now do
Content: 

Heading: for high-paying technologies such as medi
Content: 

Heading: cine) to produce men with technological
Content: 

Heading: skills such as plumbing and heating plant
Content: 

Heading: knowledge.
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL PROSPECTS
Content: And what of Bucknell? Bucknell is so close to having resources necessahy to make
    it a unique university, one able to

Heading: GRENOBLE'S
Content: 

Heading: UNIVERSITY
Content: 

Heading: JEWELERS
Content: 

Heading: 213 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: A 'Model' University: Bucknell
Content: maintain the traditions of the liberal arts college yet able to use these
    traditions to train technological skills, that I am temp ted to think that
    it will survive and even be the model of the university of the future. We
    may be saved by the fact that we could not afford to make the mistakes of
    many Ivy Schools. To be optimistic, we may be able to provide that peculiar
    Ameri can combination of education in liberal arts and technology which will
    be highly prized in the future.

Heading: A MATTER OF SURVIVAL
Content: 

Heading: To survive, we must know clearly where
Content: 

Heading: we want to be and we must be willing to
Content: 

Heading: supply Bucknell with the resources it needs
Content: 

Heading: to accomplish that goal. At worst, Buck
Content: 

Heading: nell will be a follower, yielding to academic
Content: 

Heading: temptation as the political wind blows,
Content: 

Heading: bending here to alumni, there to students,
Content: 

Heading: end, perhaps bending backward to faculty.
Content: 

Heading: The winds of change must blow, and Buck
Content: 

Heading: nell must be strong yet flexible, and wise
Content: 

Heading: enough to predict the change of currents.
Content: 

Heading: A large order, but those aware of Buck-
Content: 

Heading: nell's history know that it has been done
Content: 

Heading: many times before at Bucknell and that
Content: 

Heading: with skill and luck it can be done again--
Content: 

Heading: only this time it should result not merely
Content: 

Heading: in survival, but in greatness.
Content: 

Heading: WENDELL I. SMITH
Content: Provost What are Bucknell's prospects? There is absolutely no doubt that
    education at Buck nell will change more profoundly in the next decade than
    it has in the two and one-half decades since the end of World War II. During
    the next decade, under the ueadership of all of its component groups (with
    the administration serving in the role of catalyst and facilitator), it is
    like ly that many of the following will occur:

Heading: General and specific goals will be estab
Content: 

Heading: lished (including the goals of all academic
Content: 

Heading: and administrative departments); the goals
Content: 

Heading: will be reviewed annually; and all pro
Content: 

Heading: grams, both administrative and academic,
Content: 

Heading: will have to be demonstrated to be clearly
Content: 

Heading: related to goals. Further, the cost and the
Content: 

Heading: effectiveness of all programs will be de
Content: 

Heading: terminable and public.
Content: 

Heading: Students will be expected to operate
Content: 

Heading: their own "welfare state" in the form of
Content: 

Heading: housing, feeding, extracurricular activities,
Content: 

Heading: counseling,
Content: 

Heading: medical care,
Content: 

Heading: employment
Content: 

Heading: services, athletics, recreation, clinics, etc.
Content: 

Heading: Some of these services will be provided by
Content: 

Heading: students and some wiU be purchased from
Content: 

Heading: professionals.
Content: 

Heading: INTELLECTUAL MATURITY
Content: 

Heading: Elitism, i.e., students whose families
Content: 

Heading: "have arrived" economically, will be in
Content: 

Heading: evitable. The goal though will be students
Content: 

Heading: who also "have arrived" at a stage of in-
Content: 

Heading: ' effectual maturity
Content: 

Heading: where the goal
Content: 

Heading: is
Content: 

Heading: pursuit of liberal, higher rather than lib
Content: 

Heading: eral, longer-education.
Content: 

Heading: The "community" which we now call
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell probably will become more high
Content: 

Heading: ly formal, structured along the lines of
Content: 

Heading: learning communities for curriculum pur
Content: 

Heading: poses--and along political lines for other
Content: 

Heading: purposes. Departmental lines will be eff-
Content: 

Heading: minated in some cases and sharply blurred
Content: 

Heading: in all others. Administrative departments
Content: 

Heading: will be smaller, organized to deal with
Content: 

Heading: social change, with fluid curricula and de
Content: 

Heading: gree requirements on the one hand, and
Content: 

Heading: with complex processes
Content: 

Heading: agement by objectives and cost effective
Content: 

Heading: ness, on the other.
Content: I have enumerated some of the broader nf a means to prepare our University for
    life aT a Private institution whose narrow change with each generation of
    graduates, but whose general goal of providing singular service to our
    society for another 125 years will be insured.

Heading: LEON PACALA
Content: Dean, College of Arts and Sciences Flpxibilitv will surely be a big word
    throughout the immediate future Umversi- tips will find ways to make
    possible greater S iX iS ly to th/planntag and tern>> a- tion of academic
    programs. Accordingly, thP future will be a time in which students will
    Exercise greater degrees of determma- uX  over the form and substance of
    their education. Furthermore, they will find within the institution's
    curriculum expand edl possibilities and new combinations with which to plan
    their programs. There will hP create? use of off-campus study op-

Heading: S fe s s s ^ s s r H S
Content: 

Heading: ^mpXsi^pon^Xu^understandiiig as a
Content: 

Heading: b in a te
Content: 

Heading: at the present time.
Content: 

Heading: times of continued self analysis sparKed oy
Content: 

Heading: the necessity for universities to he more
Content: 

Heading: self-conscious about their educational pur
Content: 

Heading: poses and uniqueness of their institutional
Content: 

Heading: programs. Those institutions which current-
Content: 

Heading: ?y enToy enough self confidence to ca n j on
Content: 

Heading: the most vigorous self criticism will be the
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: W. L. DONEHOWERS
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: B. U. '06
Content: 

Heading: )
Content: 

Heading: Sporting Goods
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: 424 - 426 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: IEWISBURG, PENNA. 17837
Content: 

Heading: (
Content: 

Heading: Our Compliments to A
Content: 

Heading: Fine School on Their
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: 125th Anniversary
Content: 

Heading: RONALD J. PEDRICK
Content: , must c m * >> * * much of what they do and.behove a^ i m u : the 28 coeds
    aiding Charles and the Community, i.e. The Semor Gffts ^ g CA the benefit
    concert for Wolfe, the Social Service Prog-mn spo SJreu^y ^ 300 students who
    as- the Evangelical Community Hospital, me enori programs sponsored slsted
    CA's Volunteer W << j b e , " ^ n L ,  the Blood Bank,

Heading: K
Content: >> We S deg 5 S S &  (tm)re GiWrs than eVer ^ "  * " versity's history. ____

Heading: ____
Content: _ ________ -- I am reasonably confident that in the im mediate future
    undergraduate institutions will take with increasing seriousness the primacy
    of teaching. It will be a period^ therefore, of considerable experimentation
    in search for effective teaching.

Heading: I believe the immediate future will be
Content: 

Heading: ones mast likely to survive the threats and
Content: 

Heading: pressures of the immediate future.
Content: 

Heading: JOHN ZELLER
Content: Vice President, Administration and Finance If experience is any guide at all,
    ana a

Heading: HAS USED THE BUCKNELUAN
Content: 

Heading: FOR ONLY V 6 OF ITS LIFE
Content: 

Heading: Troutman's
Content: 

Heading: P H A R M A C Y
Content: 

Heading: Donald A. Troutman, Reg. Ph.
Content: 

Heading: PS
Content: 

Heading: X
Content: 

Heading: 202 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG,
Content: p a

Heading: . T7837
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 524-0684
Content: 

Heading: -but--
Content: 

Heading: WE
Content: 

Heading: ARE
Content: 

Heading: VERY
Content: 

Heading: DEAR
Content: 

Heading: AND OLD FRIENDS
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: present demand ficr educ :ational services now will be more like what it is tod;
    ly than provides any insigtiit, then one will have to it will be different.
    conelude that educ.ition of the future is not There will be more
    alternatives in higlici likely to be terribi y different from sduca-
    education lor young peopie coming out oi lion at *the preser it time. There
    will be 'nigh school than there iare tod jy, in c narige, but it will. not
    be * radical change eluding the college wabout walls, ih rei and what;
    eduication loks lik e ten years from year degree programs, me>re IMie*
    lender*

Heading: L E W I S
Content: 

Heading: B O R G
Content: 

Heading: N A
Content: 

Heading: 1 10
Content: 

Heading: N A L
Content: 

Heading: B A N K
Content: 

Heading: CThe Bank with
Content: 

Heading: Revolving Clock)
Content: or selfstudy, etc. These will not be the majority pattern, however. The
    influence of the department and the department major on the undergraduate
    level will be less pronounced, but it will not disappear, and most students
    will con tinue to major in one department. Higher education will continue to
    be basically vocational in its objective. This is not to say that
    undergraduate education will be any more professional than it is now, or
    that students will concentrate on what we normally think of as "vocational"
    subjects. Nonetheless, students will still come to college primarily to
    prepare them selves for some kind of useful career. Most students will still
    think of their college education as preparing them for positions of greater
    economic reward than they might achieve without a college education. More
    students than at the present time, however, will see the economic benefit as
    secondary to the importance of preparing for the kind of service which will
    benefit so ciety. In other words, they will look for ward more to the
    contribution they can make to the earnings they will achieve.

Heading: 'NOT ENOUGH MONEY'
Content: Tuitions will continue to rise, though less dramatically than they have in the
    past five years. The rate of increase of professional salaries will level
    off as society discovers that the new math has not cancelled the o'd
    mathematics of compound interest -- i.e.. an 8'i increase in salaries will
    result in a doubling of salaries in only nine years. This cannot be
    sustained indefinitely. The democratization of our institutions, including
    colleges, will continue with stu dents, faculty, alumni and trustees all
    playing roles in the governance of col leges and universities. Each will
    eventually learn that none has exclusive jurisdiction in any area, and that
    all have interests that must be recognized and given voice. Administrators
    will be seen as coordinators

Heading: COLE'S HARDWARE
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1284
Content: 

Heading: Hardware, Paint, Farm Supplies,
Content: 

Heading: Electrical Supplies,
Content: 

Heading: Kitchenware, Building &
Content: 

Heading: Plumbing Supplies
Content: 

Heading: 230 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWiSBURG, PA. 17837
Content: 

Heading: L ,
Content: 

Heading: s a
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: s :
Content: 

Heading: b
Content: 

Heading: i  s  i  i  i
Content: 

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 19

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 524-0744
Content: 

Heading: ^
Content: 

Heading: i
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: SI

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: T |

Heading: e
Content: 

Heading: and executors.
Content: 

Heading: Because there will not be enough money
Content: 

Heading: to continue the growth rate of the past
Content: 

Heading: decade, there will be some shifts in the
Content: 

Heading: pattern of academic life. Teachers will
Content: 

Heading: recognize that the goose which lays the
Content: 

Heading: golden egg is the student as well as NSF.
Content: 

Heading: Teaching will improve as
Content: 

Heading: a
Content: 

Heading: result. Ex
Content: 

Heading: penditures on non-essentials will diminish,
Content: 

Heading: including all kinds of extracurricular ac
Content: 

Heading: tivities and numerous generally accepted
Content: 

Heading: fringe benefits which are nice, but lend
Content: 

Heading: nothing to the security of the individual.
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell will survive as an undergraduate
Content: 

Heading: institution among the top level of ea tera
Content: 

Heading: colleges.
Content: 

Heading: . ....
Content: 

Heading: Gifts and grants will be received withm
Content: 

Heading: a five year period to pay off the cost of the
Content: 

Heading: University Center, the money now budget
Content: 

Heading: ed to pay interest will be used to meet the
Content: 

Heading: normal costs of operating the University,
Content: 

Heading: including faculty salaries, and all will
Content: 

Heading: wonder how the University ever managed
Content: 

Heading: without this special facility prior to 1971.
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell students will continue to have
Content: 

Heading: generally good undergraduate experience,
Content: 

Heading: part hard work, part stimulating Intellec
Content: 

Heading: tual development, and part fun and games,
Content: 

Heading: in short, young people will continue to be
Content: 

Heading: young people.
Content: 

Heading: THIS TOWN WON'T CHANGE
Content: 

Heading: Enrollment by 1980 will be at the level of
Content: 

Heading: approximately 3300 undergraduates and 200
Content: 

Heading: master's degree candidates of even higher
Content: 

Heading: quality than the present student body.
Content: 

Heading: New dormitories will be built to accom
Content: 

Heading: modate in apartment type units approxi
Content: 

Heading: mately 600 students.
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg won't change that much either,
Content: 

Heading: thus fulfilling the prophecy of the June,
Content: 

Heading: 1907, issue of "The Woodpecker," a campus
Content: 

Heading: magazine of that day which noted that
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg provided the exception that
Content: 

Heading: proved the rule that this is a world of
Content: 

Heading: change. I hasten to add that there are
Content: 

Heading: many of us who are just as happy to have
Content: 

Heading: it that way.
Content: 

Heading: Intercollegiate athletics will continue to
Content: 

Heading: be an important part of undergraduate life,
Content: 

Heading: but there will be considerably less emphasis
Content: 

Heading: on fotball and such sports as LaCrosse,
Content: 

Heading: soccer and swimming will continued to be
Content: 

Heading: favored.
Content: R.O.T.C. will no longer be an issue be cause the Department of Defense will have
    finally learned how it should be done. There will be students at Bucknell on
    R.O. T.C. scholarships, but there will be no

Heading: special program.
Content: 

Heading: Students will still be complaining about
Content: 

Heading: the bookstore, food service, and the dis
Content: 

Heading: pensary. Administrators will still be "they,'
Content: 

Heading: as in "They can't do that to me!", not be
Content: 

Heading: cause there have not been improvements,
Content: 

Heading: but because that's the nature of the beast.
Content: 

Heading: WENDELL I. SMITH
Content: 

Heading: Provost
Content: 

Heading: The student-faculty ratio will be increased to 15 or 16, but this will not be
Content: 

Heading: viewed as a reduction in quality when it is viewed in a context in which stu
Content: 

Heading: dent/faculty relationships change markedly.
Content: 

Heading: Faculty will become guides to learning, and students will know that they
Content: 

Heading: are the learners-the active ones. They will accept the responsibilities for their
Content: 

Heading: own learning or they will not "be".
Content: 

Heading: The goals of learning <as well as the programs to achieve the goals) will
Content: 

Heading: tend to be tailored to Individuals as we come to believe that common 6oals
Content: 

Heading: of higher education must be accompanied by great diversity for the individuals
Content: 

Heading: who are to achieve the goals.
Content: 

Heading: The "professional staff" will consist of a far richer mix of persons and ex
Content: 

Heading: periences as the Ph.D. become reserved as a degree for those who choose ca
Content: 

Heading: reers in research and scholarship-and as tenure policy evolves to a point which
Content: 

Heading: ciparlv separates academic freedom from job security.
Content: 

Heading: A three-year degree based on maturity and achievement rather than the
Content: 

Heading: number of courses and calendar months completed wiU be the norm at Bucknell.
Content: 

Heading: (The end of college deferments this year probably will bnng this into existence
Content: 

Heading: within a year.)
Content: 

Heading: Old Store located at G u y s 1948 - 1951.
Content: 

Heading: Present btore in Carnegie
Content: 

Heading: Happy
Content: 

Heading: 125th Anniversary from your
Content: 

Heading: Drop In |
Content: 

Heading: Next |
Content: 

Heading: September |
Content: 

Heading: and see l
Content: 

Heading: what its like) I
Content: 

Heading: Future
Content: 

Heading: Location at
Content: 

Heading: University
Content: 

Heading: Center
Content: 

Heading: 1971
Content: --

Heading: t s s a a a a a s a B B i s
Content: 

Heading: Any forecast of Bucknell's future will _ re
Content: 

Heading: veal the present distance between our aspirations
Content: 

Heading: and our capacities, but it should also show how
Content: 

Heading: far we have come. Fifteen years ago our endow
Content: 

Heading: ment at market value was $4,726,288, average
Content: 

Heading: faculty compensation was approximately $4,500,
Content: 

Heading: and we had available for student financial aid
Content: President Charles H. Watts, II

Heading: $158,034. Our plant was valued at $7,659,835.
Content: 

Heading: Today the endowment is $22,300,870, average fac
Content: 

Heading: ulty compensation is $12,542, financial aid is at
Content: 

Heading: $1,338,669, and the plant is valued at $22,417,379.
Content: 

Heading: These are crude and external measures of a
Content: 

Heading: very considerable increase in what might be called
Content: 

Heading: our scholarly worth -- the combined intellectual
Content: 

Heading: and creative efforts of faculty and students. These
Content: 

Heading: efforts cannot be grasped, but they can be felt,
Content: 

Heading: and as they go so goes the real usefulness of the
Content: 

Heading: University. Our prime and not new obligation for
Content: 

Heading: tomorrow must continue to be their enhancement.
Content: 

Heading: It has always been hard to further scholarship
Content: 

Heading: and learning, not least because the effects of both
Content: 

Heading: take so long to be proved worthwhile. It will be
Content: 

Heading: especially hard to do so in the immediate future,
Content: 

Heading: thanks to the fundamental changes our culture is
Content: 

Heading: undergoing.
Content: 

Heading: Societal progress depends now upon the de
Content: 

Heading: velopment and right application of knowledge,
Content: 

Heading: new and old and -- as always -- upon wide ac
Content: 

Heading: ceptance of value systems which are humane. It
Content: 

Heading: now appears that both of these requisites are more
Content: 

Heading: nearly products of colleges and universities than
Content: 

Heading: they have been before, which means that what
Content: 

Heading: Bucknell does tomorrow will heve greater national
Content: 

Heading: consequence.
Content: 

Heading: No one yet knows quite what this increased
Content: 

Heading: relevance for institutions lige Bucknell will mean.
Content: 

Heading: As social demands upon us grow, we>> could lose all
Content: 

Heading: sense of direction by trying to be all things to all
Content: 

Heading: men. As our problems of finance become more
Content: 

Heading: severe, we could find ourselves only a minor unit
Content: 

Heading: in a publicly funded national system of higher
Content: 

Heading: education, our autonomy sharply reduced. As
Content: 

Heading: knowledge increases and curricular porliferate, we
Content: 

Heading: could become a confused educational supermarket.
Content: 

Heading: And unless we learn more rapidly about the nature
Content: 

Heading: of learning, we could betray our graduates, for
Content: 

Heading: they will be among the first generations who must
Content: 

Heading: for survival continue to learn.
Content: 

Heading: Even this brief litany is harsh, but it does
Content: 

Heading: point to some extraodinary opportunities. If what
Content: 

Heading: we do really is useful, we will find the needed sup
Content: 

Heading: port. If we can sharpen our sense of institutional
Content: 

Heading: purpose we will be able to make curricular sense of
Content: 

Heading: the flood of new knowledge. If we are bold enough
Content: 

Heading: in our pedagogy, we can leave with our students a
Content: 

Heading: taste for learning which will sustain them for a
Content: 

Heading: long time.
Content: 

Heading: We are coming upon a time of change in
Content: 

Heading: educational purpose and method which will reveal
Content: 

Heading: the great growth of the country's colleges and
Content: 

Heading: universities in the past fifteen years for what it
Content: 

Heading: is, an extraordinary but incomplete and imperfect
Content: 

Heading: beginning. We've been operating at forced draft
Content: 

Heading: for quite a time now, and the reaction -- fatigue,
Content: 

Heading: anger over both excesses and inadequacies, frus
Content: 

Heading: tration in the face of constant change -- has set
Content: 

Heading: in. Some of us would like to stop the whole affair
Content: 

Heading: and get off. Others want to throw out all we have
Content: 

Heading: imperfectly built. Neither alternative is possible
Content: 

Heading: nor makes sense. We will have to work harder now
Content: 

Heading: for change, and we will have to make more certain
Content: 

Heading: that each change is valid. Yesterday was easy.
Content: 

Heading: I can see a couple of things as nearly certain
Content: 

Heading: for us in the future.
Content: 

Heading: We will reconcile, or at least keep in proper
Content: 

Heading: tension, tht two presently competing movements
Content: 

Heading: in higher education, the one oriented narrowly to
Content: 

Heading: the production and dissemination of knowledge,
Content: 

Heading: the other oriented to the development and sensi
Content: 

Heading: tizing of each student as a whole and separate
Content: 

Heading: person. If they prove irreconcilable, we are done.
Content: 

Heading: What all of us want is a life of worthwhile labor;
Content: 

Heading: what frustrates us about our society is that it
Content: 

Heading: seemed to offer so few opportunities for it. The
Content: 

Heading: only way to live such a life in our day is to know
Content: 

Heading: enough -- mere unaided virtue is insufficient.
Content: 

Heading: We will at long last make human sense of
Content: 

Heading: our campuses. We don't now; really know what to
Content: 

Heading: do with them, which is in part why we anguish
Content: 

Heading: so in our search for a true academic community.
Content: 

Heading: Ideally all that we do -- in class and out -- should
Content: 

Heading: reinforce our central intellectual purposes. Clearly
Content: 

Heading: it doesn't now, so we debate about dormitory hours
Content: 

Heading: on the one hand and the inflexibility of classroom
Content: 

Heading: methods on the other. To use a presently un
Content: 

Heading: popular word, universities are artificial constructs,
Content: 

Heading: as they should be, designed to do a limited number
Content: 

Heading: of things. They are not microcosms of anything.
Content: 

Heading: We will learn how to run them better, keeping
Content: 

Heading: responsibility and capacity together and sharing
Content: 

Heading: more than we do now in their governance.
Content: 

Heading: Charles H. Watts II
Content: 

Heading: MAGAZINE BUSINESS CREDITS
Content: 

Heading: Financial Consultant
Content: 

Heading: ..........
Content: 

Heading: John Dickerson
Content: 

Heading: Business S ta ff
Content: 

Heading: .......................
Content: 

Heading: Tom Patterson
Content: 

Heading: Jim Nock
Content: 

Heading: Dave Stein
Content: .J f e r

Heading: VOLUME LXXUI -  NO. 48
Content: 

Heading: FRIDAY. MAY 7, 1971
Content: 

Heading: 'Che JBucknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG. PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Women's Honorary Picks
Content: 

Heading: Stevenson as Secretary
Content: 

Heading: Pessimism Prevailed
Content: Miss Mary Jane Stevenson, dean of women, has been named to the newly-created
    position of executive secretary of Alpha Lambda Delta, national scholastic
    honor society for freshman women. She will assume her new post on July 1,
    but will continue to serve the University on a part-time basis as assistant
    to the dean of student affairs, according to an announce ment by President
    Charles

Heading: H.
Content: Watts. " We congratulate Miss Stevenson upon being selected for this im portant
    position for which she is so eminently qualified by virtue of her
    professional achievements and special talents," said President Watts. " We
    are especially pleased that her new assignment will permit her to continue
    her valuable service to Bucknell's students." As executive secretary of
    Alpha Lambda Delta, Miss Stevenson will maintain at her home an office which
    will serve as national head-

Heading: Publication Date
Content: The final issue of THE BUCK- NELLIAN for this semester will be published next
    Thursday. quarters for the society's 165 chap ters across the country. As
    assistant to the dean of stu dent affairs, Miss Setvenson will continue to
    represent the needs and concerns of women to the Uni versity community and
    will also continue her service as adviser to the Associated Women Students
    and to the Panhellenic Council, Dunlop said. She currently serves as chair
    man for Spring Weekend and will continue that work also. Miss Stevenson has
    served as dean of women here since 1947. A graduate of Westminister College,
    she received her master's degree in student personnel work from Ohio
    University. She served as as sistant dean of women at the Pen nsylvania
    State University and dean of women at Albright College and at Westminister,
    prior to joining the administration here.

Heading: Sparse Student Turnout
Content: 

Heading: Mars Memorial Service
Content: By NICKI DREW " It is the men of peace who are dying to share it with the
    world." These words, spoken by Chaplain James Gardner, boomed across the
    quadrangle Wedenesday afternoon to a scattering of several hundred students
    gathered together to com memorate the deaths of the stu dents at Kent and
    Jackson State last May. After a brief message from Rev erend Gardner and
    Father Bernard Petrina, the spiritual portion of the Memorial Service was
    concluded with the Lord's Prayer, and a series of speakers, representing
    faculty, administration, and students, step ped forward to express their
    thoughts and feelings in regard to

Heading: Question Responsibility
Content: 

Heading: Profs Analyze Department Chairman Roles
Content: By STEVE KNIGHT What authority and responsi bilities should a department chair
    man have? Several University de partment chairmen discussed their views on
    the subject in an inter view with the Bucknellian. Dr. Douglas Sturm,
    chairman of the religion department, presented the idea of modifying the
    role of the department chairman last week at the meeting of the American
    Association of University Profes sors. Dr. Sturm emphasized the im portance
    of the department chair man as the only formal channel be tween University
    administration and faculty. He also pointed out the import ance of a
    chairman's decisions on such matters as salary level and tenure for an
    individual faculty member.

Heading: Contention Shrouds
Content: 

Heading: 'Cancelled' Meeting
Content: By JANET RUSSO In keeping with the philosophy of " no business as usual"  on May
    5, Bob Nachshin, ABS President, de cided against holding a regular Wednesday
    night meeting. He over ruled the steering committee's vote of 3 to 1 (Russ
    Pais absent) to con duct a meeting. Chuck Resnick, ABS treasurer, was going
    to run the meeting as of Tuesday night. However, upon ex amining Article I
    of the Constitu tion early Wednesday morning, it was realized that only the
    president has been given the power " to call and preside over meetings,"  or
    the vice president in his absence. At noon Wednesday the secretaries were
    instructed to notify all mem bers that there would be no meet ing that
    evening. These proceedings were unknown to the nine representatives who did
    arrive for the meeting, and who questioned the legality of such pro
    ceedings. They felt there was suf ficient reason to conduct a meeting and
    discuss the agenda as it was outlined. They, therefore conducted the
    meeting. Resnick's motion concerning the re-allocation of the student fee of
    $30 was accepted and will be pre sented as a referendum next Thurs day. A
    revised proposal on the im plementation of the visitation policy from the
    student affairs commit tee's recommendations, was then presented by Neil
    Hendershot, LUR member, and was passed. The final action was the appointment
    of one sophomore student to the traffic committee. Upon consulting Nachshin
    later, he declared that the jneeting and any decisions made were unconsti
    tutional due to the fact that neither he nor Pais had called the meeting nor
    were present. Added to the legal problem is the fact that a quorum of the
    Congress was not present. An inconsistency is brought forth in this
    statement however, because last week's meet ing was considered official,
    despite the fact that a quorum did not exist. It is believed that proposals
    and amendments will be made at next week's meeting, in order to clarify
    existing policy. In place of the current setup, Dr. Sturm believes there
    should be a method by which faculty members can review a chairman's
    decisions. He also feels that some organiza tion should be responsible for
    evalu ating the individual chairman. As a possible solution to the " pri
    vileged"  position which department chairmen now enjoy, Dr. Sturm would be
    in favor of a faculty re viewing committee to judge the performance of each
    chairman. In contrast, Dr. David Ray, chair man of the mathematics depart
    ment, emphasizes that all of a chairman's decisions are under con stant
    review by both fellow faculty members and the University ad ministration.
    Dr. Ray cited the fact that in most departments, chairmen are elected by the
    other members of their department, and can, there fore, be removed by a
    concensus vote. He also emphasized the general procedure in which a
    chairman's decisions are subject to the ap proval of the dean of the
    respective college and the provost as a limit ing factor upon the chairman's
    au tonomy. Dr. Ray stated that he would not be in favor of a faculty
    reviewing committee to replace the current setup. Dr. Harry Garvin, chairman
    of the English department, is also aware of the many limitations upon a
    chairman's autonomy. Dr. Garvin notes that within his own department,
    committees have been formed to handle some of the administrative matters
    which were formerly reserved exclusively for the chairman. By BILL WHITNEY
    Director of Admissions, Fritz Walling, stated recently that the admissions
    committee " is shooting for a freshman class"  of approxi mately 725
    students next semester. At this time acceptance deposits are still being
    received so that few details or statistics (class ranks or average SAT
    scores) are yet avail able. Walling stated that he is hoping for more than
    725 acceptances be cause he expects what he terms "considerable summer
    erosion." He noted that "all private schools had fewer applications"  than
    usual this year (they were down almost 10 per cent here) and consequently
    the University, like other private institutions, " made proportionally more
    offers"  than before. Therefore, Walling expects there will be "
    considerable movement" during the summer months, as the Although he comments
    that, " I am open to the possibility of change,"  he remains cautious about
    the possible implications of a new system and would have to study a new
    proposal carefully before mak ing a decision. Dr. Robert Slonaker, chairman
    of the chemical engineering depart ment, expressed concern about the
    decisions of a faculty reviewing committee perhaps hindering the everyday
    duties of a chairman. Dr. Slonaker observed that, " People tend to forget
    that a de partment chairman is just another faculty member who has been en-
    ( Continued on Page 4) the situation in this country a year after the
    shootings in Ohio and Mississippi. Representing President Watts was Provost
    Wendell Smith who, after expressing disappointment in the poor turn-out at
    the Service, read a statement from the president. Although he referred to
    the ever present evidence of " man's old in capacity to find peace within
    him self,"  Watts expressed the opti mism of the speech he gave last May
    during the strike to an all campus gathering on the quad. There has been a "
    change in the American priorities," he said, and " that change has been
    sharpened and hastened by those who are young." A series of less optimistic
    speech es followed. Dennis Baumwoll, as sistant professor of English, admit
    ted to feeling a " sense of futility about it all."  Looking back at last
    year's protestation, Baumwoll ad mits to believing at one time that the
    tragic shooting of the six stu dents was a turning point in the " madness."
    Although there have been signs of triumph and enthusiasm, " we have ravaged
    Cambodia, devastated Laos, and reduced our troops while we increase the
    bombing"  in Viet nam. " One wonders what has chang- (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Peeler Represents University
Content: 

Heading: At National AAUP Conference
Content: 

Heading: Director Walling 'Shoots'
Content: 

Heading: For 725 New Freshmen
Content: more prestigious schools accept ap plicants from their waiting lists, and some
    students planning to attend this University will move elsewhere. The
    admissions committee is hop ing for approximately 450 to 475 ac ceptances
    from men and 250 to 275 from women to achieve the goal of 725 in September.
    Walling noted, however, that there " shouldn't be any decrease in quality"
    in the Class of '75. The freshman class is expected to be " similar in
    quality to last year's class"  because it is smaller. With regard to the
    present hous ing problem, he stated that the ad missions committee " defined
    the freshman class"  for next year with curriculum and housing in mind. The
    committee is " sensitive to the housing situation"  but does not ex pect as
    large a problem as pro duced by the present " abnormally large"  Freshman
    class. By BILL DECKER Collective bargaining, status of women, anti-nepotism,
    academic freedom, the situation in South-east Asia, and the economic
    situation in America were topics of discussion at the fifty-seventh annual
    meeting of the American Association of Uni versity Professors. Dr. John A.
    Peeler, assistant pro fessor of political science, attended the meeting as
    delegate from the University. The delegates, meeting in Phila delphia in
    April, passed resolutions including the use of the National Labor Relations
    Board in bargain ing for faculty interests, the right of censure in
    discrimination against women, and the objection to nepo tism when hiring
    faculty. Also included were resolutions providing for the rights of non-ten-
    ured faculty, governmental en croachments on freedom, objection to American
    involvement in Viet nam, and the acknowledgement of the poor state of the
    American economy. Commenting on the AAUP's in fluence, Dr. Peeler said, "
    It's major sanctioning power it the threat of censure for violating academic
    free dom. In most cases this is enough to cause the administration to change
    ways." A main concern about the use of the National Labor Relations Board is
    that though they have jurisdic tion in colleges, their primary work has been
    in industrial relations. Dif ferences between the academic world and labor
    can arise. " The faculty believes they have the right to decide,"  Dr.
    Peeler added in exemplifying a difficulty that might arise between the fac
    ulty and the NLRB. Also condemned were policies con cerning nepotism, hiring
    faculty and staff members on the basis of family relations. The resolution
    stated that nepotism was "wholly unrelated to academic qualifica- tions and
    limit them unfairly in their opportunity to practice their profession." The
    delegates asked for protection of the non-tenured faculty. A sys tematic set
    of standards for evalu ating faculty members drawn up by a faculty committee
    was needed. Immediate withdrawal of troops from South-east Asia was passed
    with a small minority opposing. In viewing the poor economic situation of
    America, delegates observed that compensation for faculty members in the
    country as a whole was about six-percent, less than one-percent over the
    country's inflation role of five-percent.

Heading: iBsnrance Available
Content: 

Heading: To Dorm Residents
Content: An insurance policy covering per sonal property loss for students living in
    residence halls is being of fered for next semester by the National Student
    Services, Inc. Losses of personal property over $25.00 and up to $1500.00
    due to theft, fire, vandalism, and from damage due to water, wind, smoke, or
    explosion are covered in the pro gram. Personal items such as articles of
    clothing, electronic equipment, furniture, musical instruments, and hobby
    equipment are covered by the program; items such as checks, currency,
    tickets for commercial transportation, autos, bikes, contact lenses,
    artificial teeth, and other items are not covered in the pro gram. The
    policy is unique in that it is the only such program offered to three
    million students. Because of the high number of students, cover age can be
    offered for $7.70 each year. " The University is not encourag- (Continued on
    Page 4) mmm . . '

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: Body-in-Its-Milieu '
Content: 

Heading: "Physical education is conceived as
Content: 

Heading: the exploration in theory and practice
Content: 

Heading: of the character and import of 'play'
Content: 

Heading: where play is defined as the capacity of
Content: 

Heading: the body or self to react to, to interact
Content: 

Heading: with, to imaginatively vary, to respond
Content: 

Heading: to and be responsible for the structure
Content: 

Heading: of "body-in-its-milieu" of which it is a
Content: 

Heading: part."
Content: 

Heading: At Monday's faculty meeting, John
Content: 

Heading: Kirkland, assistant professor of history,
Content: 

Heading: will present a motion calling for a re-
Content: 

Heading: evaluation of the physical education pro
Content: 

Heading: gram and the implementation of a one-
Content: 

Heading: year requirement. Reaction has ranged
Content: 

Heading: from enthusiastic support to inquiries
Content: 

Heading: as to the motion's comical nature. De
Content: 

Heading: spite a few important problems with its
Content: 

Heading: implementation, it would be unfortunate
Content: 

Heading: if the faculty dealt with the motion as
Content: 

Heading: if it were some sort of a joke.
Content: 

Heading: The real worth of the motion lies
Content: 

Heading: in its outline of " the working rationale
Content: 

Heading: in physical education" which is cited
Content: 

Heading: above. This is also the part that is ridi
Content: 

Heading: culed as phenomenological rhetoric. Read
Content: 

Heading: the motion again if you feel this way.
Content: 

Heading: The study of man, and the actions of
Content: 

Heading: man, as an imaginative, innovative, and
Content: 

Heading: interacting self has long been neglected.
Content: 

Heading: A redefinition of phys ed provides a real
Content: 

Heading: opportunity for this study of the unit
Content: 

Heading: self. The possibilities are infinite, from
Content: 

Heading: sensitivity sessions to hikes in the
Content: 

Heading: country to creative dance to tennis.
Content: 

Heading: The study of such actions can pro
Content: 

Heading: vide "an opportunity for students to ex
Content: 

Heading: periment practically and critically with
Content: 

Heading: the fundamental context in and through
Content: 

Heading: which the issues of health-sickness, per
Content: 

Heading: ception - misperception, competition - co
Content: 

Heading: operation, conformity-creativity, soli
Content: 

Heading: tude-socialization may be instructively
Content: 

Heading: explored." The program would clearly
Content: 

Heading: be as rigorous as those now offered in
Content: 

Heading: the University, outside of the phys ed
Content: 

Heading: department itself.
Content: 

Heading: Several problems arise in the im
Content: 

Heading: plementation of the ideals already ex
Content: 

Heading: pressed. The motion calls for the appoint
Content: 

Heading: ment of a committee of " specialists in
Content: 

Heading: experimental design, creative expression,
Content: 

Heading: testing and measurement, development,
Content: 

Heading: learning, recreation, etc., to work with
Content: 

Heading: selected members of the departments of
Content: 

Heading: physical education to transform the
Content: 

Heading: above rationale into programs and hy
Content: 

Heading: potheses which could be subject to eval
Content: 

Heading: uation." Does Mr. Kirkland have that
Content: 

Heading: much faith in the present phys ed staff
Content: 

Heading: and its adaptability to the study of
Content: 

Heading: "body-in-its-milieu" ? It appears naive
Content: 

Heading: to ask coaches of intercollegiate sports
Content: 

Heading: who act as part-time gym teachers to
Content: 

Heading: shift gears into the world of " self-in-a
Content: 

Heading: situation." Coaches who spend much of
Content: 

Heading: their time lobbying for additional funds
Content: 

Heading: for "their boys" may have some trouble
Content: 

Heading: with a program which appears to de
Content: 

Heading: mand one's entire time.
Content: 

Heading: The motion itself calls for an evalua
Content: 

Heading: tion of the progress of the program, but
Content: 

Heading: specifies no time for the evaluation and
Content: 

Heading: in what manner it is to be made. This
Content: 

Heading: must be specified.
Content: 

Heading: We cannot agree with the proposed
Content: 

Heading: one year requirement, which appears to
Content: 

Heading: be a contradiction of the definition of
Content: 

Heading: physical education. The motion argues
Content: 

Heading: that the requirement is necessary "in
Content: 

Heading: order to meet the conditions necessary
Content: 

Heading: for an experimental design." It asks for
Content: 

Heading: a guaranteed number of (inevitably)
Content: 

Heading: freshman guinea pigs. No study of the
Content: 

Heading: self can be conducted in an atmosphere
Content: 

Heading: where some of the participants are pre
Content: 

Heading: sent only because of some bureaucratic
Content: 

Heading: edict, and not their own free will. If Mr.
Content: 

Heading: Kirkland has so much confidence in the
Content: 

Heading: worth of the program, he also ought to
Content: 

Heading: have the confidence in finding constitu
Content: 

Heading: ency of students interested in taking the
Content: 

Heading: course. In fact, it is unclear in the motion
Content: 

Heading: if the program is to run for one year or
Content: 

Heading: if a series of one-year requirements is re
Content: 

Heading: quested.
Content: 

Heading: The Kirkland motion deserves care
Content: 

Heading: ful consideration. It ought to be passed,
Content: 

Heading: but without the requested requirement.
Content: 

Heading: The implementation of the program
Content: 

Heading: might lead to a healthier self and a
Content: 

Heading: breach of the Davis Gym fortress.
Content: 

Heading: Jazz Responsibility
Content: To the Editor: In view of the overwhelming turn out at the West Chester State
    Jazz Band-Inner Tube concert on Sunday, May 2, 1 feel compelled to publicly
    express my gratitude to the con scientious " news editors" of The BucknelUan
    for their beyond-the-call -of-duty advertising of the event. You people have
    done your (very little) bit for Culture by desperately avoiding any type of
    thorough dis semination of the news and have vastly contributed to the
    awareness of Bucknell students and the litter of junk mail and posters on
    campus, not to mention the morale of the kids who give their time and
    talents to make things happen around here. . .

Heading: FEEDBACK: Counselors Reply
Content: To the Editor: In the past few issues of The Bucknellian, various articles ap
    peared which criticize the selection process of Junior Counselors and the
    JC's role in the freshmen dorm itory. The undersigned Junior Coun selors of
    Trax Hall do acknowledge the presence of certain problems re garding the
    realm of the counselor. We do, however, believe that some previous attacks
    on the JC deter mination, orientation, and role cognizance have been based
    largely on personal feelings. The criticisms often discredit, misinterpret,
    and misrepresent the merits of the administrative selec tion policy and the
    orientation and role behavior of the counselor. Until the presentation of
    Don Thompson's article, " JC's Uncertain about Their Role"  Trax Hall
    counselors' senti ment was indifferent. No reply was deemed necessary. The
    emotional undertones and biases were blatant. But now we feel compelled and
    warranted to denounce an article written out of ignorance, be it partial or
    total. . . The assertion that there is a " glaring lack of communication be-
    tween the counselors and the resi dent directors"  is inapplicable to Trax
    Hall. The JCs have developed a rapport with the freshmen. They have
    established a similar relation ship with Resident Director Steve Turner. . .
    The keenest source of communica tion has been through his hall counselors.
    We feel our individual conferences with Steve or the week ly meetings
    attended by Steve and all the counselors have satisfied the goals and solved
    the problems which arose, in spite of Mr. Thompson's belief that counselors'
    meetings are " either unproductive or non-existent." On several occasions we
    have in vited members of the administra tion and student government to at
    tend our meetings and clarify policies or advise us on specific problems.
    One particularly vital asset that we have in this dorm is the com munication
    between and among counselors. An incapable or unin terested Head Resident
    could dis rupt such communication as well as cause numerous other problems.
    Our Head Resident has been a

Heading: % \}t
Content: 

Heading: pucknellian
Content: 

Heading: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY
Content: Established 1897. Published twice weekly during the coUege year. Member of
    Associated Collegiate Press. Annual subscription, $7.00, payable in advance.
    Entered as second class matter on September 21. 1922, at the post office at
    Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 1879.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON
Content: 

Heading: Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: Business Manager
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN PLATFORM
Content: To review any issue and take a stand we deem in the best interest of the
    University, to treat every issue with the responsibility that is accorded us
    in a free society, to be constructively critical when necessary as well as
    lauda tory when appropriate, and to print the news with accuracy and
    integrity. Editorials appearing on this page reflect the consensttt opinion
    of the editorial board. Signed columns present the views only of the
    authors. The Editor reserves the right to choose all letters for
    publication, and to edit any letter chosen for reasons of space
    restrictions, grammatical change and offensive language. Office: Focht
    Printing Co., 229 Market Street, Consultant: Brad Tufts. 524-1221 523-4221

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MAY 7, 1971 major link in this communication as well as relating our concerns
    through administrative channels. He has, at times, been the coun selor's
    counselor. . . If our hall is not functioning pro perly, we follow our own
    beliefs and perceptions in order to regulate the problem. We do not brandish
    rules wildly nor blindly. It is fool ish to profess that we feel we " are
    supposed to be policemen." The freshmen in our halls know we are not
    authoritarian figures, even though we posses the potential to exercise
    authority. The administration have greatly expanded JC roles over the last
    two years. There is now substantial flexibility. Rules have been sub
    stituted by reason. Peaceful co existence, academic excellence, and an
    expanding maturity are the goals. . . Even though the most important aspect
    of being a good counselor is to be oneself, we feel that the counselor
    orientation has at times proved invaluable. We do not always learn what to
    do in certain instances, but mostly what to ex pect. . . Counselor
    orientation has already begun this spring and will resume 2 days before the
    new freshmen ar rive. It has entailed reading books on counseling advice and
    drug use and a basic acquaintance with the University branches, officials,
    and their functions. Throughout the year we have dis cussed and proposed
    revisions and additions to the entire counseling program. Th feollowing new
    additionally stressed topics were submitted: 1. explicit knowledge of the
    Uni versity judicial system and punishment specifications 2. more
    interaction of new coun selors with past junior coun selors 3. better
    understanding of Coun seling Services a. more emergency and ab normal
    counseling training from Dr. Wilder, clinical psychologist of the Counsel
    ing Service 4. more drug training

Heading: 6
Content: . 7. 5. closer working and understand ing of the SIS (Student Infor mation
    Service; drugs, birth control and abortion, hotline) increased awareness of
    extra curricular activities acquaintance with Student Gov ernment
    representatives and procedures Some of the suggestions already have been
    incorporated into the training program. Others are still under
    consideration, but we feel they will be approved. . . Don Thompson observed
    that there is " non-communication and a lack of confidence between student
    personnel and residence hall ad ministrators."  This is valid to a certain
    extent, only if he is refer ring to the channels between resi dent hall
    counselors and Freshmen Residence Hall officials and of University
    administrators. Some of the problem will be al leviated by more contact and
    learn ing from past JCs. Improved counselor orientation will also aid. But
    there must be increased inter action feedback, and confidence directly
    between the counselors and the particular administrative of fice. . . The
    administration should revise the counselor selection process. There should
    be more emphasis on peer evaluations, not just from present University
    counselors. Rec ommendations from professors are a possible source. But the
    interview schedule should be greatly expand ed. Present freshmen evaluations
    of their counselor can be a valid in dication of effectiveness and should be
    retained as a judgement cri terion for reapplying counselors. . . Hopefully
    the readers will realize that this letter was written not only in rebuttal,
    but also out of concern and desire for improvement. Our involvement provides
    an excellent vantage point from where we clear ly see the shortcomings of
    the JC system. However, we are dismayed at the rash judgements and dearth of
    constructive suggestions from others. Sincerely, The Junior Counselors of
    Trax Hall Effective journalism hinges as much on a sense of responsibility
    as it does on writing talent, and that responsibility to students and the
    things they are doing should never be pre-empted for the sake of off- campus
    advertisers or needlessly lengthy feature stories. Sincerely, Kathy Hacker
    Gary M. Raynor Gerry Hoffman

Heading: M eaningless M edals
Content: To the Editor: The recent FEEDBACK letter by the ROTC faculty cannot go un
    challenged. I would like to know how many a. " gooks,"  b. human beings (cho
    ose one) had to die for you to col lect your 43 medals? How many innocent
    women and children were killed or maimed? How many vil lages destroyed? I do
    not presume to speak for Prof. Rinkus, but I would guess that being " in the
    field where the war is being fought"  would have only served to make him
    sicker about what we are doing. I suggest you gentlemen review again the
    actions recently in Washington where vet erans who fought our war turned in
    their valueless pieces of tin and ribbon in order to live with them selves.
    Peace, Paul Pickard

Heading: Counselors
Content: To the Editor: Dear Patty Grier: article. Love, John Reread my

Heading: Vietnam  V ets
Content: To the Editor: As a former veteran I have be come increasingly concerned about
    the brutalizing effect of the war on those compelled to fight it. I would
    urge all young men to reflect care fully and question seriously whether they
    can continue to support the Indo-China war by cooperating with the draft.
    For those who have friends or relatives presently serv ing in the armed
    forces I would urge them to explore the possibility of obtaining a discharge
    by seek ing information from the Vietnam Veterans Against the War, Room 735,
    156 Fifth Ave., New York, N.Y. 10010 . As a former intelligence officer I
    have also become concerned with the attack on our civil libertiies and the
    right to privacy resulting from military surveillance of civilians. I would
    urge any veteran of any rank who may have served in army in telligence and
    is familiar with spe cific incidents of military surveil lance of civilians
    to provide that in formation to Senator Ervin's In vestigative Committee on
    Consti tutional Rights. Anyone prepared to divulge such information should
    contact me or preferably Mr. Ralph Stein, a former intelligence officer and
    chief investigator for Senator Ervin, at his Subcommittee on Constitutional
    Rights, Old Senate Office Building, Washington, D.C. Jerome J. Rinkus
    Captain USAR (Retired)

Heading: FACULTY STUDY"
Content: 

Heading: University Discrimination
Content: ______ By JEAN WILLIAMS and SUSAN LOUGHLIN _ Last April and May, the Women's
    Equity Action League and the National Organiation for Women filed complaints
    of sexual discrimination in hiring against 150 colleges and universities.
    Subsequent investigations forced more than 2,000 schools to open their
    personnel records to inspec tion by Federal agents. If Bucknell were
    investigated, would sexual dis crimination in faculty employment be
    revealed? First, note the percentage of faculty members who are women:
    13.5%. And the number of female chair'men' of academic departments: 1 - the
    head of the women's phys. ed. department. In what rank are most women
    faculty members? Of the three lower ranks, (Assistants, Lecturers, and
    Instructors), 16 of 49, or 32.6%, are women. However, there is consider able
    thinning out of the women's ranks when the three higher posts (Pro fessor,
    Associate Professor, and Assistant Professor) are considered: 13 of 198, or
    6.6%, are female. Why? Aren't women capable of filling these higher
    positions? The lack of motivational models for the girl has become a matter
    of concern to educators, some of whom have strongly urged that the uni
    versity give more thought to providing models for undergrad women by
    employing more women faculty members in prestige positions to demon strate
    that such fields are open to qualified women. The absence of women in
    faculty posts and positions of authority cannot help but affect negatively
    the students' general attitudes toward women's capabilities, as well as the
    women students' achievement motivation and future occupa tional goals. Why
    aren't more women hired here? The conditions of work are not ideal: lack of
    other women faculty with whom to associate, lack of day care facilities for
    women faculty with children, unstated policy on ma ternity leave, relegation
    of women to secondary positions, lack of active recruitment of women,
    unwritten and ambigious policies prohibiting sim ultaneous employment of
    husband and wife, and wage discrimination. Women faculty are paid
    considerably less than males for the same work. For example, the median
    salary for male and female professors combined is $16,639. However, the
    median salary for women professors alone is only $14,780. Associate
    professors? Median of all: $12,974; median of women, $11,325, and so on. . .
    How are such consistent wage discrepancies explained? That's the key to the
    problem. They are not explained at all. There is no policy re garding hiring
    of women, or recognizing the needs of women faculty as a legitimate minority
    group at Bucknell. It is doubly hard to combat pre judicial attitudes that
    are not brought out in the open and given body and definite policy. It is
    imperative that official recognition be given the needs of women as a
    minority group within the university, and that policies be formulated and
    implemented that are directed toward rectifying present inequities and
    disadvanteges experienced by women in hiring practices, wages, and decisions
    of promotion and tenure. Refusal to recognize the existence of
    discriminatory practices should not be tolerated by educated persons.

Heading: Infirmary Ignores Girls' Needs,
Content: 

Heading: Refuses to Provide Gynecologist
Content: We all know that when we com pare Bucknell with state schools or when we compare
    the University today with the Bucknell of yester day, women have it
    comparatively better, and we should all be grate ful, (we are told).
    University pub lications exude great airs of belief in equality and
    individuality, but somehow the general attitude to ward women implied by the
    prac tices of the University seems to put this in question. How does
    Bucknell see the Bucknell woman? Ah, yes, things have changed - women are
    allowed to live off campus, make their own meal ar rangements, and set their
    own cur fews. The trend is in our favor, I admit, but Bucknell hardly treats
    women as capable of making de cisions irf their own best interests. Why are
    women still locked in their halls at night when men are not? (Sure, we know,
    mad rapists would ravage the Bucknell beauties . . .) Why must women under
    twenty-one bring a signed slip to prove that their parents approve of their
    living off campus, when this is not re quired of male students? (The land
    lord usually requires this signature to make a lease legally binding, but
    why the University?) Why do freshmen women have hours when freshmen men do
    not? There are, of course, reasons for these decis ions which sound fairly "
    reason able"  and some of them even make sense. The questions here are
    raised to question the actual intent of these regulations. More serious
    questions which need to be asked, however, lie in the failure of the
    University to meet some very real needs of her women students, particularly
    those needs in the medical realm. The University does not have a
    gynecologist, nor will the infirmary provide gynecological services. Why
    not? (1) " We don't have dental surgeons or sight specialists either - we
    cannot provide such specialized services."  If there were 800 partial ly
    blind students here, would we hire a sight specialist? Think about it -
    approximately a third of the student body is being denied an es- This page
    is the result of the collective effort of interested wo men at this
    University. We want to open peoples' eyes to the women's situation here, we
    wish to encourage dialogue on the subject, and we hope that the groundwork
    for future research which is sorely needed has been layed. This is only the
    beginn ing. Women of the World Unite! sential medical service. Anyway, I
    would maintain that treating the eyes or the teeth is hardly analo gous to
    treating women. (2) " We cannot afford to hire a gynecolo gist." Maybe not,
    but why can't the infirmary doctors provide gyne cological services that
    general prac- tioners usually provide their pa tients? (3) " The infirmary
    is de signed to meet common medical needs of her students and provide
    emergency aid; we cannot be a

Heading: Women in Academe -# AAUP Considers Situation
Content: By MARYANN BRANDT (Condensed from " The Second Sex in Academe"  by Ann Suther
    land Harris in the AAUP Bulletin, Sept., 1970. Research into the prob lem of
    discrimination against wo men in higher education is handi capped at present
    by the scarcity of studies of individual colleges and universities. This
    article is based on up-to-date statistics available from the University of
    Chicago.) Several remarks by men famous in the academic world reveal all too
    clearly how women are re garded in Academe. When former President Nathan
    Pusey of Har vard realized that the draft was going to reduce the number of
    men applying to Harvard's graduate school, his reaction was, " She shall be
    left with the blind, the lame, and the women."  Sometimes there ap pears in
    serious publications what appears to be a reasonable objec tion to giving
    women the same op portunities as men, that is, that women are enrolling in
    graduate schools without having seriously considered the obligation they are
    assuming by requesting that such expenditures be made for them. That women
    who go to graduate school do make a serious commit ment is proved by studies
    that have taken into account the degree of education of working women. The
    amount of education a woman has received is a more important factor with
    respect to her decision to work than either marriage or children. For
    example, Helen Astin found that of 2000 women doctorates sur veyed ten years
    after completion of their Ph.D.'s, 91% were working, 81% of them full time.
    Responses to a questionnaire pub lished by the AAUW (American As sociation
    of University Women) in its January 1970 Journal showed that the majority of
    over 3,000 men who replied believed " that women's first responsibility is
    to be the feminine companion of men and a # mother, that women have less
    need to achieve in the working world, that they have adequate opportunity to
    develop their potential, that the job turnover rate and sick-leave rate of
    women is higher than that of men, and that women have dif ficulty dealing
    with males in sub ordinate positions. It should be quite obvious, however,
    that those women who wish to become professors, lawyers, and doctors can
    hardly have less need to achieve in the working world than men, for they
    will need far more determination than men to reach the same status and enjoy
    the same opportunities. The sick-leave rate and turn-over rates for women
    are, according to latest figures from the Women's Bureau of the Department
    of Labor, slightly lower than those of men. The way men treat women in em
    ployment situations and in higher education is a simple one: the high er the
    job or education level, the fewer women are tolerated. Overt discrimination
    against wo men in graduate school is exempli fied by the following
    quotations, gathered from various institutions last year. We expect women
    who come here to be competent, good students, bat we don't expect them to be
    brilliant or original. Women are intrinsically inferior. Any woman who has
    got this far has to be a kook. There are al ready too many women in this De
    partment. (To a young widow who had a five-year-old child and who needed a
    fellowship to continue at grad uate school) You're very attractive. You'll
    get married again. We have to give fellowships to people who really need
    them. Comments such as these are ob-

Heading: Reading List
Content: The Feminine Mystique, Betty Friedan Second Sex, Simone DeBeuvoir I Accuse,
    Mette Ejlerson Century of Struggle, Eleanor Flexnor Bom Female, Caroline
    Bird Sisterhood is Powerful, Robin Morgan, ed. Sexual Politics, Kate Millet
    National Organization for Women (NOW) National Office 1952 E. 73 St.
    Chicago, 111. 60649 Women's Lib Center 36 W. 22nd St. New Pork, N.Y. 10010
    U.S. Dept, of Labor Wage and Labor Standards Administration Women's Bureau
    Washington, D.C. 20210 For a more extensive bibliography send 25c to:
    Lucinda Cisler 120 W. 80th St. New York, N.Y. 10024 Notes from Second Year
    Major Writings of Radical Feminism P.O. Box AA New York. N.Y. 10025 $1.50
    per copy viously harmful to women students trying to develop an image of
    themselves as scholars. These com ments indicate that some professors have
    different expectations about performance of females than of males, based not
    on individual abil ity, but on sex; that expectations have great effect on
    performance has been demonstrated by many psychological studies, so when pro
    fessors expect less of certain stu dents (women), those students are likely
    to respond by producing less. Women graduate students are re- (Continued on
    Page " ) Pregnant? Need help? Only profes sional service will do. A mere
    $175 and your right arm. . . (photo by Rick Varner)

Heading: Laws for Women
Content: " Women who feel oppression, women involved in the fight for women's liberation,
    are not paranoid. Their feelings of oppression are not imaginary. Indeed,
    their oppression, in more areas than generally realized, is built into the
    law." -- Diane Schulder, Lawyer You say you're getting married this summer?
    You say you and your guy have it all worked out, the marriage will be
    democratic-- he won't be authoritarian, you won't be submissive? You might
    have it worked out between yourselves, but have you considered the laws
    pertaining to you in your status as a married (and liberated) wo man?
    Following are just a few of the laws you may have to deal with. In Ohio,
    Pennsylvania, New York, Massachusetts, California and sixteen other states
    you cannot freely use your maiden name, You must assume his name. In North
    Carolina the first $2000 of your husband's income will be exempt from tax,
    but you are only entitled to a $1000 exemption. In Alabama, Florida,
    Indiana, No. Carolina or Texas you cannot dispose of property without your
    husband's consent. In Maryland you are limited in your ability to sue or be
    sued in your own name. In California, Nevada, Florida, Penna., and Texas you
    must have court approval before setting up a separate business. In Florida
    the wife is required to declare to the court her " character, habits,
    education and mental capacity for business"  and briefly set out the reasons
    why such disabilities should not stand in the way of her acquiring a
    business1 In only four states (Arkansas, Delaware, Hawaii, and New
    Hampshire) are you allowed to establish your own domicile for all purposes,
    without limitation. And in only 22 states are you allowed to establish your
    own domicile if you and your husband have agreed to live apart. (Domicile
    decides where you vote, where you are eligible for public office, where you
    pay property and income taxes, etc.) If you live in Ariz., Calif., Idaho,
    La., Nev., N. Mex., or Wash, (all " community-property"  states) you will be
    pleased to discover that all property or earnings are owned jointly by the
    husband and wife. But even though the property is shared, the husband has ex
    clusive right to control and manage the estate. The principle behind all
    this is an old feudal doctrine called the law of coverture which says in
    effect, that by marriage the hus band and wife are one person in law.
    Justice Black in 1966 pre sented the situation even more clearly: " Though
    the husband and wife are one, the one is the husband." (Further information
    on these laws, and on many others which are discriminatory on the basis of
    sex, can be found in Women and the Law by Leo Nanowitz, available in
    Bertrand library.) family doctor."  Valid point - But perhaps we should
    examine what are our " common medical needs" ... Each year at least one out
    of every Bucknell women will have an abortion. (This is a fact - actually a
    realistic estimate would be con siderably higher). Obviously, there is a
    need which is not being met - a need for preventive information and
    preventive practices, as well as a need for services when pre vention is
    already too late. It is not realistic to ask that the University formally
    provide abortion referral information when such information is already
    available through stu dent services, the Clergymen's Consultation services,
    and (as a last resort) the rip-off legal NY referral agencies. What then,
    should we ask the University to do? (1) Low-cost pre gnancy tests are now
    available through the SIS pregnancy clinic, but these student-performed
    tests must eventually be repeated by a licensed physician. Thus, the end
    result is a duplication of cost, time, and hassle at a moment when time,
    money, and peace of mind are crucial necessities, and the practice adds an
    unnecessary burden to town physicians. The infirmary could pro vide
    pregnancy tests at the same low price without over-taxing the infirmary
    facilities since the test takes only two minutes. (2) pre vention is better
    than cure - why doesn't the infirmary provide pre scriptions for birth
    control devices, and the Pill, as many other uni versities do? " Because,"
    we are told by University administrators, " that means that the University
    is making a moral decision. To pro vide birth control devices implies that
    the University condones illicit sex, and contributes to the illegal use of
    university dormitory rooms, etc."  Bullshit! Refusing to provide birth
    control prescriptions (a nor mal practice of all general prac titioners) is
    not a moral decision? Not " condoning"  pre-marital sex or its practice on
    campus is going to control such activities? No, what you really are saying
    is " if we don't acknowledge the need for the Pill there is no need. If we
    don't see the problem, it doesn't exist - and since we don't want to get in
    volved, we won't look."  Even the effort to provide realistic informa-
    (Continued on Page 7)

Heading: Consider
Content: 

Heading: . . .
Content: Consider . . . . . . Turning AWS into a real Women's Lib organization. . . .
    More female administrative heads in positions other than in the traditional
    female places. For ex ample, places other than the cafe teria and the
    residence halls. . . . More emphasis on the women's angle in the curriculum.
    This does n't mean home economics courses, but it does mean, for example, in
    clusion of some female writers in English courses. . . .  A Women's Weekend
    devoted to the concerns of women. . . . Karate lessons at the gym. . . . The
    necessity of a gynecologist on duty at the infirmary. . . . Opening the
    Tustin Gym for longer periods of time. . . . More money for the women's gym
    programs, especially intercol legiate athletics. Bits and pieces . . . Old
    Husbands Tales . . .  In 1953, Collier's took a sample survey of national
    coed colleges to find out how many guys married girls from the same school
    within three years. Guess who was first? BU--83% of the guys who married in
    the first three years married Bucknell women. . . . Female brains are not
    smaller than men's. Contrary to popular belief. . . . Female spiders bite
    off the head of the male after mating and the female praying mantis eats the
    male. . . .  No bras were ever burned, they were only dumped in a garbage
    can at the Miss America Pageant in 1968. . . .  The first woman entered a
    college in 1837. That was at Oberiin.

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MAY 7, 1971

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: MHMMNMIWanMMMMMMMnilKM

Heading: January Plan Statistics
Content: THE JANUARY PROGRAM STATISTICAL REPORT, 1971 1970 1971 No. Students Oficially
    Registered 672a Increase in percentage of student body registered: 7.6%
    Increase in number of stu dents registered: 244 (36%) Students
    Satisfactorily Complet- ing Registered Projects Projects: . ,  . , a.
    Origin: Faculty initiated Student initiated 132 Location: On campus 100 Off
    campus 95 Combination 19 Size: Individual Group 89 Faculty Participating as
    Sponsors 109 No. 916b Registration by Classes: Senior Junior Sophomore
    Freshman % of Reg. 20.5 27.6 20.8 27.3 92.6 838 91.5 250 38 74 30 62 176 70
    47 127 51 45 100 40 8 23 9 58 147 59 42 103 41 108 % of % of %  of Class
    Reg. Class 20.9 15.9 25.7 30.6 24.4 36.0 21.1 31.9 42.4 25.8 22.4 25.4 other
    colleges (Continued from Page 1) ed since the deaths at Kent and Jackson
    State. . ." Head reference librarian of Bert rand Library and one of the wit
    nesses to the Harrisburg Six con spiracy trial, Mrs. Zoia Horn spoke about
    the atrocities being commit ted to hundreds of children in South east Asia.
    She appealed to everyone present not to forget them simply because of the
    great distance between us; " they afe our children, even though they are on
    the other side of the earth." ,, Also lamenting the countless number who
    have suffered the American way of death," Gcne Chenoweth, chairman of the
    polit ical science department, attacked the bureaucratic structures within
    America which expand fear and

Heading: Student Turnout Mars Service
Content: years of beatings and injustices in teach hate. " Those who died at Kent and
    Jackson State have, let's face it, died in vain."  Chenoweth's appeal was to
    the members of college campuses to search within them selves for the
    answers. Representing the Association of Blacks for Progress, David Young
    began his address by wondering whether there would have been a nation-wide
    strike if the murders at Jackson State had occurred alone. The difference
    between the white and the black has been, according to Young, the fact that
    while the white student is disturbed about certain failures in our
    government and our society, he is incapable of feeling the anger of the
    black stu dent. " What is happening does not hit the white man in the gut."
    While Jackson State followed ten

Heading: Insurance Policy
Content: a includes ^ exuiimis(c)

Heading: -
Content: -------- b Includes 27 exchange students from other colleges

Heading: COLE'S
Content: 

Heading: HARDWARE
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. 17837
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1284
Content: 

Heading: lamaiaraiaraiajagiararaiaiMMZi
Content: 

Heading: Chairmen
Content: (Continued from Page 1) dowed with certain administrative responsibilities.
    Hopefully, _ w ell always be able to maintain the authority to fulfill those
    responsi- ! bilities." He also emphasized that the num ber of a chairman's
    year-round re- | sponsibilities varies greatly from one department to the
    next, and he is worried that a new setup might j prevent a chairman from
    carrying I out such activities. mwmum 1 -- ------------ v

Heading: SUMMER in EUROPE for $199.00
Content: 

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: A U G U S T
Content: 2 6 _______________ L O N D O N  $199. 9

Heading: A U G U S T
Content: 2 3 ______________ L O N D O N  $219 h

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: CALL SALLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477
Content: 5

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: 

Heading: O
Content: (Open only to BuckneU Students and Educational S t a f f -  8 Price Based on 60
    Seats)

Heading: 9
Content: (Continued from Page 1) ing or discouraging students to par ticipate in the
    program, but, in stead, is just making the informa tion available,"  stated
    Judith July, Director of Residence Halls. " Students should make their own
    decisions, possibly based on what ever coverage their parents may or may not
    have." The coverage begins August 15, 1971, and is effective until August 15
    , 1972, as long as a student is re siding in a residence hall. No cover age
    is provided for residents of fraternity houses. If a student transfers to
    another school after having enrolled in the program, all he must do is make
    notification of the transfer. Addi tionally, personal property is cover ed
    while in transit to and from the

Heading: Chamrousse Trip
Content: There will be a planning meeting for the January trip to Chamrousse and Paris on
    Wednesday, May 12 at 7:00 p.m. in VL 205. All in terested students invited.
    residence hall. In general, the coverage provided by the program is broader,
    less de ductible, and does not cost as much as homeowners coverage. Claims
    filed with the company do not jeopradize present homeowner ratEURS.
    Companies underwriting the in surance are such reputable firms as Lloyds of
    London, Reserve In surance of Chicago, Germantown Insurance, College and
    University Insurance Company, and Horace Mann Insurance. Anyone else
    planning to live in a residence hall next year may pick up a brochure in the
    Office of Uni versity Residence Halls, 225 Marts Hall.

Heading: SIS Survey
Content: To aid in the Student Information Services' evaluation of programs, a survey
    will be taken on campus early next week. SIS requests that any specific
    comments or sugges tions be written and placed in the box in the Information
    Center in the backroom of the Bison, or be mailed to box A-64.

Heading: iDER C
Content: 

Heading: ol le ge
Content: 

Heading: Summer School
Content: 

Heading: at R ID ER
Content: 

Heading: ,
Content: 

Heading: we take
Content: 

Heading: our science seriously.
Content: 

Heading: . .
Content: l

Heading: S :
Content: 

Heading: summer offerings
Content: * LIFE SCIENCE * GENERAL BIOLOGY * GENETIC BIOLOGY * PRINCIPLES OF CHEMISTRY *
    ORGANIC CHEMISTRY * INTRO, to GEOL. PROCESSES * PHY. & BIOLOGY * HISTORY OF
    THE EARTH * NATURAL SCIENCE * GEOGRAPHY OF N. AMERICA * WORLD GEOGRAPHY

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11.30 p.m. . Frl.-Sat. - - - 9:00 - 1:00 p.m. : Sunday
    --------- 7:00 - 11.30 p.m.

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 524-2494

Heading: OPEN.
Content: 

Heading: ..............
Content: Tue. - Thur. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m. Fri. - Sat. - 11 am. - 1:30 am. Sun. - Mon. -
    5:00 - 12:00 p.m. 501 MARKET STREET

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: abortion
Content: the black community, Kent State was " a mistake white America was not ready for.
    Now the white stu dent has become a 'nigger'." The " system plays for
    keeps,"  he threatened, " it will destroy us of we will destroy it." The
    last speaker, Bob Nachshin, president of the Association of Bucknell
    Students, claimed that " Vietnaffiization"  is nothing more than a public
    relations device used by the President to pacify a dis contented nation
    while he continues the war in Indochina. " In the face of a violent govern
    ment,"  he appealed, " we must of fer a nonviolent alearnative."

Heading: Protestors Confront,
Content: 

Heading: ROTC Ceremony
Content: Guests arriving at the annual RO

Heading: TC
Content: awards ceremony Thursday afternoon were met outside Davis Gym by approximately
    twenty per sons demonstrating against the Viet nam war and the presence of
    ROTC on campus. Many of the demonstrators car ried water pistols and held
    broom stick " rifles."  Before assembling at the gym, the protestors had
    taken a short mock " march"  around the campus. Senior Paul Osher brandished
    a gorilla mask and shouted at each arriving guest, " See yourself in the
    magic mirror! Kill! Kill1" Most of the persons entering the gym ignored the
    demonstrators. One University administrator told Osher, " We have nothing to
    talk about." Tempers flared later, when the ceremony ended and people began
    to leave the gym. Osher became involved in a shout ing argument with several
    of the departing guests. Insults were traded and Osher was asked to leave by
    Dean of Student Affairs, John Dunlop. Osher, however, refused to leave until
    all of the persons inside the gym had left. Major General Ciccordia, the
    scheduled speaker at the award ceremony, was unable to attend be cause of
    transportation difficulties.

Heading: LET US HELP YOU
Content: Call us now (collect) and one of our dedicated staff will answer your questions
    about placement in Clinics and accredited Hospitals in New York City.

Heading: LOW COST
Content: 

Heading: STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
Content: | AVAILABLE 7 DAYS A WEEK CALL ANYTIME (collect) (212) 371-6670 or (212)
    759-6810

Heading: WOMEN'S
Content: 

Heading: PAVILION
Content: 

Heading: INC.
Content: 515 MADISON AVENUE. N.Y. 10022

Heading: COLOR PRODUCTIONS
Content: 

Heading: PRESENT
Content: 

Heading: THREE
Content: 

Heading: DOG
Content: 

Heading: NIGHT
Content: 

Heading: FARM SHOW ARENA
Content: 

Heading: HBG., PA. SAT. MAY 15
Content: 8:00 P.M. --  Advance $5.00 Send Self Addressed Stamp ed Envelope to:--

Heading: COLOR, INC.>> BOX 336
Content: 

Heading: HARRISBURG. PA. 17108
Content: 

Heading: (descriptive bulletin available)
Content: 

Heading: First Session-- June 22 to July 28
Content: 

Heading: Second Session-- Aug. 3 to Sept. 4
Content: 

Heading: Call
Content: 

Heading: k
Content: 

Heading: (609) 896-0800
Content: 

Heading: Write
Content: 

Heading: m
Content: 

Heading: Dr- H - R- DeYoung, Director
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER SESSIONS
Content: 

Heading: RIDER COLLEGE
Content: 

Heading: P.O. Box 294
Content: 

Heading: Trenton, N. J. 08602
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MAY 7, 1971

Heading: Bikinis,
Content: 

Heading: Hot Pants
Content: 

Heading: Tops
Content: 

Heading: :
Content: 

Heading: ^ U
Content: 

Heading: 0 4 t&
Content: 

Heading: S f o f i
Content: 

Heading: A Musical Perspective on ' Vision of Christ'
Content: a ___ L __ amaa ti jo hoard whirh was nrptt.v mvth. cffld W6 3T6 2IV0I1 3
    VISIOI1 By PETER EGGERS When considering what should be said about the
    musical aspects of " Vision of Christ,"  it came to me that the most
    intelligent approach would be to first consult the com poser to answer a few
    questions that were raised in my mind about the work. Consequently, the
    first part of the article is devoted to some observations by Dr. Thomas
    Beversdorf prompted by my ques tions, while the second portion in cludes
    some of my own remarks upon the work and the performance we were presented
    with last Satur day evening. The music in the "Vision"  is based on a famous
    tone-row of Anton Webern's but Dr. Beversdorf did not strictly adhere to the
    serial technique. He remarked that very soon after Arnold Schoenberg de
    veloped the twelve-tone system and others began experimenting with it. it
    was found that the longer a strictly twelve-tone piece is ex tended, the
    less successful it be comes. In order to write a long work such as the "
    Vision,"  a com poser must depart from strict ad herence to the system;
    departing from the rigid system adds much m ore variety to the work. Even
    Schoenberg himself realized the ne cessity of braking away from the strict
    rules in hiis most successful *works. Advantages When asked what the
    advantages are of utilizing a serial system in composition, Dr. Beversdorf
    said that a serial system is structurally as beneficial as tonality in
    ordering a piece. In music which no longer Telies on functional chordal
    relation ships, one needs some other kind of ordering mechanism to give
    shape to it; the serial system thus func tions as an organizing agency in
    place of the overused one of func tional tonality. He also mentioned in
    passing that he has found that in writing dodecaphonically the sys tem
    itself sets up additional mo tives; in constantly manipulating the row he
    finds that the new mo tives will crop up several times and this seemes
    inherent in the system itself. This is an extra advantage to the composer.
    An interesting part of the " Vis ion" is its use of both medieval and modern
    musical materials. Dr. Beversdorf made several state ments relating to this
    facet of the composition. Combination of Music Forms Music of the medieval
    period is generally simple while today's music is extraordinarily complex
    and is becoming even more so at a tremendously fast rate. But the music of
    today has evolved out of the music of the past and there fore, contemporary
    music reflects a depth of tradition; it is indeed related to medieval music.
    To quote Dr. Beversdorf's remarks in the program notes: "Yet what seems to
    be radical may indeed be a re ordering of materials and a recrea tion of
    techniques that have deep roots in tradition."  There are great tensions in
    our music today but there was also tension in medieval music. Thus, by the "
    Vision"  in cluding both kinds of music, the work is showing the relation of
    a simple time and art balanced with a more complex one. Quotes from medieval
    material also occur to lend the work a certain archaic quality and flavor.
    The juxtaposition of medieval and contemporary ele ments in the music is
    paralleled by the concurrence of these elements in the text. Instruments The
    instrumentation and intuitive combination of instruments is a di rect
    attempt to communicate the essence of the sound and mood of medieval music.
    Percussion is much used in " Vision"  as it also was in medieval music. The
    use of a wo oden piccalo and flute coupled with the recorders is similar to
    the sound of a medieval recorder con sort. The use of brass is related to
    the medieval use of sackbuts, while the doble reeds (oboe, English horn,
    bassoon) are related to the medie val chaum. The double bass is a direct
    descendant of the bass of the medieval period. Dr. Beversdorf mentioned that
    the other stringed instruments of the middle ages had less tension than our
    stringed in struments do today; thuse he chose to use the violas in "
    Vision"  be cause they have a softer, duller sound than both the violin and
    the cello. The use of the harp and harp sichord, and the use of pizzacato
    playing is related to the sound of medieval lute music. The instru ments are
    played in various combi nations to effect an archaic quality and to
    correspond to the custom of playing instruments in consorts (or families)
    that was common in the medieval period. Dr. Beversdorf also noted the use of
    motives which recur throughout the piece that are related to cer tain turns
    of phrases or ideas in the text. Other structurally unify ing devices
    besides the text, mo tives, and the use of twelve-tone technique are the
    various tradi tional compositional forms used sectionally. When asked what
    other com posers' influences could possibly be found in " Vision," Dr.
    Beversdorf replied that Mahler was an in fluence both vocally and
    orchestral- ly. When asked if his prominent use of percussion was at all
    related to Varese's he said that it wasn't re lated directly anyway. He said
    his concept of percussion comes largely from his early association with Car
    los Chavez, and from the way in which percussion is largely used to day.
    Personal Observations Now follow my remarks as a spectator. The performance
    on the whole left a lot to be desired, to put it lightly. Much of the piece
    was just played through without any interpretative playing, and a great deal
    of it was performed so inexactly that much of the music itself was almost un
    intelligible. The performance of Part III, (even forgetting about the costly
    miscueing that inaugurated about ten minutes of embarrassing chaos), was so
    uninspiring and in exact as to have made this section impossible to
    understand and al most worthless as a concluding sec tion. The whole
    production could have been better coordinated and have had much more of a
    flow to it. The high points of the perform ance, however, were the vocal
    solo ists; all of them did fine jobs, especially the basses. If one could
    get past the diffi culties the poor performance pre sented, there are a
    number of other aspects about the piece that de serve comment. Orchestration
    and Vocalization In the area of orchestration, the sounds emitted by the
    instrumental ensemble were quite amazing. The percussion section is quite
    domin ant and contributes much to both the texture and the movement of the
    piece. Instruments are com bined in very interesting ways which create
    sounds that this listner has never heard before. The effect achieved by
    combining an oboe and a piccolo with the soprano on the word " swooned" is
    particularly stunning. The use of the harpsichord and the harp, and the
    varied color ings of the piece. The vocal writing is very effective also.
    The close relationship to the text integrates the words and music to an
    extremely close degree. An excellently well done section is the choral
    representation of the " mad mess of people" shouting for Christ's death by
    yelling " Nail him up, nail him up!"  There are many other instances in the
    score of ef fective tone painting of the text. Problems There is one part of
    the piece, though, that disturbs me; and that is the section near the end
    when Mercy, Truth, Righteousness, and Peace dance to harp music. To me this
    section was such a contrast to the rest of the piece that it seemed
    completely out of place. This may have a lot to do with the perform ance we
    heard, which was pretty well messed up by this time, but I have a strong
    feeling that it might be more than that. The momentum of the piece is so
    deflated by this section that the conclusion of the piece which follows
    seems almost without any impact whatsoever. (A problem might also exist in
    the work being presented in such a large gymnasium. As John Wheat- croft
    mentions in his program notes, the work should be a "passionate spectacle"
    for the audience. This seems to imply to me a communal identification of the
    audience with the action and an emphasis on ri tual. In such a large hall,
    it is easy for an audience to become de tached from the action. A presenta
    tion in a much smaller theater would probably enhance the atmos phere and
    involve more people in the work.) Strong Points In general, though, beneath
    the muddled performance I detected a very powerful musical-drama. It is a
    subtly well-written piece of music that combined with the text and the
    staging conveys a strong sense of the power of the medieval imagina tion.
    Through the work we are brought firmly back into medieval times and back
    into the realm of myth, and we are given a vision our selves of what it was
    like to both participate in a mystery play and to partake of a visionary
    religious experience. I was vastly impressed with the power that seemed to
    lurk beneath, waiting for a much better performance to unleash it. When a
    professional performing group de cides to perform " Vision of Christ," then
    a much more valid critical judgement of the work can be made; it will surely
    be well worth experiencing it then.

Heading: Dorm Closings
Content: ALL residence halls will close for underclassmen at 4:00 p.m. Tues day, May 25.
    Residence hall will close to seniors at 5:00 p.m Sunday, May 30. Students
    are expected to have re moved their belongings and to have officially
    checked out of their re- specitve halls according to the above schedule.

Heading: I sggeseeseeoeeeoeooeeoea
Content: 

Heading: Something Special for
Content: 

Heading: that Special
Content: 

Heading: Someone?
Content: 

Heading: Visit
Content: 

Heading: STUDY SOUNDS
Content: 

Heading: IMPROVE GRADES
Content: Improve Grades WhUe DevoHng The Same Amount Oi Time To Study USE STUDY SOUNDS
    Increase Your Concentration _ And Improve Your Comprehension. Study At A
    Faster Rate. ELLECTRONICALLY PRODUCED SOUNDS CAUSE THIS TO HAPPEN Please
    Specify S Track Caselie. or LP Record Send Check or Money Order--S9.95 Ea
    Include 75c Handling and Postage Sound Concepts, Inc.--Box 3852
    ChariottesvUle, Va. 22902

Heading: e
Content: 

Heading: k#
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: eoooogeeoseseeeeeeeeeeo
Content: 

Heading: P R E G N A N T
Content: 

Heading: 7
Content: 

Heading: N E E D
Content: 

Heading: H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: C A N  ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: Legal Abortions Without Delay

Heading: Corsages -- Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: S t e i n ' s F l o w e r s
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: #iiiiMimiBinn

Heading: CLASS OF '71
Content: 

Heading: --presents
Content: 

Heading: 2
Content: 

Heading: Blood Curdling
Content: 

Heading: BORIS KARLOFF
Content: 

Heading: FLICS
Content: 

Heading: Visit
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . .
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 400 Market Street Lewisburg, Pa. Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind of
    living ........... You can do your own kind of dressing in fashions from

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: Ecstasy between
Content: 

Heading: the Covers
Content: 

Heading: WEDNESDAY. HAY 12
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: CORRIDORS OF BLOOD
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY, MAY 13.
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: FOR SALE -- Ovation P.A. System and 4 Shur Mikes and stands. Call Bob Engleman
    724-3139 after 5:30 p.m. WANTED -- Girl's and/or boy's bicycle. Telephone
    524-4108. FOR SALE--Basic Cinematography Outfit: Bolex H-16-M camera with
    Pan-Cinor 85 zoom lens. Plus light meter, close-up lens, Haze & sky filters,
    cable release, and Bolex movie titler. See the cook at Phi Gamma Delta.
    BOOKS -- 20,000 of all sorts! At the bookstore in Swengel, Pa., 12 miles
    west of Lewisburg. CORNELL'S COIN & STAMP SHOP We buy and sell U.S. coins
    and stamps. 35 Broadway, Milton. Open 10 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.

Heading: Tristram
Content: 

Heading: Second
Content: 

Heading: Issue
Content: 

Heading: only 50 cents --  at the
Content: 

Heading: Bookstore, Library, English Office
Content: 

Heading: SS 8:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: VAUGHAN LIT: AUD. #
Content: 

Heading: P
Content: #

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: ONE SHOW ONLY
Content: 

Heading: SO cents
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: (bring someone to hold your hand)
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: MAY 7, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: 

Heading: M ajority F avors G row th
Content: 

Heading: Banquet Honors Senior Athletes
Content: 

Heading: Women in Academe
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg Report Indicates Rising Costs, Problems
Content: By STEVE WATT A report on Lewisburg has been recently completed by John Ander
    son, Associate Professor of Eco nomics at this University. The re port is
    the result of several surveys conducted by students here under Anderson's
    supervision in the spring of 1970. Many conclusions stemmed from the report,
    one of which was the fact that " people are relatively happy with Lewisburg
    as it exists in 1970." This conclusion was largely the result of responses
    to the question " Are these town facilities adequate to meet your needs?"  "
    These town facilities" included items from electricity to lodging to public
    trans portation. Invariably, the majority of responses were " yes,"  and a
    strong " yes" at that. The smallest majority among fourteen categories was
    61% for public transportation. In the random sample, not one single person
    felt that electricity was " not adequate."  On the other hand, entertainment
    and recreation received the most " no's"  as be ing adequate, though it was
    only 26% (or 59 people) that felt that entertainment and recreation was
    inadequate. Changes However, this does not mean that the people in Lewisburg
    desire no changes at all in the community. Fifty-eight percent of the people
    surveyed would like a shopping cen ter here, and sixty percent favor ed more
    off-street parking. The downtown shopping area, thus, ap pears to be in need
    of some basic changes according to some people, A majority of businessmen
    felt that the population of the Lewis burg area would double iin the next
    ten years. Predicting that their employment needs would in crease about 10%
    in the next 5 years, they estimated that 60% of that new labor force would
    have to be recuited from outside the Lewisburg area. A large part of the
    study also concerned housing in Lewisburg. It indicated that Lewisburg
    housing prices have soared in the last de cade. In 1960, the averege price
    of homes sold in the Lewisburg area was $8,309 as compared to a 1970 price
    of $16,778. What type of people will be able to live in Lewisburg if the
    average home sells for over $32,000 in 1980? x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x
    x x x x x x x

Heading: Abortion
Content: 

Heading: Information
Content: 

Heading: Guidance for
Content: *  C E R T IF IE D G Y N E C O L O G IS T S *  C H O IC E  O F  TO P  P R IV A
    TE C L IN IC S  A N D  H O S P IT A L S *  A P P O IN T M E N T S A V A IL A
    B L E W IT H IN  2 4  H O U R S .

Heading: (212) TR 7-8562
Content: 

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: 

Heading: Certified Abortion Information
Content: 

Heading: All Inquiries Confidential
Content: 

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 524-0744
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X What level of wages will area
    businessmen have to pay in order to attract new workers to the area?
    Substandard Housing When the study arrived at the subject of substandard
    housing, it was found that only 44 out of nearly 2,300 homes qualified as "
    sub standard," ; however, there seemed to be little evidence of overcrowd
    ing and all of the units had elec tricity and town water. This evidence is,
    thus far, very encouraging. When one looks at the occupations of those
    living in the substandard housing, however, a major problem develops. It was
    discovered that 25% of those people that lived in substandard housing were
    students attending this University. The fact that the majority of the living
    units were in the North Ward of the Borough, could cause even more concern.
    Property values in this section of town could decline considerably in the
    near future, not to mention its " livability." Furthermore, a random sample
    of students showed that 27% of the males and nearly the same propor tion of
    the females desired to live off campus. This would mean that nearly 900
    students would consider searching for an apartment or home in the Lewisburg
    area. Will the students be able to afford the ris ing price of an apartment
    along with a rise in tuition? The majority of people polled I favored a
    growth of industry in the Lewisburg community; however, there was a huge
    discrepancy in the response according to the length of time the responder
    lived in Lewisburg. It was calculated from the data that 2 out of 3 people
    that have lived for less than five years I favored industry, while 2 out of
    3 that lived here for more than 15

Heading: KdFRFTRSP
Content: 

Heading: itoidiei)
Content: 

Heading: in the
Content: 

Heading: Heart o f the
Content: 

Heading: Finger
Content: 

Heading: L
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: at
Content: 

Heading: ITHACA
Content: 

Heading: COLLEGE
Content: 

Heading: Graduate
Content: 

Heading: and
Content: 

Heading: Undergraduate
Content: 

Heading: Programs
Content: 

Heading: For more information about the new
Content: 

Heading: campus, summer programs and recre
Content: 

Heading: ation activities at Ithaca College . . .
Content: 

Heading: W R ITE : Director, Summer Sessions,
Content: 

Heading: Ithaca College, Ithaca, N.Y. 14850.
Content: 

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: SESSIONS:
Content: 

Heading: June 7th
Content: 

Heading: June 28th
Content: 

Heading: July 12th
Content: 

Heading: Social Science
Content: 

Heading: Fine Arts
Content: 

Heading: Radio-TV
Content: 

Heading: Drama
Content: 

Heading: Natural Science
Content: 

Heading: Music
Content: 

Heading: M
Content: 

Heading: Athletics
Content: 

Heading: Film
Content: 

Heading: Humanities
Content: 

Heading: Exhibits
Content: 

Heading: Theatre
Content: 

Heading: Cinematography
Content: 

Heading: Health
Content: 

Heading: Recreation
Content: 

Heading: Work Shops
Content: 

Heading: Communications Arts
Content: 

Heading: ALSO
Content: 

Heading: Summer
Content: 

Heading: Repertory
Content: 

Heading: Theatre
Content: 

Heading: Summer Recreation at its Finest.
Content: years opposed any industry. It appears that the older resident will have to
    fight to keep the area as they want it, while the newer resident will have
    to struggle to keep industry growing. The Future The problems presented in
    this study are the normal problems of any town such as Lewisburg. The
    serenity cannot last forever without some planning for the future. The main
    theme of this study has been " Have we given sufficient thought to our
    future?" One question can be asked of all members of the community, and that
    is " What can the local resi dents do to insure that the area growth is in
    keeping with their wishes?" Wha will people do when they realize that the
    high cost of owning their own home in Lewisburg will force them to live in
    low cost multiple dwellings or modular hous ing? What will people do when
    they find that they are living in a com munity quite different from the one
    they wanted? What shall be our plan of action? The report, in its
    conclusion, called for an " open debate-with a frank airing of divergent
    opinions"

Heading: to
Content: Lewisburg into the community " we all want."  Pooling our total re sources and
    ideas was cited as the best means to come up with work able ideas on
    obtaining the future " we all want." Awareness Needed When asked about his
    written con clusions, Anderson stated, " I want to get people interested in
    the prob lem of their future. . .they must be come aware of the problems
    that will resllt." " I will also hope that Bucknell students will become
    more con cerned about our area's future," Anderson added. Copies of the re
    port are available from the Eco nomics Department and Professor Anderson is
    most willing to talk to anyone interested in this subject.

Heading: Editor Discusses
Content: 

Heading: Tristram Policies
Content: By DEAN LANDEW " If anybody is interested in writ ing, Tristram is surely a good
    place to start,"  says senior Andy Kraft, editor-in-chief of Tristram, the
    Uni versity's creative arts magazine. The magazine, which is published twice
    a year, is comprised of con tributions of poetry, prose (short stories,
    essays, and interviews), music, art and photographs from all segments of the
    University com munity. The latest issue of Tristram, which Kraft expects
    will go on sale sometime this week, will contain two stories, four poems,
    six or seven photos, two songs, an inter view, and an essay on literature in
    the 1920's. Kraft says that there are really no space limitations as to what
    is published in Tristram. " We'd rather go to cheaper methods of publica
    tion,"  he comments, " to get all the good things in." He mentions that "
    everybody's contributions are looked at equal ly,"  and that none of the
    editors ever judges his own work. Kraft does say the people interested in
    writing usually " turn up as in volved with the magazine,"  and that many of
    those people are the largest contributors. What is ultimately published,
    Kraft states, involves basically a staff decision, although the final
    decision belongs to the editor-in- chief. Kraft says that a faculty adviser,
    Assistant Professor of English Dennis Baumwoll, only serves " to deal with
    the adminis tration." Kraft does maintain two com plaints about reaction to
    Tristram. " I sort of deplore the lack of in terest on campus in the
    magazine for its creative output and input,"

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: pregnancies up to 12 weeks
Content: 

Heading: terminated from
Content: 

Heading: $175.00
Content: 

Heading: Medication. Lab Tests, Doc
Content: 

Heading: tors fees included. Hospital &
Content: 

Heading: Hospital affiliated clinics.
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 7-8803
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours - 7 days
Content: 

Heading: PHYSICIANS REFERRAL
Content: We know we can help you, even it it's just to talk to someone. he says, " and I
    sort of wish the Bucknell community would take the magazine more seriously,
    and sub mit things of high quality."  Kraft feels that many of the
    contributors whose works are not published have talent, but talent which
    needs further development. He also mentions that the money appropriated by
    the ABS to Tris tram was cut over a third to $800. " This is one activity
    with a great potential for returns,"  says Kraft, " We felt the cuts were
    too much." He notes that two new ideas for Tristram will be explored by next
    year's editors. One is the possibility of a single, larger annual issue. The
    other is a nationwide poetry/prose contest with a $50 prize for the best
    piece of prose and the best piece of poetry. The latter proposal is intended
    to increase sales by offering the maga zine on other campuses and to
    generate more interest here on campus. It would not be an at tempt, says
    Kraft, to make Tris tram inaccessible to students here; University
    contributors would still be given priority. The new editors, selected
    Monday, who will be considering these pos sibilities as well as working on
    the- magazine next year, are Jim Alley, editor-in-chief; Robin Bitterlich,.
    prose editor; Marianne Long, poetry editor; Don Richman, art editor; Peter
    Hecht and Doug Abdelnour, photography editors; Bob Drake, business manager;
    and Jim Reed, publicity director. Concerning this semester's issue, a $50
    prize for the best work of prose and the best work of poetry will be given.
    The decision in both categories will rest with Professor Baumwoll, Associate
    Professor of English; Karl Patten, and one other member of the English
    department, according to Kraft. The winners will I be announced next week.
    The new issue of Tristram will be on sale for 50c in the bookstore, the
    library, the English department office and the cafeterias during dinner.

Heading: The
Content: 

Heading: W A R D R O B E
Content: 

Heading: 234 Market Street.
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: <<

Heading: REED'S
Content: 

Heading: Summer Storage
Content: 

Heading: STUDENTS--Leave your Winter Gar
Content: 

Heading: ments with REED'S
Content: 

Heading: for Summer
Content: 

Heading: Box
Content: 

Heading: Storage,
Content: 

Heading: Full insured, freshly cleaned and
Content: 

Heading: pressed at Regular Cleaning Prices*
Content: 

Heading: 103 SOUTH SIXTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: 523-1282
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: Gene Luccarelli came away with top honors Wednesday night at Bucknell's annual
    Senior All-Sports Banquet. Luccarelli won two awards while five other
    seniors were re cipients of one apiece. Head Football Coach Fred Pren- der
    presented Luccarelli with the Christy Mathewson Award as " the outstanding
    senior athlete,"  and he was also named co-winner of the Albert E. Humphreys
    Award, given to " the outstanding multiple sports athlete."  Luccarelli
    earned three letters as a defensive halfback in football and three as a
    centerfielder on the baseball team. He is captain of the 1971 diamond nine
    and is currently hitting .356. Gene holds the Bucknell all-time mark for
    most pass interceptions in a season (10) and a career (18). During the 1970
    season he set a record for yards gained on inter ceptions (128). The 5-10,
    180-pounder received honorable mention All- State on the gridiron, and was
    named to the Little All-American Academic second team. The other co-
    recipient of the Albert E. Humphreys Award, pre sented by Head Basketball
    Coach Don Smith, was Chris Riley. A co- captain of the 1970-71 basketball
    team, Chris earned three letters as a guard, and three letters as a catcher
    in baseball. He hit over .400 in both his sopho more and junior years. Riley
    was selected as the 1971 NCAA Official Baseball Guide coverboy. Don
    Giacomelli, was selected to receive the Bison Club Award, given to the "
    athlete who best exemplifies the 'winning spirit' of Bucknell Uni versity."
    Giacomelli, co-captain of the 1970 football team, earned letters for three
    years as a de fensive and offensive halfback, and as a quarterback. " Jock"
    is remembered most for taking over at quarterback in the second half of the
    1969 Lafayette game with the Bisons trailing, 20-0, and leading the team to
    a 21-20 victory. He received honorable mention All-State last fall. The E.
    W. Pangbum Award for '" sportsmanship, fellowship and con tribution to the
    Bucknell University athletic program"  was presented to swimming co-captain
    Mike Huff man. Huffman demonstrated his tremendous leadership ability at the
    1971 Middle Atlantic Conference championship which the Bisons won. He
    captured the 1,650-yard free style event and set a Bucknell record in the
    process. Mike also was a member of the victorious 800-yard freestyle relay
    quartet. This spring he went out for track for the first time and is
    participat ing in the pole vault. Recipients of the E.C.A.C. Medal lion,
    given to " the student at each member school who has achieved an outstanding
    record in the class room and in athletics"  were Dave Hill and Kent
    Kisenbauer. Hill has been a regular first base- man on the diamond for the
    past two seasons, and last summer was named to the All-American Baseball
    Academic first team. Kisenbauer is co-captain of the lacrosse team and was
    an All-MAC second team defenseman in 1970. The Bucknellian, presented its
    fourth annual " Coach of the Year" award to swimming mentor Richard Russell.
    Russell guided the mermen to the MAC title and a 9-2 record overall. He has
    a three-year coach ing record at Bucknell of 26-10. Forty-four seniors who
    had par ticipated in a varsity sport for three years were presented with
    school rings by the coaching staff as gifts from the Bison Club. The first
    annual Stuart M. Smith Award was received by soph foot ball star Dick Diez.
    Given in honor of the late Stuart Smith, the award goes to " that sophomore
    who best exemplifies the character, dedication, leader ship and ability
    necessary for out standing football performance." Smith played at Bucknell
    from 1934 to 1936 and was co-captain of the gridiron team in 1936. He made
    <*<**x>*{"M*<**;**>*>*;**i**t*^*M**M**M**i**>

Heading: BUCK'S SERVICE
Content: 

Heading: 24--hour Towing
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1132
Content: history in 1935 when he scored the first two touchdowns against Miami in the
    first Orange Bowl which was won by the Bisons, 26-0. Diez had an outstanding
    sopho more year for the Bisons during the 1970 season. The 6-2, 195-pound
    fullback gained 639 yards in 156 carries for a 4.1 average, the most rushing
    yards ever gained by a Bucknell sophomore.

Heading: Gynecologist
Content: (Continued from Page 3) tion on sex and birth control, which might put the
    problem in its true perspective, is half-hearted. (But then whoever said
    that an ostrich stance is conductive to a realis tic perspective). Each year
    over 5% of Bucknell women are faced with an unwanted pregnancy - we can no
    longer deny that there is a problem here that the University is ignoring. We
    can no longed deny that there is a need that the University is refusing to
    meet - excuses will not hold up any more (The excuse of the problem being "
    in committee"  is perhaps the most evasive " action" ). The University is
    proclaimiing its in difference to the needs of its women students - yes, "
    even at Bucknell" (especially at Bucknell?) there is discrimination against
    women. Our sisters in the movement have de monstrated against dehumanizing
    treatment of women in so far os they are considered sexual objects. It is
    not even more dehumanizing for a woman to have denied the rights to any
    sexual being at all? (Continued from Page 3) peatedly asked, " Are you
    really serious?" . In fact, women attrition rates at University of Chicago
    are only slightly higher than attrition rates for men in biological
    sciences, physical sciences, and social sci ences, and are actually lower
    than male attrition rates in the humani ties. The slightly higher attrition
    rate of women graduate students can be largely explained by lack of
    encouragement and the actual dis couragement experienced by women graduate
    students for career plans, as well as by discrimination in financial aid. It
    is generally assumed that it is more difficult for a women than for a man to
    get into college (witness Bucknell itself) and analysis of pub lished
    admissions figures provides additional evidence in support of the assumption
    that you have to be better to get a place in graduate school if you are a
    woman than if you are a man. Women who have definite career plans and conse
    quently choose to go on to graduate

Heading: A R T ' S  B A K E R Y
Content: 

Heading: For Hie Tops in Lox
Content: 

Heading: -- Good Bagel's Too
Content: 

Heading: Art's Bakery
Content: 

Heading: 500 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: BY THE R. R. TRACKS
Content: 

Heading: Becker Motor Co. - YW
Content: school are, therefore, a very special group of women. Only the very best of the
    good women students go to graduate school. Out of these, only the hardiest
    survive. The lack of social approval for women's careers and the discrimi
    nation against women in higher education insure that many able and capable
    women will stop their professional training with a B.A., which will, as is
    well known, en title them to become the secretary of the male college
    graduate who has just collected his B.A. -- 'Cut out and save this ad:"

Heading: Don't
Content: 

Heading: CallYour
Content: 

Heading: Travel
Content: 

Heading: Agent!
Content: When you want the most charters available for Summer 1971, Call 212-697-3054 As
    a student at this college, YOU may be eligible for our low, low cost fares.
    Flights from New York to all major European Cities. Weekly: departures.
    Flights under the auspices of World Student Government Organization. Send
    coupon... call, write or visit.

Heading: B R U N O ' S
Content: 

Heading: House of Fashion
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-0790
Content: 

Heading: ! sosooeooooeoooocoooooesi
Content: 

Heading: RTS* 11 & 15-- SELINSGROVE
Content: 

Heading: PHONE 743-1514
Content: 

Heading: SALES
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE --  PARTS
Content: 

Heading: COMPLETE TOWING
Content: 

Heading: & BODY SHOP WORK
Content: W.S.G.O. please send: # Travel bulletins. # Application for International
    Student I.D. Name ______________________ Address- City. ____ C/a State __
    SchooL -Z ip -

Heading: Charter & Group
Content: 

Heading: Travel Specialists
Content: 

Heading: 60 East 42nd Street
Content: 

Heading: New York 10017
Content: 

Heading: Call (212) 697-3054
Content: 

Heading: 1
Content: 

Heading: __
Content: 

Heading: to what it takes to get
Content: 

Heading: Rock Magazine,Toronto Daily Star
Content: 

Heading: and L A . Free Press to agree.
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SEX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MAY 7, 1971

Heading: "To point out the highlights would be ridicu
Content: 

Heading: lous...! like every song and that kind of album
Content: 

Heading: only comes once in a great while."
Content: 

Heading: -- David Reitman, Rock Magazine
Content: 

Heading: . .they have that rare thing in pop music: A
Content: 

Heading: sound uniquely their own as strange and affecting
Content: 

Heading: as it is difficult to describe."
Content: 

Heading: --Wilder G. Penfield, Toronto Daily Star
Content: 

Heading: Fraser & De Bolt:
Content: 

Heading: They're making a lot of new friends.
Content: 

Heading: On Columbia Records<<
Content: 

Heading: Music of Our Time from The Music Company
Content: 

Heading: "It is one of the most perfect blendings of
Content: 

Heading: words (voices) and music that I have ever heard...
Content: 

Heading: Allan Fraser and Daisy DeBolt are two of the most
Content: 

Heading: distinctive singers you are ever going to hear...
Content: 

Heading: I am certain that Fraser and DeBolt are going to
Content: 

Heading: be an important musical force."
Content: 

Heading: -Chris Van Ness, L.A. Free Press
Content: e  #COLUMBIA*(r) MARCAI RBI FWNTO) WUAA

Heading: start
Content: 

Heading: Another!
Content: 

Heading: (j0|fers Polish Off Opponents;
Content: 

Heading: Netmen's W inning Streak Ended
Content: 

Heading: Work for MAC Tournament
Content: 

Heading: A s Penn State Earns 5-4 Victory
Content: By ALAN GROCHAL All good things must come to an end sometime and such is the
    case with the Bisons' 25 match win streak in tennis. A favored Penn State
    team edged the Herd 5-4 Wednesday, in a match which fea tured many close
    individual con-

Heading: i n
Content: I 4 4

Heading: H
Content: i Steve Baird did an outstanding job on Wednesday as he won at number one
    singles and doubles. (photo by Bob Arnold) tests. Coach Craig Reynolds felt
    that the third and sixth singles matches which Jim Lackritz and Bruce Ke-
    van lost 8-6, 9-7 and 8-6, 8-6 re spectively were the most crucial. " We
    were hoping for a 3-3 split at the end of the singles. When both Jim and
    Bruce lost, we entered the doubles down 4-2 and had to win all three doubles
    matches to win,"  he said. BU captured only two of the doubles and lost
    their first match in ten this season and first in twenty-six over two years.
    Junior Jim Lackritz credited Penn State with a superb effort. " We were
    always in the match, but everytime we had the advantage they made a
    tremendous shot."  Jim said. There were several bright spots however, in the
    defeat. Top-seeded Steve Baird continued his unbeaten streak with a 6-2, 6-3
    win over Penn State's top man Walker Shivar. Captain Alex Anderson was also
    victorious but had a tougher time, 6-6, 6-4. Alex overcame a 4-1 deficit in
    notching his thirty-second con secutive victory. Baird and Anderson teamed
    to defeat a pair* of previously un beaten Nittany Lions, 6-3, 8-6, and
    remain undefeated themselves. The State team had been considering entering
    the Nationals. In third doubles, Bruce Kevan and Frank Martino won 3-6, 9-7,
    6-3 in the only three set match of the afternoon. Kevan and Martino's op
    ponents were also previously un beaten. Penn State is now 7-2, losing only
    to Maryland and Navy. Since their entire team is returning, they will be
    tough competition when the Herd travels to State College next year. " My
    biggest concern now is that we might have a letdown against Lehigh. I guess
    we can only wait and see." Reynolds said. That match will be played at home
    this Saturday starting at 1:30 p.m. By JIM NORTHRIDGE The Bison linksmen
    capped a successful dual meet season by sweeping thier last three matches
    this week giving them an overall record of 10-4. The golfers downed
    Gettysburg and Lehigh by identical 4-3 scores last Tuesday at a tri meet on
    the Bullets' home course. The day before, the Herd hosted the University of
    Rochester and took a 395-404 victory in medal play. The linksmen's total of
    10 victories is the second highest total in the team's history. Junior
    captain Mark Reddy con tinued his fantastic play of the en tire season by
    firing the low score of the day, a 74. Coach Brad Tufts had nothing but
    praise for his num ber one position golfer. " Mark made a big jump from
    number four position to the top

Heading: Diamondmen Beat Juniata
Content: 

Heading: Cindermen Overrun F&M;
Content: 

Heading: Crusaders Are Next Step
Content: By MARK KNODERER The Bison track team upped their record to 5-3 last Tuesday by
    crush ing Franklin and Marshall, 118-27. The Diplomats were never in the
    meet as the cindermen swept five events and rolled up their second biggest
    score of the year. The only events the team lost were the 440 intermediate
    hurdles and the pole vault, while racking up eleven second place finishes
    and ten thirds. A blistering 2-mile run by Tom Hagerty and Scott Bartram was
    the highlight of the meet. Hagerty dropped his time five seconds to finish
    in 9:46.6, and Bartram drop ped his own time six seconds to finish right
    behind at 9:48.8. Another sparkling performance was turned in by Glenn
    McLaugh lin, who won the 440 in 51.5, Mc Laughlin has been dropping his time
    all year, and this time is topped only by his 51.3 relay sprint at the
    Quantico relays last Satur day. Paul Hatab pulled another sur prise when he
    defeated teammates Rick Francel and John Larner to win the mile. His time of
    4:37.9 was by far his fastest of the year. Len Dillinger has been trying to
    break 40 feet in the triple jump all year. He finally made it, but he forgot
    about forty feet and leapt 41' 2" to edge out Curtis Barefoot for second
    place. Bob Smith had a bruised ankle and jumped only one time, but still won
    the event. De spite the ankle, Smith also won the 120 high hurdles. Other
    winners included Steve Aronoff in the 100 and 220, Francel in the 880,
    Tarras Onischenko in the shot put, Doug Nauman in the javelin, Dillinger in
    the long jump and high jump, and Mitch Farb- stein in the discus. Both the
    440 and mile relay teams won easily. The only dual meet left in the season
    is at home next Tuesday against Susquehanna. Coach Gulden expects a tough
    fight from the Crusaders, who have a strong team. The following Saturday the
    team will enter the MAC championships at West Chester, and seek revenge
    against Lehigh, Delaware, and La fayette, the teams who defeated them during
    the regular season. MWfiggi ##m m By KEN DOAK The Bisons upped their record
    to 6-11 as they routed their hosts Juniata 7-3 last Monday in the rain.
    However, more bad weather pre vented yesterday's clash with Sus quehanna
    from being played. At Juniata, sophomore Dick Baines hurled the Herd to a
    victory, with relief help from Jim Bolog nese. The BU bats supported him in
    fine style with 12 hits, including five for extra bases. Mike Marinchak, who
    has been in a slump, paced the offense with three hits, and Steve Eck added
    two triples. Gene Luccarelli, playing at first base because of a bad leg,
    added a single and a two-base hit. John Rudolph and Chris Riley also con
    tributed doubles to the attack. The Bisons have been much im proved
    defensively this season, and played well in the field against Juniata. The
    Indians, in contrast, were guilty of seven miscues be hind pitcher Lou
    Eckerl. Leading Herd batsmen are still Gene Luccarelli (.356) and John Ru
    dolph (.353). The top run producers

Heading: OVERALL IM STANDINGS
Content: (Softball & Golf not included)

Heading: IEP
Content: <<

Heading: <<gspPiypi
Content: *. ' liiiWrf i I ~  r 1. TKE 478.0 11. PGD 234.5 2. KS 446.5 12. B 204.0 3. PKP
    434.5 13. A 201.5 4. LCA 395.5 14. SX 186.0 5. DU 381.0 15. SAE 184.5 6. IND
    309.0 16. RAM 183.5 7_ E 294.5 17. TDX 131.5 8. SPE 289.5 18. SAM 118.5 9. C
    284.5 19. D 104.0 10. KDR 261.0 20. TX 75.0 have been Rudolph, Mike Marin
    chak, and Steve Eck. Pacing the pitching staff are Tony Zidansek, with a
    2.31 ERA, and Baines, who is at 2.37. Zidansek, because of the rainout, will
    now hurl Saturday at home against Rutgers.

Heading: Frosh Defeat Kitztown
Content: 

Heading: Stickmen by 84 Score
Content: By JIM NORTHRIDGE The Baby Bison stickmen showed promise of things to come as
    they downed Kutztown 8-4 in an away game last Monday. Monroe Diefendorf and
    Richard Lotze provided the bulk of the scoring as each rammed in three goals
    and had one assist. Several of the freshmen are play ing for Jameison on the
    varsity and are picking up valuable experience. Jamieson praised the
    freshman midfielders Henry Ford, Charles McPhail, Rich Murray, and Diefen
    dorf. He also expects to use Jim Na- vran and Rich Lotze on attack and Jon
    Spain on defense this Saturday when the varsity travels to Dela ware to
    battle it out for a share of the MAC championship. slot. He's provided
    excellent leader ship to the younger members of the team." Reddy provided
    one of the high lights of the match against Gettys burg as he made a 30-foot
    putt on the 18th hole for par which enabled him to beat one up his Bullet op
    ponent. It was only the second loss in 15 matches for the Gettysburg golfer.
    The other highlight of the Get tysburg match was Dave Maier. The number
    three position sopho more shot a 76 and was a big double winner as he made a
    six-foot putt for a birdie on the first extra hole to beat his man. Other
    top scores of the day for the Bisons were registered by Dan Stetz and Keith
    Anderson with 77's while George Ferantelli was also a double winner from his
    number seven position thus clinching both victories against Lehigh and
    Gettys burg. Against the University of Ro chester Dave Maier had the best
    score of the match for the Bisons with a 76 while Stetz and Reddy each fired
    a 79. However, Coach Brad Tufts took best total for the day with a 73. This
    Monday the linksmen travel to Rider to participate in the MAC Championships.
    Westchester and Delaware are the favorites to win the tournament but since
    the winner is the total low five scores the Bisons could very well have a
    chance. W i M

Heading: IPS
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: ><#.#; i Junior Mark Reddy has accomplish ed much this year and was instru
    mental in the golfers' very success ful season, (photo by Rich Varner)
    ------ WHATS PLAYING? -----

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN
Content: 

Heading: BOARD
Content: fig

Heading: FRI. & SAT.
Content: 

Heading: MAY 7 & 8
Content: 

Heading: mm
Content: John Newman has helped the track team to their winning season with constant
    superlative efforts. (photo by Phil Cheney) 1

Heading: A professional
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T I O N
Content: 

Heading: that is safe, legal &
Content: 

Heading: inexpensive
Content: 

Heading: can be set up on an
Content: 

Heading: outpatient basis by calling
Content: 

Heading: The Problem Pregnancy
Content: 

Heading: Referral Service
Content: 

Heading: 215-722-5360
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours--7 days
Content: 

Heading: for professional, confidential
Content: 

Heading: and caring help
Content: 

Heading: H
Content: 

Heading: ft
Content: f f U  1 1 Summer '71

Heading: MANHATTANVILLE
Content: 

Heading: Undergraduate and Graduate Courses for Men and Women
Content: 

Heading: TWO FIVE-WEEK SES SI ONS
Content: 

Heading: ARTS, MUSIC, SCIENCES
Content: 

Heading: AND TEACHER EDUCATION
Content: Two Sessions: June 1 4 -July 15; July 19-August 18

Heading: MASTER OF ARTS PROGRAM
Content: June 14 - July 22 Day and evening courses open to degree, non-degree and
    qualified high school students * Teacher certification courses * Residence
    facilities * Air conditioned classrooms * Recreational facilities * Special
    lectures, concerts, films For 197.1 Summer Session brochure write to
    Director of Admissions, Manhattanville College / Purchase, New York 10577 /
    (914) WHite Plains O-9600

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: mmm
Content: 

Heading: Warhol
Content: 

Heading: presents^
Content: Joe ,, Dallesandro

Heading: IBE I
Content: #

Heading: IIB *;
Content: WEtmMm. SHOW TIMES 7:00--9:00

Heading: SUN.-MON.-TUES.
Content: 

Heading: M AY 9-10-11
Content: 

Heading: I NEVER SANG FOR MY FATHER
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MAY 7, 1971

Heading: VOLUME LXXni
Content: -

Heading: NO. 49
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY, MAY 13. 1971
Content: 

Heading: 'Che Bncknellian
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. LEWISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
Content: 

Heading: Honorary Degrees Fete
Content: 

Heading: Osher Fails to 'Move Along'
Content: 

Heading: Businessmen, Educators
Content: 

Heading: Zeller and Dunlop Charge
Content: 

Heading: Student with
Content: Honorary degrees will be awarded to four distinguished men at the 121st annual
    Commencement Sun day, May 30. Recipients are The Rev. John B. Cobum, rector
    of St. James' Church, New York City; Fred S. Dresdale of Spring Valley,
    N.Y., president of Daleley Tire Service, Inc.; Eugene S. Farley, chancellor
    of Wilkes College; and Charles J. Kushell, a Chicago investment coun selor
    and member of the Board of Trustees of the University. Rev. Cobum, who will
    also de liver the Baccaluaureate sermon on Saturday afternoon, formerly
    served as chaplain at Amherst Col lege, dean of Trinity Cathedral in Newark,
    N.J., and dean of the Episcopal Theological School in Cambridge, Mass., and
    has been on several commissions for the World Council of Churches. He will
    receive the honorary Doctor of Divinity degree. An articulate spokesman for
    social welfare through free enter prise, Mr. Dresdale will be awarded the
    honorary Doctor of Humanities degree. He served on the Wertz Committee on
    the Unemployed, whose concern for the young, hard core unemployed led
    eventually to the creation of the Job Corps, and has been active in the
    fields of mental health and public education in his home community. Dr.
    Farley first became associiat- i ed with the University in 1936 when he left
    a position as director of research for the Newark,

Heading: N.J.
Content: Board of Education to become di rector of the Bucknell Junior Col lege in
    Wilkes-Barre. When this in stitution was chartered as Wilkes College in
    1947, he became its president and served in this ca pacity until last year,
    when he was made chancellor. A former president of the Ameri- can
    Association of Junior Colleges, the Middle States Association of Junior
    Colleges, the Foundation for Independent Colleges, and the Com mission for
    Independent Colleges, Dr. Farley will receive the honor ary Doctor of Laws
    degree. Chairman of the Development Committee of the University's Board of
    Trustees and the 125th Anniversary Challenge Campaign, Mr. Kushell is
    associated with the Chicago investement banking firm of Bacon, Whipple, and
    Company. Scheduled to receive the honorary (Continued on Page 4) By TOM
    NOVINGER Senior Paul Osher has been charged with violations of two reg
    ulations relating to student conduct by John Dunlop, Dean of Student
    Affairs, and John Zeller, Vice Pres ident of Business and Administra tion.
    The charges arise from an in cident which took place during a demonstration
    protesting the ROTC awards ceremony. According to Zeller, Osher and about
    fifteen other students staged the demonstration, which consisted of yelling,
    jeering, hooting, and brandishing of toy guns, outside the gym annex. At
    this point said Zeller, they " were a nuisance, but in no violation of
    University reg ulations." Later, as the crowd was dispers ing from the gym
    annex, Osher was involved in a shouting argument with one of the departing
    guests.

Heading: Kirkland Proposal Tabled
Content: 

Heading: Faculty Reviews Phys Ed Requirement
Content: 

Heading: Final Issue
Content: This is the final issue of THE BUCKNELLIAN for the semester. See you in
    September. By JOHN DEBENEDICTIS " I have absolutely nothing to say about
    it."  This was the guarded reaction John Kirkland, associate professor of
    history, had to Mon day's faculty meeting at which he presented a proposal
    for an ex perimental investigation of the phy sical education program.
    Briefly summarized, the motion proposed: 1) a tentative rationale for the
    existence of the physical education requirement " presented in general terms
    to suggest a di rection in rethinking and restruc turing of the P.E.
    department,"  2) a plan for the Provost to appoint a committee of
    specialists, including students and faculty, to make hypo theses concerning
    the " nature of play"  which would be subject to evaluation and, 3) a
    request for " a one-year P.E. requirement in order to meet the conditions
    necessary for an experimental design"  through which the hypotheses might be
    tested. The motion was attacked by both those in favor of the immediate
    abolishment of the only University wide requirement and those who wished the
    requirement to remain in its present form. While the CAR (Committee on
    Academic Regulations) felt that there was " subject matter worthy of study
    in the field of 'physical education'," neither the minority (in favor of the
    existing require ment) nor the majority (those op posed) reports presented
    an " ade quate rationale"  for a decision on the matter. The rationale
    presented by the CAR was formed by a committee on which there was a member
    of the Women's Athletic Department as well as Robert Latour, Director of
    Athletics. Latour supported the views of the P.E. department with the advice
    of psychologists, sociologists, and phy siologists that there is a need for
    spending spare time wisely and that some of this time is best spent in
    participation in athletics. The department felt that athletic skills were a
    necessary prerequisite to a healthy social, psychological, and physical
    future. Latour also said that the depart ment felt they were doing a
    thorough job at present and that no experimental investigation was nec- (
    Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Twelve Appointments
Content: 

Heading: Swell Faculty Ranks
Content: Zeller then requested Osher to " move along"  in order to prevent a continuation
    of a situation " which he 'Zeller) judged could only be embarrassing to all
    involved. . ." Upon Osher's refusing to leave Zeller informed him of the Uni
    versity regulations which he was allegedly violating. " Osher challenged my
    authority all the way along. I saw no alterna tive but to charge him with a
    vio lation." Although Dunlop is also charging Osher with a similar
    violation, he refused to comment on the incident because of the possibility
    of his " engaging in prejudicial activity." (Continued on Page 4)

Heading: Committee Postpones
Content: 

Heading: Co-Ed Dorm Report
Content: At the Thursday, May 6th meet ing of the Student Affairs Commit tee, it was
    decided to delay until September the writing of the report and
    recommendations upon the co- residential housing experiment and the Freshman
    Residence program. The committee deemed further meetings impossible because
    of scheduling problems. Evaluation of the new living sit uation was
    requested, but not re quired of the committee, by the Board of Trustees at
    their meeting last June. The report on Hours and

Heading: ABS Asks Faculty to Re convene,
Content: 

Heading: Committee Requests Gynecologist
Content: By MARYANN BRANDT A number of new professors, in cluding two women, will be
    joining the University faculty this Septem ber. The department of philosophy
    will be getting three new members: Richard Brockhaus, Gary Hach- berg, and
    Daniel Schiff. Mr. Brockhaus, who graduated from Ripon College, is currently
    a Ph.D. candidate at Brown Uni versity. He will teach Philosophy 100 and
    Logic first semester next year. Mr. Hachberg, who is also a Ph. D. candidate
    at Brown, was the re cipient of a Woodrow Wilson Fellow ship at American
    University, where he received his B.A. In 1967, he studied at the Uni
    versity of Freeburg, under the auspices of the West German Ex change
    Fellowship. He will teach Philosophy 100, Ethics, and Social and Moral
    Problems. Mr. Schiff, who will be a part- time lecturer, will teach
    Philosophy 100 and Greek Philosophy. Frederic C. Deyo will join the faculty
    in September as assistant professor of sociology. He received his B.A. from
    Yale in 1964, his M.A. from Berkley in 1968, and is com pleting his Ph.D. ct
    the University of Chicago. Mr. Deyo's mam interest is eco- ( Continued on
    Page 4) For related column, see page five. Visitation policy was issued
    April 20, 1971, but President Watts has not yet taken any action upon it.
    Dean Dunlop, chairman, com mented: " Time has run out on us. We will return
    in September with a view towards making possible rec ommendations on the
    remaining two areas of the residence pro grams. The committee basically
    completed the tasks given to it, al though more work may follow in the fall.
    But, these reports are not essential to acceptance of this policy by the
    Board." In lieu of these reports, the com- (Continued on Page 4) By JANET
    RUSSO

Heading: V
Content: At the final meeting of the year last night, the ABS strongly recom mended that
    President Watts call a special faculty meeting on or be fore May 24. The
    prupose would be to permit further discussion of a motion to eliminate the
    physical education re quirement by Michael Payne, as sistant professor of
    English. The faculty has been considering re ports from the CAR (Committee
    on Academic Regulations) and also a study presented by Dr. John Kirk land,
    professor of history, but to date no changes have been made in the present
    system. A committee' report concerning the gynecological services in the , ,
    University Dispensary was pre sented by Jeff Sengstack. Based on interviews
    with Dr. J. Weightmen, director of the University Medical Service, and other
    area doctors, the report revealed that there is a definite need for
    gynecological ser vices at the dispensary. Presently, most women visit area
    doctors for medical services, due to the fact that the physicians at the
    dispensary rarely perscribe birth control devices to unmarried women, have
    limited facilities for performing examinations, and lack the time to perform
    these duties. The committee proposes that the University, with the
    assistance of the local gynecologists, find a third gynecologist for
    Lewisburg. The proper equipment should be ac quired for their use, to
    provide reasonable service for the 1200 women on campus. Other services,
    such as the availability of the morning-after pill, and birth control
    devices, should also be offered. An alternate proposal included in the
    report, would be to have the present staff set aside an extra hour a day for
    gynecological ser vices to cope with the problem. The report was unanimously
    passed after being reviewed. Neil Hendershot's motion concern ing the
    determination of visitation hours within the dorm was proposed and approved
    after discussion. The suggestions made were in the in terest of minority
    rights, and served to further define the voting pro cedure on dorm policy. A
    reply was received from the Provost concerning the Report on the Counseling
    Service. He recom mended that a more thorough study be conducted and that
    alternative systems should be introduced before any further actions will be
    con sidered.

Heading: m
Content: m ErnAEm

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: The Latest in Answering Services
Content: Andy Meyer, former chairman of the Bucknell Concer. Committee, Bob Nachshin, ABS
    President, and Roger Thomas of the Physical Plant inspect the recently
    installed automatic answering service in the ABS office. The device, costing
    $200, accepts and records local and long distance calls when no one is in
    the office. The number is 3150 and is listed next to each officer's name in
    the student directory. (photo by Eric Riess) #M H N M p M i r

Heading: r
Content: t

Heading: In the Middle of Nowhere
Content: 

Heading: The continuing drama of the May-
Content: 

Heading: faculty meeting has moved through part
Content: 

Heading: two and will enter a new dimension of
Content: 

Heading: endless bullshit when the august body
Content: 

Heading: again
Content: 

Heading: convenes late this
Content: 

Heading: afternoon.
Content: 

Heading: The debates continue to get the Uni
Content: 

Heading: versity nowhere, which is just what most
Content: 

Heading: of the faculty members desire.
Content: 

Heading: In its consideration of two relatively
Content: 

Heading: substantive issues at Monday's meeting,
Content: 

Heading: the faculty droned on for almost two
Content: 

Heading: hours without ever really coming to
Content: 

Heading: grips with the issues. The need for ra
Content: 

Heading: tionales for courses and disciplines, the
Content: 

Heading: right to require specified courses, and
Content: 

Heading: the need for interdepartmental evalua
Content: 

Heading: tions were sidestepped in favor of debate
Content: 

Heading: over the intent and sincerity of John
Content: 

Heading: Kirkland's motion to redefine the goals
Content: 

Heading: of the physical education program. Any
Content: 

Heading: mention of desanification of the hallowed
Content: 

Heading: departmental structure was resoundly
Content: 

Heading: opposed. On the Campaign-GM issue, an
Content: 

Heading: opportunity to take courageous leader
Content: 

Heading: ship in the area of corporate responsi
Content: 

Heading: bility was rejected in favor of acceding
Content: 

Heading: to the hallowed role of the trustees.
Content: 

Heading: This University will go nowhere as
Content: 

Heading: its perspectives on education center on
Content: 

Heading: the campus, and not on the world. New
Content: 

Heading: issues are brought for consideration, but
Content: 

Heading: are muffled by the morass of committees
Content: 

Heading: which muffle anything controversial.
Content: 

Heading: One experienced faculty member has
Content: 

Heading: noted that he wouldn't expect a new
Content: 

Heading: committee to handle the phys ed ques-
Content: 

Heading: tion in any time less than a full year.
Content: 

Heading: The record is clear, as innovative
Content: 

Heading: ideas lie scattered in the wake of the
Content: 

Heading: committee structure. In two more se
Content: 

Heading: mesters of debate, the Senate proposal
Content: 

Heading: (which came out of the forgotten Co
Content: 

Heading: oper Report on Academic Excellence)
Content: 

Heading: has just reached the Conference Commit
Content: 

Heading: tee where it may stay for an intolerable
Content: 

Heading: length of time. In the Senate debates,
Content: 

Heading: provincialism has taken precedence over
Content: 

Heading: rational discourse. An ecological com
Content: 

Heading: mittee was only approved in December
Content: 

Heading: and has met only twice. Boyd Douglas
Content: 

Heading: case made national news in January
Content: 

Heading: while we began our investigations in
Content: 

Heading: May. There are rationales for these
Content: 

Heading: actions, but we must look at the ration
Content: 

Heading: ality of the whole. As Marcuse has ob
Content: 

Heading: served about our society, the system we
Content: 

Heading: operate in is irrational in its entirety.
Content: 

Heading: Thus, its internal rational is meaning
Content: 

Heading: less.
Content: 

Heading: In a world of progressive innova
Content: 

Heading: tions in education, of Consciousness III,
Content: 

Heading: of movements to reject what is inherent
Content: 

Heading: ly wrong with the world, this University
Content: 

Heading: continues on as it has been --  sacred
Content: 

Heading: departments; a social (as opposed to
Content: 

Heading: academic) atmosphere; an admissions-
Content: 

Heading: athletics-public relations clique controll
Content: 

Heading: ing the "Bucknell I m a g e a  faculty un
Content: 

Heading: willing to give up its power. As costs of
Content: 

Heading: private institutions rise, our only selling
Content: 

Heading: point will be, "Its a safe school." Just as
Content: 

Heading: an athletic coach was overheard to say,
Content: 

Heading: "Bucknell is at least seventy-five percent
Content: 

Heading: conservative," and that may be our only
Content: 

Heading: selling point. The University will then
Content: 

Heading: wither and die.
Content: 

Heading: There are some dynamic forces de
Content: 

Heading: manding change but most of these will
Content: 

Heading: be leaving next week. Many freshmen
Content: 

Heading: with new ideas about university life have
Content: 

Heading: found themselves stagnated here and are
Content: 

Heading: going elsewhere. The pleas for diversifi
Content: 

Heading: cation, rationales, individualism have
Content: 

Heading: gone unheard.
Content: 

Heading: Our perspectives must widen. The
Content: 

Heading: spring doldrums have set in and no one
Content: 

Heading: seems to care that they have. For those
Content: 

Heading: who are returning next year -- your
Content: 

Heading: sights must sharpen as your support can
Content: 

Heading: only come from groups outside this in
Content: 

Heading: stitution; for those who are leaving,
Content: 

Heading: your stagnant days are over, now its
Content: 

Heading: time to move on again.
Content: 

Heading: Report Reveals Waste
Content: 

Heading: Of Female Brain Power
Content: By CHRIS SCHROEDER A trend that is apparent across the nation, namely that many
    coeds marry within five or six years after graduation and rely on their hus
    bands for support, is confirmed here at the University by a sample study of
    the classes of 1965 and 1966. By caterorizing the paragraphs (for their
    first 5-yr reunions direc tories) which graduates wrote in reply to a
    question asking them what they've done since they left Bucknell, we were
    able to ascertain approximately how many males and females had received
    their Masters degree, how many males, single women and married women were
    holding jobs, and how many females had gotten married. These two classes
    were chosen because the material was readily available from the Alumni
    Office and presumably within five years most people have settled into a
    permanent life pat tern. It must be first emphasized that this is not a
    statistically exact or methodologically correct study; there are many
    discrepancies in it. Some of the difficulties we ran into are that the
    entire class (497 in '65, 508 in '66) did not write about their experiences,
    only 229 in '65 and 199 in '66 did so. Therefore, for all the rest we knew
    only their names and addresses and could not tell if the men were married.
    Also, we cannot definitely assume all females listed as single are not
    married because they haven't kept in contact with the Alumni Office.
    Finally, there are discrepancies between the num bers in the graduating
    class and the alumni directory because people are listed in the latter even
    if they dropped out of school. However,

Heading: 'GUEST COLUMN'
Content: 

Heading: Consequences of Nonviolence
Content: By MICHAEL HOLOSZYC. The spring protest season is nearing its end now, and
    unless Nixon pubs another great blunder, the excitement appears to be degver
    lt was a different type of game from the last few years, when the action was
    centered on the nation's campuses. This year, the happenings were m
    Washington, D.C., the movement's new playing field. I was in Washing ton for
    the march, and also last Monday when the protesters attempted to close the
    government down by blocking traffic, which consequent y resulted in 7000
    arrests. I spent about three hours downtown that morn ing and I would like
    to relate to you a few thoughts I had on what went on.'This in no way is
    intended to be a comprehensive report on the day s occurrences, but only one
    person's experiences. After thinking all day Saturday about whether or not I
    should go down, I left hitchhiking in the rain Sunday morning with a friend.
    I was still uncertain if I wanted to get arrested; much would depend on the
    situation and where my emotions were at the tune. My h opew as that there
    would be enough people in Washington, to nonviolently srtm  front of and
    thus close the Pentagon, the symbol of the Vietnam War I^ felt an obligation
    to be present for such an undertaking; every ?d iU o n a l person there
    would add more meaning to the protest. So on that peace ful Sunday morning,
    we left lovely Lewisburg. Hitchhiking is always adventure-filled and as we
    neared Washingto^ a navel officer risked an accident when he picked us up as
    we walked along the Baltimore-Washington Parkway. He worked in one of the
    military's additional buildings near the Pentagon, but was at the same time
    just a remarkably fine person (the way he stopped for us w^  ^(r) first
    indication of that). He strongly opposed the Vietnam War having participated
    in it, but at the same time disapproved of civil disobedience^ Like most
    Americans, he thought that massive letter writing and votes was the means
    for change. We mentioned that any great changes m America usually required
    civil disobedience and mentioned labor s struggles around the turn of the
    century and the civil rights movement. He was forced to agree but said that
    he and his friends would on y angered by being blocked from going to work
    (his work was independent of the war), whether such anger could be
    rationalized or not. It was a good ride, and leaving him, I knew it was
    going to be rather difficult for me to block his path to work the next
    morning. So with that on my mind, we sightsaw Washington. We ca u ^ t little
    bits of three meetings and it became obvious that there t gom gto be a march
    on the Pentagon, but instead, massive blodung of toatfic at nine (?)
    important intersections. In the end, we would all be je s t e d , but they
    wouldn't have enough jail space so the judicial system would be P
    ar\Vithdthese plans, the protesters, who were predominately white, long-
    haired males between 16 and 24, converged on Downtown' many before the sun
    had even risen. For me, what occurred a k ^ ^ d s was most depressing. A
    group of kids, perhaps thirty, would congregate (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: RJG
Content: o

Heading: BB
Content: 

Heading: The Right to Know
Content: -By DEAN LANDEW;

Heading: mti>
Content: 

Heading: it
Content: 

Heading: (r)ttcknellian
Content: OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER SERVING THE BUCKNELL COMMUNITY Established 1897
    Published twice weekly during the college year. Memb-w of ^ ^ cine'giate
    Press^ Annual^subscription

Heading: W
Content: PWaMe i ^ v a g PS . Entered as second class matter on Septeinber 21, 1922, at
    tn post at Lewisurg, Pa. under the act of March 3, 187>>.

Heading: JACK SCHMIDT -- Editor-In-Chief
Content: 

Heading: SUSAN PRESTON -- Executive Editor
Content: 

Heading: JOHN DICKERSON -- Business Manager
Content: Office: Fochl Printing Co., 229 Market Street, 523-4221 Consultant: Brad Tufts.
    524-1221

Heading: PAGE TWO
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MAY 13, 1971 As more and more about ourselves is being made public, oftentimes
    against our wills, drug use has remained one area which is essentially
    private in nature. This is possibly due to the moral and legal issues in
    volved. But at any rate, definitive answers as to who is taking what drug
    for what reason are nowhere. One might begin to think that it is not answers
    we should search for, but rather, that we need good questions to begin with.
    So The Bucknellian asks: is drug use public business? Our question arises
    from a major series on drug use here on campus we had planned early this
    semester. The whole project deteriorated when we realized that it was not
    going to be so easy to get the cooperation of the student body at-large. The
    focal point of this series was a poll on drug abuse. We knew from the start
    that we would never be able to prove exactly how much truth the results of
    such a poll would carry. Like everyone else who attempts to survey a
    population, the best we could hope for was a reasonable indicator of what
    was going on. , ___ . The methods of the poll could be argued vigorously and
    some of those who returned the questionnaire did so. Let it simply be said
    that 10 per cent of the entire student body was selected from a random table
    of numbers and was sent a very brief explanation of the poll and a ample
    questionnaire to fill out and return. (Too simple, commented someJ Anonymity
    was assured, and to this day we have no record of who sent wliflt bsck We
    received about 130 out of 300 questionnaires sent out. With the ones we
    received came many comments on the method ond nature of the poU, mostly
    adverse. After not too much speculation on the partial results (based on
    less than 5 per cent of the school), we decided to scrap the poll and with
    it, the whole project. There were too many reasons why people would or would
    not return the questionnaire, and we had no way of knowing what kind of
    sample we ended up with. Now we only wish to bring to light the nature of
    such a poll or (Continued on Page 3) presumably these non-grads fall into
    our " Uncertain"  category be cause if they had sent in their write-ups, it
    would have appeared for us to see. Although hastily done, the value of this
    study is that it is a good- sized sample and does give statisti cal weight
    to what many people previously suspected (or didn't su- pect). 45% of the
    female respond ents of '65 but only 20% of '66 have since received at least
    a Masters degree compared to 57% and 25% of the men in those respective
    years. Although the total number of people receiving Masters is low er in
    '66 than in '65, the male ratio is higher than the female one both
    absolutely and relatively. The interesting thing we found is that although
    none of the single females or males with or without their MA or MS could
    afford not to hold a job, sue married women in '65 and one in '66 with their
    ad vanced degree could. For 1965 this iis one-quarter of all married fe
    males with Masters--what a tre mendous waste of brain power. However, we
    must keep in mind that now is the prime child-bearing time for these two
    classes, and per haps the women will re-enter the job market when their
    children enter school. Many of the women explicitely stated that they left
    their jobs to have their first child. Ques tions must now be raised: How
    long will they be out of work? Will they ever go back? Are they using their
    education or merely watching child ren? Of all married females in the sample
    (with or without a Masters) 44% and 50% in '65 and '66 re spectively do not
    hold any job while none of the males and single females fall into this same
    category. What are these women doing? How can society afford to support
    these privileged women? Perhaps because they save society (and their hus
    bands) money which could be spent on babysitting, cooking, cleaning, and
    household duties? We also found that at least 166 (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Letters
Content: 

Heading: to the
Content: 

Heading: Editor
Content: 

Heading: Disrupting Protest
Content: To the Editor: I think the actions of a number of Bucknell officials and VIPs
    during the peace demonstration on Thurs day were disgraceful. Two little old
    ladies (including the wife of a past Bucknell President) seemingly un able
    to control their tempers bat tered down a few signs held by the
    demonstrators. The demonstrators responded with verbal heckling; Uni versity
    top brass responded phy sically. The Bucknell officials nearly suc ceeded in
    turning a peaceful pro test into a dangerous confrontation ^  ^ Only
    restraint on the part of the protesters concluded the demonstra tion on a
    non-violent note. Peaceful protest is an important right; men who oppose it
    in this manner are dangerous and disrup tive. It is my feeling that if
    certain University officials are not able to condone peaceful dissent they
    should be replaced by men who can. Howard Lay

Heading: Abusive Tactics
Content: To the Editor: It is hard to begin this letter knowing full well that those to
    whom it is directed will probably be the most closed minded about
    considering it. And yet, I feel that it is something which desperately needs
    to be considered. In our society today the right to protest is being
    utilized in many productive and useful ways. It is good to make it known
    that you as an individual feel something needs to be changed. Demonstrations
    also should carry with them the responsibility of those individuals involved
    to work to change that which they do not believe in. Protest can also be
    used as a tool for breaking down (Continued on Page 3)

Heading: Mayday Lockup
Content: By LOU BUCCERI The D.C. Coliseum is old and run-down just as most of the black
    ghetto that surrounds it. Inside there are seats for about 10,000 people
    surrounding a large oval arena. The ceiling is decorated with fading red,
    white, and blue pennants and bunting and in the center a huge cubical
    scoreboard and clock hangs proclaiming 'Pepsi-Cola' for all the world to
    see. The National Guard formed a line at the mid-point of the oval dividing
    the prisoners from the tables set up for finger printing and mug shots. They
    stood with their riot elute at ease. At the edge of the arena (in the
    ringside seats) more guardsmen and D.C. police sat watching. Down on the
    floor about 1200 of us sat, stood, slept, sang, ran, chanted, laughed,
    talked and (some) made love. We had been in this eastwhile hockey stadium
    since 4:00 p.m. Wednesday, May 5. It was approaching 11:00 a.m. Thursday
    morning. During that time we had each had two bologna sandwiches (except the
    vegitarians who ate bread) and some water. Nine hundred of us had refused
    booking because we had not been allowed to see a lawyer or make phone calls.
    To pass the time we danced and wrote slogans on the 4-foot wall surrounding
    us (Nixon's a Vegetable) and rapped with the cops and the guard. The
    guardsmen were our friends, most had joined to escape the army. Whenever
    their shifts changed we chanted " Free the M.P.s"  and applauded. Most of
    the D.C. cops were in a good mood as well; they were getting close to $100 a
    day because of overtime riot duty. We were hungry, tired and cold (the
    coliseum was unheated), but in good spirits. At about 11:30 a.m. we were
    told that we were being moved. We discussed whether we should go along or
    passively resist. We decided to refuse to leave without first seeing our
    lawyers. About 20 cops moved in and began dragging us out. One cop felt
    obliged to drag men out by their long hair. Another tried to bend women's
    fingers back until they screamed. He thought that they would then cooperate;
    the poor fool was wrong. They spent about an hour mov ing people (some
    walking, some being dragged) to the buses. Watching the scene some of the
    guardsmen were in tears. The buses took us to the center of Washington. We
    traveled down an elevator to some underground cells. They put 121 of us in a
    25 man cell. Six cells for 750 people. The women came in seperate buses and
    were physically forced to submit to finger printing, the men still refused.
    By 8:00 p.m. Thursday evening we had 2 more bologna and 1 cheese sandwich,
    plus some food sent in by the black community. We had been held for 28 hours
    and had seen no lawyers and been unable to make phone calls. The new cells
    had very poor ventilation, the temprature topped 100 degrees. Three men in
    my cell fainted; one almost slashed his wrists. There was no room to walk,
    sleep or do anything but sit and wait. We stripped to the waist, passed cups
    of water to one an other, sang, chanted, om-ed and sweated a great deal.
    About 8:30 p.m. a public defense lawyer appeared. He told us our cases were
    being dismissed. A half hour later another lawyer appeared and told us the
    first lawyer was wrong and that we were going to be held in contempt of
    court if we didn't accept fingerprinting. We were angry, confused and
    suspicious. It was rumored that the lawyers were really plamclothesmen. We
    demanded to see the People's Coalition lawyers. We were refused. We demanded
    the right to a phone call. We were refused. At 10:00 p.m. judges of the
    Supreme Court came down to view cell conditions. The D.C. Public Health
    Service had complained that the conditions posed a possible threat of
    epidemic. By 3 a.m. a third lawyer appeared and said that the court had
    ruled our cells " crule and unusual punishment."  We were split into small
    groups and sent to outlying precincts. There, despite the court order, we
    were crowded into one man cells, five people in the space of two phone
    booths. At last we were allowed to make phone calls and to talk personally
    with lawyers. All but about 100 persons agreed to be fingerprinted under
    threat of contempt citations. Finally, after 56 hours in custody, we were
    arraigned. All but 6 of us pleaded not-guilty. Most people were released on
    $20. bail, though one judge dismissed all the cases brought before him. At
    midnight Friday May 7, after 2% days in jail on a minor mis demeanor, the
    last person arrested at the capitol building was released on bail. The trial
    is set for July 8.

Heading: Letters to the Editor
Content: 

Heading: Guest Column
Content: By MICHAEL HOLOSZYC (Continued from Page 2) communication barriers. It is from
    this that true understanding can develop. Somehow the hatred and abusive
    attitude of some of those' students at Davis Gym is in my mind just as
    destructive to peace as hatred and abuse in Vietnam. Because of this, the
    protest lodged Thursday was not productive, it was not good. It served only
    as the pro testor's own edification. My con dolences are extended to those
    who wished to make it a useful tool. Carleen Minucci

Heading: FRISCH FIRED!
Content: To members of the Bucknell com munity: We, the members of the fourth New Dorm
    hall group, would like to inform the academic community of certain matters
    pertaining to the recent " resignation"  of our R.A. About a week ago, he
    was asked to resign by Miss Judy at the request of Miss Peck, the Head
    Resident of New Dorm. According to Miss Pec), and Miss Judy, our former R.A.
    had failed to perform certain administrative functions several times during
    the year. While we realize this is true, we feel the infractions were of
    such a minor nature that the " forced" resignation was unjustified. We feel
    that Bill's working relationship and rapport with the men on the hall
    outweigh such minor incidents as: failing to post certain notices, lock ing
    up late several times during the year, failing to evict a pet snake from the
    dorm. We feel it is ironic that people who have little or no firsthand
    knowledge of the general life of our hall group are given the sole
    responsibility of judging the per formance of our R.A. As a matter of
    courtesy, we feel that the resi dence hall staff should have advised us as
    to the severity of his negli gence. Had we been aware of the potential
    dangers of his acts we surely would have counselled him to mend his ways. It
    is our feeling that the functions of an R.A. go far beyond petty ad
    ministrative duties. More important ly, an R.A. must be able to relate
    effectively to his specific hall group both as a group and as individuals.
    Our R.A. has accomplished this, and has been one of the most sin cere and
    helpful individuals on the residence hall staff. We feel the residence hall
    staff has done both our R.A. and them selves a gross injustice. We expect
    that Bill will be reinstated without delay. Men of fourth New Dorm

Heading: Downed Poster
Content: To the Editor: Last week I posted on the bulletin board between Vaughan
    Literature Building and Bertrand Library a notice concerning the visit to
    Buck nell of a French theater group. The last time I passed that way, the
    poster had disappeared. While I did not expect the whole University
    community to go wild with enthusi asm over the event, nor did I fore see
    such petty stupidity. John E. Gale Director of the French Program

Heading: Wasted
Content: (Continued from Page 2) in an intersection, forcing traffic to stop. Some
    motorists, however, would continue moving right through the demonstrators,
    leaving it to them not to get run over. Other motorists, who are normally
    irritated sufficiently by the heavy rush-hour traffic, would curse and shout
    at the obnoxious long-hairs. The feeling of hatred prevailed at every
    intersection I saw. After a minute (or even less), the police would come
    running after the kids, nightsticks swinging, and often, tear gas being
    thrown. Underneath the helments and masks, one could sense the hatred that
    was present. The kids would scream a few obscenities and then disperse, a
    few staying behind to be arrested. A little later, groups would get together
    again and the same thing would occur. Eventually, most of the kids decided
    their time had come and were peacefully brought to what they thought would
    be a jail, but was in fact a football field. It was " cops 'n robbers,"  for
    bigger stakes than most had ever played it before. I wasn't able to block
    traffic that morning. Instead, I was only an observer although my heart was
    supporting the protesters. This was the first time that I was actually
    witnessing mass clubbings and tear gassing, but I don't think it was that
    which really discouraged me. What I found most depressing, was the hatred
    which was created from the physical confrontation. The motorists were
    representative of so many people who I knew and liked, the naval officer
    merely one of them. For me to tell them, 'no, you're not going to go to work
    today' as they shouted obscenely at me, was making too great a demand of me.
    Likewise, turning the cops into pigs was something I was not able to
    participate in. And besides, what were we doing to end the Vietnam War? I
    left Washington that afternoon more uncertain than when I had ar rived. It
    upset me that the physical confrontation and the violence that ensued was
    being done in the name of peace. But yet, it remains a truth (hat civil
    disobedience is usually the most effective means of bringing about change. I
    left Washington with great respect for the people who attempted to stop the
    war-making government for a day, but yet I wasn't able to join them in their
    effort. It seemed that civil disobedience requires enormous commitment to
    cause, a commitment which forces you to overlook the anger which you are
    likely to incite. I found myself unable to ignore these adverse effects. '65
    '66 Male 143 196 Single Female 22 18 Married Females 64 91 Males with
    Masters 82 48 Single Females with Masters 14 6 Married Females with Masters
    25 13 Married Females with Masters & No Job 6 1 Married Females without
    Masters & Job 17 34 Married Females without Masters & No Job 22 44 Total
    Males in Graduating Class 323 348 Total Females in Graduating Class 174 160

Heading: GUEST COLUMN
Content: 

Heading: Morality in Vietnam
Content: By PETER BALARIAN Upon being asked to cover the contact lecture in which Colonel
    Ondi- shko and Major Patterson of the ROTC department were to speak on the
    Calley trial, I became rather eager to hear exactly what these men, who were
    closely associated with the military, felt about the trial, in regard to
    military justice. However, to my disappointment, I listened to them explain
    the pro cedures of the military courts and the codes of military law for
    forty-five minutes without ever making more than a reference to Calley or a
    similar case. Finally, when the question-and-answer period took place, the
    questions poured in concerning Calley. It was far more relevant than the
    lecture, so I captured what dialogue I could jot down. Q: To what degree do
    you feel that Lt. Calley's actions are a man ifestation of military
    orientation, or to what extent is the U.S. Army responsible for the
    murdurous actions of Calley? Patterson: If the army gives a man an order, he
    should take it upon himself to decide whether that order is morally right or
    wrong. Q: How do you expect a man to have any moral conception, if you have
    trained him to kill? Patterson: The army does not train men to kill women
    and children, but trains them to fight in combat. Q: In a war such as this,
    in which guerilla combat is the chief means of warfare and the lines are not
    distinct, civilians and soldiers are often mistaken, and training men to
    fight in combat doesn't really matter. Furthermore are morality and murder
    conditional things that we can justify if a man is in military attire, but
    that we can't if a man is in civilian clothes? Patterson: Well, I'm not
    denying that all war is immoral. Upon this remark, I was beginning to feel
    frustrated and decided to leave, realizing that these war arguments never
    get anywhere. Certainly, I said to myself, all war is immoral. . .Then why
    don't you, Major Pat terson, and all your other military collegues realize
    the thousands of lives that the army perverts and morally destroys? Calley,
    like many other men in Vietnam, are probably incapable of making moral
    judgments. . .When one murders day after day, one must lose sight of the
    value of a human life, for the process of murdering women and children is
    only a logical extension of the process of murder ing men. It is the system
    that is a morally degenerate institution -- the soldiers are only its
    product. If you wish to speak of moral decisions a soldier should make upon
    receiving an order, relieve him from his immoral en vironment, and he may be
    able to think more clearly. (Continued from Page 2) females out of 227
    listed in the directory in 1965 (73%) and 146 out of 214 in the 1966 one
    (70%) were married by their first reunion. Un fortunately, we have no compar
    able statistics for the men in the classes. A rough breakdown of the sta
    tistics we compiled is as follows with the figures for the class of 1965
    preceeding the 1966 ones. Total complete replies:

Heading: The Right to Know
Content: By DEAN LANDEW This study is meant only to pro vide a basis for future research,
    to lay bare some of the difficulties one will be presented with, and to
    allow room for arm-chair theoriz ing. It would be a great benefit if someone
    would study this area in depth with a well thought out plan. (Continued from
    Page 2) supercede public knowledge. Enough people apparently felt that it
    simply was not anybody's right to know. series. The major issue seems to be
    whether private concerns should The reasons for this are no doubt many. Some
    may have felt that a public statement in numbers about drug use could only
    increase legal pressures, regardless of how good our intentions were. Others
    may not have wanted to bother with filling out a questionnaire. Some may
    simply have ignored it because of a lack of trust in our methods and
    therefore in whatever results we might get. Whatever the reasons, it is
    clear that any right of the public to know was questioned. It would seem
    evident that the nature of a poll is a less insidious form of prying than an
    electronic bug, a wiretap, and certainly a subpoena to testify. But it would
    also seem that people are wary of so called " fact gathering."  Perhaps they
    should be these days. It is the expansive surveillance in our society now
    that has caused those being watched to be watchful. Here on campus, a small
    group of people have forced all of us, if we have a stake in journalism or
    not, to ask ourselves where we draw the line between the right to privacy
    and the public right to know.

Heading: CLASS OF 71
Content: 

Heading: --presents
Content: 

Heading: BORIS KARLOFF IN
Content: 

Heading: THURSDAY, MAY 13
Content: 

Heading: 8:00 P.M.
Content: 

Heading: VAUGHAN LIT. AUD.
Content: 

Heading: ONE
Content: 

Heading: SHOW ONLY
Content: 

Heading: 50 cents
Content: 

Heading: (bring
Content: 

Heading: someone to
Content: 

Heading: hold your hand)
Content: an .4 u * ) MAY 13, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE THREE
Content: 

Heading: r
Content: %

Heading: *Misconduct
Content: 

Heading: 9
Content: 

Heading: Charge
Content: (Continued from Page 1) In response to the charges, Osher stated, " They leave
    me non plussed; it just seems to be another case of small men in big
    places." Although he refused to make any specific comments on the incident
    itself, he added, " The charges against me are so flimsy that I can only
    conjecture that the Administra tion is being pressured to demon strate their
    disciplinary capabilities. " I mention this because, at the time of the
    alleged incidents, at least one member of the Board of Trustees was present.
    Therefore, Zeller and Dunlop would seem to have yielded to these external
    forces, focusing upon me as a con venient target." The specific regulations
    which Osher is accused of violating are " failure to comply with the proper
    requests of University officials act ing in performance pf their duties or
    to identify oneself to these of ficials when asked"  and " disorder ly
    conduct on University owned or controlled property." Osher said that he is
    planning to file charges against Dunlop, Zeller and Bernard Riley,
    Superintendant of Buildings, for interfering with " his freedom of
    movement."  Inter ference of the freedom of move ment of any member of the
    Uni versity community is in violation of a Student Handbook regulation re
    lating to conduct.

Heading: Season Closes
Content: 

Heading: Peace
Content: Bucknell Students for Peace will hold a meeting for anyone interest ed in
    working with the organiza tion next year in the Bison back room Thursday at
    7:00 p.m. Elec tion of officers will be held.

Heading: Room Contracts
Content: All students who have selected rooms and who are planning to cancel their
    contracts are asked to contact the Residence Halls Office as soon as
    possible even though the deadline is June 1.

Heading: Degrees
Content: (Continued from Page 1) Doctor of Business Administration degree, Mr. Kushell is
    a 1927 grad uate of the University and formerly served as director of
    finance of the Port of New York Authority and financial vice president and
    di rector of Montgomery Ward Com pany.

Heading: Postponement
Content: (Continued from Page 1) mittee has sent to the President the tabulated results
    of the March hous ing questionnaire, which indicates student support for
    these programs. Other future business includes consideration of two sub-
    committees passed by the ABS to function under S.A.C.: one to review the
    policies of the Office of Residence Halls, and the Freshman Programs; the
    other to supervise the activities and policies of the student health ser
    vices on campus. Commenting on the rumor that Edward Cotter, assistant
    professor of geology, has resigned from the committee, as a protest, Dunlop
    noted that he has not received any notice to that effect.

Heading: The Final Word
Content: 

Heading: FINAL EXAMINATION SCHEDULE
Content: Second Semester 1970-1971 Date Time Class Period Tuesday, May 18 2:00 p.m. MWF
    9:00, MTWTF 9:00, MTWT 9:00, MTWF 9:00 Tuesday, May 18 7:00 p.m. Tu 10:00,
    TT 10:00, MWF 2:45, MTWTF 2:45, MTTF 2:45, MW 3:15 Wednesday, May 19 9:00
    a.m.

Heading: MWF
Content: 12:45,

Heading: MW
Content: 12:45,

Heading: MWTF
Content: 12:45, MTWTF 12:45 Wednesday, May 19 2:00 p.m. TT 9:00, TT 9:30 Wednesday, May
    19 7:00 p.m. MWF 3:45, W 4:15 Thursday, May 20 9:00 a.m. TT 3:15, TT 2:45,
    Th 2:45 Thursday, May 20 2:00 p.m. Tu 8:00, TT 8:00 Thursday, May 20 7:00
    p.m. TT 11:00 Friday, May 21 9:00 a.m. TT 1:45, Tu 1:45, Th 1:45 Friday, May
    21 2:00 p.m. MWF 8:00, MTWTF 8:00, MWTF 8:00, MTWF 8:00 Saturday, May 22
    9:00 a.m. MWF 11:00, MTWTF 11:00, MF 11:00, MW 11:00, MTTF 11:00, MT WF
    11:00, MWTF 11:00 Saturday, May 22 2:00 p.m. MWF 1:45, MW 1:45, M 1:45, W
    1:45, F 1:45, MTWTF 1:45, MTTF 1:45 Monday, May 24 9:00 a.m. MWF 10:00,
    MTWTF 10:00, MF 10:00, MW 10:30, MTWF 10:00, MTWT 10:00 Monday, May 24 2:00
    p.m. TT 12:45, Tu 12:45, Th 12:45

Heading: u r o r n e p
Content: 

Heading: studies
Content: 

Heading: in the
Content: 

Heading: Heart o f the
Content: 

Heading: Finger
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: at
Content: 

Heading: ITHACA
Content: 

Heading: COLLEGE
Content: 

Heading: Graduate
Content: 

Heading: and
Content: 

Heading: Undergraduate
Content: 

Heading: Programs
Content: 

Heading: For more information about the new
Content: 

Heading: campus, summer programs and recre
Content: 

Heading: ation activities at Ithaca College . . .
Content: 

Heading: W R ITE : Director, Summer Sessions,
Content: 

Heading: Ithaca College, Ithaca, N.Y. 14850.
Content: 

Heading: r
Content: 

Heading: *
Content: 

Heading: SESSIONS:
Content: 

Heading: June 7th
Content: 

Heading: June 28th
Content: 

Heading: July 12th
Content: 

Heading: Social Science
Content: 

Heading: Fine Arts
Content: 

Heading: Radio-TV
Content: 

Heading: Drama
Content: 

Heading: Natural Science
Content: 

Heading: Music
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: Athletics
Content: 

Heading: Film
Content: 

Heading: Humanities
Content: 

Heading: Exhibits
Content: 

Heading: Theatre
Content: 

Heading: Cinematography
Content: 

Heading: Health
Content: 

Heading: Recreation
Content: 

Heading: Work Shops
Content: 

Heading: Communications Arts
Content: 

Heading: ALSO
Content: 

Heading: Summer
Content: 

Heading: Repertory
Content: 

Heading: Theatre
Content: 

Heading: Summer Recreation at its Finest
Content: 

Heading: .
Content: 

Heading: O D K
Content: Six men were recently Initiated into Omicron Delta Kappa, men's leadership
    honorary: juniors Pete Holmes, Roger Claus, John Ray- hack, and Mike
    Scheinberg; and seniors Ken Donahue and Jock Wil- lers.

Heading: Employment
Content: The political science department would like to hire two students for
    approximately one week during the latter part of June to code question
    naires and prepare punch cards. If interested, contact Mrs. Danowsky,
    secretary of the department.

Heading: Author
Content: Majorie Melville, who co-authored 'Whose Heaven, Whose Earth?' with her husband,
    will be speaking in formally at the New Dorm Pit to night at 7:30.

Heading: Refrigertors
Content: Those who wish to return their refrigerators may do so any day next week at the
    Physical Plant between 1 and 2 p.m.

Heading: Volunteers
Content: The C.A. is beginning a new pro gram with the 150 inmates at Muncy Correctional
    Institution for Women. Volunteer help is urgently needed beginning this
    summer. If interested or want more informa tion call Jan Garrett (3111) or
    Susan Laughiin (1559).

Heading: Grants
Content: The Political Science Department has available 3 summer grants for students
    interested to work on cur riculum revision. Details are avail able from the
    Political Science Office (Coleman 212A), any member of the staff, or may be
    read on the Political Science bulletin board.

Heading: Library Hours
Content: The Bertrand Library will open at the following times: May 18-20 8:50 a.m. to
    midnight May 21-23 8:50 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. May 24-28 8:30 p.m. to 4:30 May
    29 9:00 a.m. to 3:30 May 30-31 Closed June 1-20 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 Closed on
    weekends. be p.m p.m. p.m.

Heading: Phys Ed Requirement
Content: The final examination for an evening class is to be given at the last class
    meeting. In no case may a student be given an examination in advance of the
    time appointed for the final examination of the class. (Continued from Page
    1) essary. In answer to The Bucknellian editorial of May 7th, which ques
    tioned the value of a mandatory program even if the experiment proved the
    program instrumental, Kirkland said, " Sometimes you have to educate the
    people to what is good for them." Latour tended to agree when he said,
    following the meeting, " If we don't have a required program the students
    that need this type of activity wiD never appear . . . The history of the
    instiitutions that have abolished it (P.E. requirement) is that those
    students that needed it (physical education) most did not participate." In
    objection to the " guinea pig" nature of the proposed requirement and the
    inability of the CAR to produce a rationale for the two-year requirement,
    Michael Payne, as sistant professor of English, pro posed abolishment of the
    require ment although pending the forma tion of an adequate rationale by the
    proposed committee. His motion was ruled out of order since it changed the
    substance of the motion on the floor and was not further discussed. The
    discussion of the motion ended with the decision to table the bill and
    recess until a special meet ing is called before the end of the school year
    or until the first faculty meeting next September.

Heading: Appointments
Content: (Continued from Page 1) nomic sociology and economic an thropology, particularly
    the study of modernization of peasant society. Another new faculty member
    who has been overseas recently is Dr. Richard G. Slotter, visiting pro
    fessor of chemistry next year. Dr. Slotter has spent the past seven' years
    teaching chemistry at Robert College in Istanbul. He is a special ist in
    electrochemical kinetics. Dr. Stanley L. Warner, assistant professor of
    economics at the Uni versity of California in Santa Cruz since 1966, when he
    received his Ph. D. from Harvard, has been ap pointed to a similar position
    here. Dr. Warner's fields of interest are American economic history and in
    dustrial organization. The department of political science will be getting a
    new mem ber, Dr. Tom A. Travis, who is as sistant professor of political
    science at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. Dr. Travis
    received his Ph.D.

Heading: Classy-Fyed
Content: BOOKS -- 20,000 of all sorts! At the bookstore in Swengel, Pa., 12 miles west of
    Lewisburg. CORNELL'S COIN & STAMP SHOP We buy and sell U.S. coins and
    stamps. 35 Broadway, Milton. Open 10 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.

Heading: FLUTE FOR SALE
Content: Jordan B-274, Cheap. Tom HELP WANTED -- $100.00 weekly possible addressing mail
    for firms - Full and part time at home - Send stamped self-addressed en
    velope to Blaber Co. Box 12459 El Paso, Texas 79912. FOUND -- 1972 Bucknell
    class ring. Call David Taylor 3443. from the Maxwell School of Citizen ship
    and Public Affairs at Syracuse University and he was recipient of a Maxwell
    Fellowship for graduate study. David V. Keens, Jr., who is cur rently a
    Ph.D. candidate at Florida State University, will join the fac ulty as
    visiting assistant professor of electrical engineering. Mr. Keens will be
    teaching electronics and communication theory. Joining the history
    department will be Mr. Gad Joseph Heuman, who will be the partial replace
    ment for professors John Kirkland and Mark Neuman, who will be on sabbatical
    leave. ''White studies,"  that is, the po litical, economical, and psychol
    ogical relationships of the English colonists to their subjects in the
    Caribbean and elsewhere, is Mr. Heuman's chief field of interest. Other new
    professors will be Charles Messa, assistant professor of chemical
    engineering, and two women, Monica

Heading: M.
Content: Atkins and Marion L. Huffines, who will teach in the department of modem lang
    uages.

Heading: ABOBTION
Content: 

Heading: LET US HELP YOU
Content: Call us now (collect) and one ot our dedicated staff will answer your questions
    about placement in Clinics and accredited Hospitals in New York City.

Heading: LOW COST
Content: 

Heading: STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
Content: AVAILABLE 7 DAYS A WEEK

Heading: CALL ANYTIME (collect)
Content: 

Heading: (212) 371-6670
Content: 

Heading: or
Content: 

Heading: (212) 759-6810
Content: 

Heading: WOMEN'S
Content: 

Heading: PAVILION
Content: 

Heading: INC.
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: StS MADISON AVENUE, N.Y. . _ _______ 10022 ^

Heading: Cocktail Theater Presents Plays by Pinter, Odets
Content: By SANDRA MARTIN Three more Cocktail Theater one- acts were presented in the
    past two weeks on the Coleman Hall stage. Clifford Odets' Waiting for Lefty,
    directed by Les Moonves, is a some what dated play when one views it on an
    obvious and superficial level; it is a series of vignettes dealing with the
    problems--corporate and private -- of Depression America. But looking deeper
    into the message of the text, one senses a relevance to one of the biggest
    conflicts today --the right of the individual versus the " powers that be"
    -- be they governmental, political, or tradi tional. Pa-formed in an
    environmental setting on a three-quarter thrust stage, the play made good
    use of the audience as part of the total scenic design, seating them in a
    configuration resembling a union hall and having them rise at the beginning
    for the national anthem. Part of the cast was planted throughout the
    audience to add to the immediacy of effect; and the cast in these large
    scenes main tained a high energy level un matched by many other recent
    shows. Especially notable in these scenes were the performances of Stan
    Weindorf and Mitch Kagan. Vignettes If Director Moonves met with ap proval
    in his staging of the large

Heading: PAGE FOUR
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MAY 13, 1971

Heading: Reflections on Harrisburg
Content: By ROBERT WENDEL As the end of the year draws near, and many members of the
    campus community will have little or no contact with the proced- ings
    presently taking place in nearby Harrisburg, it seems very appropriate to
    comment on the Grand Jury investigations, indict ments, and stratagems to
    date. From the first, it seemed obvious to many of the " witnesses," and/or
    " defendants" that the government was on a " fishing ex pedition."  One of
    the most obvious reas ons for this accusation was that the subpoenas which
    were issued by the government were of the " John Doe"  variety. In essense
    this meant that the prosecu tion could delve into just about any area it
    felt important. This also led many leaders of the peace movement to charge
    that the govern ment was using the Grand Jury as a means of intimidating and
    scaring the moderates from taking part in anti-war activities, for fear o f
    later prosecution. The original indictment of the Berrigans, in the words of
    News week, was " rucshed out after FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover leaked word
    of the investigation prematurely to a Senate subcommittee." Since that time
    the prosecution has been desperately trying to gather incriminating evidence
    from the many witnesses. It has gone so far as to offer transitional
    immunity in hopes of forcing people like fellow student, William Gardiner,
    into testifying--but with little or no success. In fact it has gone even
    further now, to the point where it has brought charges of contempt against
    some of those who have refused to accept that immunity. Then last week,
    Newsweek again reported that, " the govern ment won a new indictment in the
    case, adding two new defendants, discarding Father Philip's brother
    (Daniel), and making the fresh accusation that the defendants tried to
    recruit sympathizers to vandalize draftboard records in several Eastern
    cities. But at the same time, the government redefined the conspiracy
    accusation-- both broadening and diluting it, so that rather than carrying a
    life sentence, the maximum penalty on conviction would be (only) five years
    in prison." Along with this new indictment two letters, which are alleged to
    have been written by Philip Berrigan and Sister Elizabeth Mc Alister, were
    released for national circulation--an act which many have called a
    blantantly prejudicial act. The letters themselves leave much to be desired
    in the way of proving that any con spiracy was in fact taking place. There
    is no question as to whether or not the letters refer in general terms to
    the " kidnap--in our terminology, make a citizens arrest of--someone like
    Henry Kis- senger." However, nowhere, in either letter, does anyone come
    right out and say that the 'plan'' is anything more than a fanciful mental
    exercise. One of the most disgruntling aspects of the investigation is the "
    psy-war" which has developed between the defense and prosecution. There have
    been many inconsistencies on the part of the government--holding some people
    for contempt and not others, citing some for civil and others for criminal
    contempt for the same actions; stringing some of the witnesses along while
    terminating the subpoenas of others. I would ask everyone on this campus the
    following question- Have you ever considered doing something illegal, maybe
    in a moment of anger, or depression, which you actually never comm itted?
    Then consider the following--What if someone 'turned you in' , and you were
    charged with conspiracy to commit that act? The fact is that this is exactly
    what the government is trying to charge the Harrisburg defendants of doing.
    The inevitable question one must ask himself is whether or not the
    constitution is any longer a valid document. Because if it is, surely
    freedom of speech would cover the " overt act of consider ing an illegal
    act. Another thing is this--who judges the legality of governmental actions?
    For instance, if the President of the U.S. pnmmiM-pH a crime, who would
    arrest him? More than likely no one. Thus when you consider that Sister
    Elizabeth viewed the kidnapp ing"  as a citiizen arrest and stated that
    Kissenger would be un harmed and released in a week, one can at least
    perceive the rationale for the plan. Finally, it would seem that regardless
    of one's personal political affiliation, one should realize that a lot more
    than a simple criminal trial is taking place in Harrisburg. Rather, the very
    fiber of the constitution is being jeopardized; and more so by the
    government itself, than by the " criminals"  it is trying to prosecute. cast
    scenes, he had less success with his small vignettes. In both of their
    episodes, Sally Gudbrandsen and Mitch Kagan were hampered by a lack of
    imaginative blocking, as were Jim McShane and Chapin Wright in their scenes
    together; the characters in these episodes seemed to be performing on one
    plane and in a one-dimensional fashion in stead of fully utilizing the space
    at their disposal. The lighting, de signed by Marc Feinberg, seemed a purely
    functional one, contrasting the emotional tones of the small vignettes with
    the brassy glare of the union hall. * * * Directed by Nancy Henry, The York
    Crucifixion was a modern version of the oldest example of black comedy on
    record. The ad aptation of the 15th century miracle play was written by the
    director herself and was a devastating look at the gross inhumanity of man
    to wards the Son of Man. Staged in a three-quarter thrust configuration, the
    focal set piece was a multilevel angular representation of Calvary that was
    an aesthetically pleasing punctuation to the dialogue. The lighting design
    by Doug Grove also imaginatively conveyed the neces sary somber and
    terrifyingly ironic mood. Both added greatly to the immediancy of the
    atmosphere; the audience was convincingly drawn into the performance that
    seemed less a performance than an actual event happening before their eyes.
    Appealing Individuals The soldiers as a unit appeared somewhat stiff and
    limited in their movement; at times they seemed unable to break away from
    their basic blocking patterns into natural istic motion. Individually,
    however, there were some bits of acting that were quite appealing. George
    Hatza, as the greenhorn member of the crucifixion detail, was especially
    endearing as the sole sympathizer with the figure of Christ; he was in stark
    contrast to the others-- coarse, vulgar, and hardened by similar gory
    executions in the past. John Traficonte projected a real istic "Marlon
    Brando" interpreta tion, while Marc Powers and Jay Deluca convincingly
    emphasized cruelty and indifference, respect ively. Although his part was
    rela tively small, Jon Whitney was a strong and believable Christ. Per haps
    more time was necessary to have brought together effectively these disparate
    personalities into a smooth and connected whole. Jones, as Jame's wife
    Stella, was a good personification of the feminine focal point of the
    confusion; her facial expressions were appropri ately mysterious. Ron
    Hombeck, as Bill's roommate Harry, decidedly had the most polished
    performance; the discipline and control he pro jected fit his mature
    character very well. Direction Director Billig staged her pro duction with
    the use of a visually interesting simultaneous thrust staging that provided
    a greater op portunity for maximum understand ing of motivation; the
    audience was able to view both a scene in pro gress and reactions of the
    other characters at the same time. And Doug Grove's lighting design helped
    to delineate time and place through out the show with some unique and well-
    planned techniques.

Heading: Meckley's Meats
Content: 

Heading: Finest Quality
Content: PHONE 524-0744

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa.
Content: 

Heading: SPECIAL PRICES TO FRATS
Content: a n n i . . . . . iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiipiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiii
    iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiBiiiiiiui
    iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii^

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: Commentary: The SAC
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: 

Heading: Becker Motor Co. - VW
Content: RTS- 11 & 15-- SELINSGROVE PHONE 743-1514

Heading: SALES
Content: 

Heading: SERVICE --  PARTS
Content: 

Heading: COMPLETE TOWING
Content: ft BODY SHOP WORK The Collection, written by Harold Pinter and directed by Joan
    Billig, in no way departs from the Pinter norm of merciless and constant
    questioning, innuendoes, and un answered truths which eventually leads to an
    unresolved conclusion. The play concerns the interrelation ship of two
    couples, a man and his wife whom he accuses of infidelity, and a pair of
    roommates--alluded to as being homosexuals--one of whom the husband suspects
    as his wife's lover. Caught in a web of what might be lies and might be
    truth, the characters find them selves enmeshed in a situation with no
    defined boundaries. The company of actors worked together well under Joan
    Billig's direction; however, in many cases the adopted English accents, al
    though logically necessary for the British play, were either forced or else
    forgotten in speeches of several cast members. Trevor Lewis was a convincing
    James and was at his best in his comic scenes opposite Bill, as portrayed by
    Bob Colgan. Colgan impressively created his character in all dimensions--
    voice, personality, and movement. Maggi

Heading: P R E G N A N T
Content: 

Heading: 7
Content: 

Heading: N E E D  H E L P ?
Content: 

Heading: YOUR QUESTIONS ON
Content: 

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: CAN ONLY BE FULLY
Content: 

Heading: ANSWERED BY
Content: 

Heading: PROFESSIONALS
Content: CALL (215) 878-5800 24 HOURS 7 DAYS FOR TOTALLY CON

Heading: FIDENTIAL
Content: 

Heading: INFORMATION.
Content: Legal Abortions Without Delay
    liniiimimiiiiiimniiiiiiimimiiniffliBiiHiiiniiiiuiiiiiiiiiiHHHi By NEIL
    HENDERSHOT The recent hint of resignation from the Student Affairs Committee
    by Edward Cotter, Assistant Pro fessor of Geology, culminates the growing
    student-faculty criticism of this, potentially the most powerful of
    University committees. The Stu dent Affairs Committee (S.A.C.) appears to be
    floundering because of an absence of purpose, a lack of authority or
    authentic power, and a profound lack of confidence--evi denced both in its
    own membership, and in its constituency, the Uni versity community--in its
    effective ness to successfully deal with the affairs and demands of the
    students. These basic problems must not be overlooked in a University body
    so involved wiith student concerns. At present, the committee is made up of
    seven students, three faculty members, and four administrators. This group
    is given, on paper, the momentous charge of supervising " student life" ;
    "The jurisdiction of the Student Affairs Committee in cludes those matters
    involving stu dents which do not fall within the jurisdiction of other
    established University committees. The com mittee may study such matters
    (and make recommendations) as fall within this area of definition and which
    are submitted to it by the President of the University, the Faculty, the
    ABS, administrative officials concerned with student life or by students at
    large."  The com mittee, then, has only the power to study and recommend,
    and may be charged by almost any group. It has, of late, become the " study"
    group for the Office of the Presi dent. Matters recently considered have
    been basic, central issues to Uni versity students; a study of policies and
    practices concerning sex educa tion, birth control services, and un wanted
    pregnancies; a study of the " experimental" living situation in cluding
    Hours and Visitation Policy, Co-residential Living, and the Freshman
    Residence Program; and other matters still pending. But un fortunately, in
    almost every case, the committee's action is one step behind the movement.
    Its consider ations are mop-up; it is the Uni versity's follow-up to student
    action. It is a rear guard outfit. Further, the exact purpose of the S.A.C
    is in doubt, its position in the li governmental structure unknown. The
    great initiative taken by the students themselves, acting through the ABS,
    has come to overshadow the meager efforts of the S.A.C. Even when the
    Committee does take on a matter, it works slowly. Its laborious
    deliberations are com plete, no doubt; yet many students question if this is
    indeed an ad ministrative stalling technique. Al ready it has become
    apparent that its reports only confirm what is already known. Much of this
    inef ficiency is due to spotty attendance, a lack of quorum. It holds up
    busi ness: the report on hours and visi tation policy, perhaps its most im
    portant report of the year, could not be forwarded immediately be cause not
    enough students on the Committee could be found to sign it. It seems evident
    that the basic concept of the Committee's struc ture and responsibilities
    must be realistically revised. It must find a place in either the student,
    faculty, or presidential power structure. If it is a study committee, its
    reports should be timely; if it is a review committee, its considerations
    should carry some weight; if it is a rubber stamp, it should be acknowledged
    as such, and should not further im pede the legislative process of change.
    Students, faculty, and ad ministrators. must reconsider the charge of this
    committee and revise its structure. Either the Committee must be given more
    specific duties, stricter procedural guidelines, and a means by which
    internal cohesion and co operation may be achieved, or else the committee
    should, as one of its faculty members commented, " get out of here and stop
    playing around."

Heading: OVERNIGHT GUESTS
Content: 

Heading: WILL ALSO FIND ROOMS
Content: Mr. and Mrs. Fred G. Wilson 622 St. Catherine St. Lewisburg, Pa. Phone: 524-9426
    A small fee is charged

Heading: AR T'S BAKERY
Content: 

Heading: For the Tops in Lox
Content: 

Heading: -- Good Bagel's Too
Content: 

Heading: Art's Bakery
Content: 

Heading: 500 MARKET STRECT
Content: 

Heading: BY THE R. R. TRACKS
Content: 

Heading: A professional
Content: 

Heading: A B O R T I O N
Content: 

Heading: lhal is safe, legal &
Content: 

Heading: inexpensive
Content: 

Heading: can be set up on an
Content: 

Heading: outpatient basis by calling
Content: 

Heading: The Problem Pregnancy
Content: 

Heading: Referral Service
Content: 

Heading: 215-722-5360
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours--7 days
Content: 

Heading: for professional, confidential
Content: 

Heading: and caring help
Content: 

Heading: For Anti-Establishment Fashion . . . .  Visit
Content: 

Heading: #
Content: 

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: j
Content: 400 Market Street Lewisburg,

Heading: Pa.
Content: # Truth and Soul Fashions for your new kind # of livin g ............ You can do
    your own kind

Heading: S
Content: of dressing in fashions from 5

Heading: BROZMAN'S ROCK SHOP
Content: 

Heading: |
Content: MAY 13, 1971

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE FIVE
Content: \ t

Heading: University9s Impressive Kress Collection
Content: 

Heading: Includes Notable European Works of A rt
Content: 

Heading: Spotlight!
Content: By DAN MARTIN " Few of the smaller colleges in this country possess pictures
    repre senting the main developments in our Western European artistic heri
    tage,"  stated Blanchard Gummo, professor of art, upon the acquisi tion of
    the Samuel H. Kress Study Collection in 1961. Housed on the second floor of
    Bertrand Library, this significant, but relatively unnoticed University
    facility, consists of twenty paint ings, covering a period of French and
    Italian art from the Middle Ages through the Renaissance and into the
    Baroque. In addition to these splendid works of art, five of which have hung
    in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, the collection includes one
    piece of Tuscan sculpture. Beginnings The history of the collection began
    when Samuel Kress, brother of University alumnus Rush Kress, be gan
    collecting Italian Renaissance paintings as a hobby, which even tually
    assumed the proportions of a mammoth project. When the foundation which he
    had established took over the administration of his paintings, the
    collection included several hundred works of art, com prising French,
    German, Dutch, Flemish and Spanish masters, in addition to a few examples of
    nineteenth century painting.

Heading: THE PIZZA HUTCH
Content: 

Heading: Specializing in Pizza and
Content: 

Heading: Hoagie Sandwiches
Content: 

Heading: Mon.-Thur. - 9:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri.-Sat. - - - 9:00 - 1:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Sunday - - - - 7:00 - 11:30 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: TAKE OUTS
Content: 

Heading: For Quick Service
Content: 

Heading: CALL AHEAD
Content: 

Heading: 524-2494
Content: 

Heading: O P E N
Content: 

Heading: ..........
Content: 

Heading: Tue. - Thur. 11 am. - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: Fri. - Sat. - 11 am. - 1:30 am.
Content: 

Heading: Sun. -
Content: Mon.

Heading: - 5:00 - 12:00 p.m.
Content: 

Heading: 501 MARKET STREET
Content: 

Heading: LEWISBURG, PA.
Content: 

Heading: remaiHiaiHiaiaraiifBfaiajaiziiigi
Content: 

Heading: COLE'S
Content: 

Heading: HARDWARE
Content: 

Heading: Lewisburg, Pa. 17837
Content: 

Heading: Phone 523-1284
Content: 

Heading: iziBiaraziaraRiaiaiararaiziaiaia
Content: Since 1939, when Kress donated nearly four hundred paintings and sculptures to
    the newly formed National Gallery, three principal objectives concerning the
    collection have emerged: To establish in the National Gallery a great
    national Giampietrino's " Cleopatra"  clearly exhibits many of the qualities
    of the artist's teacher, Leonardo Da Vinci. treasure of works of art to
    supple ment its other collections, to extend the collection from the
    National Gallery in Washington to other com munities throughout the United
    States where fine paintings are few in number or do not exist at all, and
    finally, to distribute the bal ance of the collection to a selected group of
    universities and colleges where the acquisition of such works of art would
    help to improve their opportunities for scholarship and

Heading: B R U N O ' S
Content: 

Heading: House of Fashion
Content: 

Heading: 431 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-0790
Content: 

Heading: SCCOOOOOOOCCCCCCCOGOSCOI
Content: 

Heading: SILCO STORE
Content: 

Heading: I
Content: 

Heading: N
Content: 

Heading: C
Content: .

Heading: Men's
Content: 

Heading: Knit
Content: 

Heading: SLACKS
Content: 

Heading: IN SOLID COLORS
Content: 

Heading: $11.98
Content: 

Heading: LAIDES
Content: 

Heading: SCOOTER SKIRTS
Content: 

Heading: Sizes 6 to 18
Content: D R T r P T I

Heading: from $2.98 to $5.98
Content: 

Heading: S'
Content: 

Heading: $
Content: 

Heading: SUMMER in EUROPE for $199.00
Content: 

Heading: JUNE 5 -- AUGUST 26
Content: 

Heading: _____________
Content: 

Heading: LONDON $199.
Content: 

Heading: JULY 9 -- AUGUST 2 3
Content: 

Heading: _____________
Content: 

Heading: LONDON $219
Content: 

Heading: CALL SALLY LIFLAND (717) 524-1477
Content: 

Heading: BUCKNELL STUDENT FLIGHTS
Content: (Open only to Bucknell Students and Educational Staff-- Price Based on 60 Seats)
    m i

Heading: REED'S
Content: 

Heading: Summer Storage
Content: 

Heading: STUDENTS--Leave your Winter Gar
Content: 

Heading: ments with REED's lor Summer Box
Content: 

Heading: Storage.
Content: 

Heading: Full insured, freshly cleaned and
Content: 

Heading: pressed at Regular Cleaning Prices-
Content: 

Heading: 103 SOUTH SIXTH STREET
Content: 

Heading: 523-1282
Content: instruction. The twenty-one works of art which were selected as a Kress Study
    Col lection for the University include seven Florentine paintings, one from
    Siena, two from Rome, two from Ferrara, one from Milan, one from Bergamo,
    five from Venice, and one from France, in addition to the piece of Tuscan
    sculpture. Selected carefully to be used as an effective teaching tool, it
    has been possible through these works to suggest the growth of painting
    styles within important schools in western Europe. Tassi Landscape "
    Landscape with Tobias and the Angel" , attributed to Agostino Tassi
    (1566-1644), is, in the opinion of professor of art, James Tumure, an
    excellent work and one of the most outstanding of the Kress Col lection. In
    a landscape tradition usually associated with French and Flemish painters,
    the style of Tas- si's work was brought to Rome from Antwerp by his master,
    Paul Bril (1554-1626), and taken from Rome to France by his pupil, Claude
    Lorrain (1600-1682). Although Tassi's technique which resembles that of Bril
    earned him his reputa tion, he was also a good painter of perspective and
    architecture, his favorite subjects being marines and wide landscapes. Born
    in Perugia, Tassi neverthe less considered himself a Roman, and in fact did
    much of his paint ing there, including work in the Quirinale and the
    Rospiglioso and Doria palaces. His reputation has been enhanced much as a
    result of his famed student Lorrain. " Judgment of Paris," by the noted
    Mannerist Paolo Veronese (1528-1588) is another painting in the Kress
    Collection in which Tur- nure finds particular merit. Influ enced by
    Parmigianio and to some extent by Lotto and Titian, Vero nese's work set the
    style for decora tive painting in subsequent centur ies and profoundly
    influenced later artists, especially Tiepolo. In this work, Paris is placed
    to the right of the picture in shadow, with Hera to his left, followed by
    Aphrodite with three cupids over her head, and finally Pallas Athene. Critic
    Venturi has this to say about the painting: " A fascinating work of Paolo
    Veronese in his greatest period is this 'Judgment of Paris', with the
    elegance of the Parmigianesque nudes and the play ful circle of Angels above
    the head o: Aphrodite. The rarefied and clear cut scene, the sparse figures,
    the arpeggios of the reflections upon Paris in the shadow, the vibrant
    quality of a color animated by the opposition of lights and counter lights,
    give the highest measure of the art of Paolo." Sculpture The collection's
    single piece of sculpture, " Madonna and Child"  by Andrea Sansovino
    (1460-1529) may

Heading: ABORTION
Content: 

Heading: pregnancies up to 12 weeks
Content: 

Heading: terminated from
Content: 

Heading: $
Content: 

Heading: 175.00
Content: 

Heading: Medication, Lab Tests, Doc
Content: 

Heading: tors fees included. Hospital &
Content: 

Heading: Hospital affiliated clinics.
Content: 

Heading: (212) TR 7-8803
Content: 

Heading: 24 hours - 7 days
Content: 

Heading: PHYSICIANS REFERRAL
Content: W e know  w e can help you, even if it's just to talk to som eone.

Heading: STUDY SOUNDS
Content: 

Heading: IMPROVE GRADES
Content: Im prove Grades W hile Devoting The Same Am ount Of Tim e To Study USE STUDY
    SOUNDS Increase Y our Concentration A nd Im prove Your Comprehension. Study
    At A  Faster Rate. ELLECTRONICALLY PRODUCED SOUNDS CAUSE THIS TO HAPPEN
    Please Specify 8 Track Caseile, or LP R ecord Send Check or M oney
    Order--$9.95 Ea Include 75c Handling and Postage Sound Concepts, Inc.--B ox
    3852 Charlottesville, Va. 22902 be dated around 1520, not far from
    Sansovino's chief work, the " Ma donna and Saint Anne"  in Sant' Agostino at
    Rome. Roberto Longhi has said of this work that " it is a characteristic
    example by Andrea Sansovino, Tuscan sculptor, who sought to translate into
    marble the ideas of the Raphaelesque classic ism. In this case. . .it seems
    clear that the inspiration was derived from some Raphaelesque 'tondo' (round
    painting)." Although Venturi feels that San sovino " here reveals himself in
    the soft forms and in the sweetness of the rhythm,"  the work's attribution
    has been questioned by Ulrich Mid- deldorf, Director Emeritus of the
    Kunsthistorisches Institut in Flor ence, who visited the Kress Gallery with
    the express purpose of ex amining this sculpture. Echoes of Leonardo
    Giampietrino's " Cleopatra"  (pic tured) suggests, according to Gum mo, "
    the importance of the Leo- nardesque tradition in Milan."  The general
    character of this painting is definitely reminiscent of Leo nardo Da Vinci.
    Seated beside a table over which a striped cloth is thrown, Cleopatra
    stretches her right hand over a basket, from which an asp has already come
    out and wound itself around her arm. A red mantle, thrown behind her work in
    the Kress Collection, in cluded for its illustration of Italian influence on
    the North. When in the Cook Collection, in fact, this painting was
    attributed to Annibale Carracci, which can be explained in part by the
    generic resemblance to the " Polifmo"  by Annibale on the ceiling of the
    Palazzo Famese in Rome and by the presence of other elements of Bolognese
    culture. In the painting, the giant Poly phemus, nude, is seated on a rock,
    holding pipes in both hands and turning toward Galatea, who stands on her
    sea-shell surrounded by nymphs and tritons and cupids. To the left Europa
    and the Bull are surrounded by trirons, while a Nereid swims in the
    foreground. Although the works of art thus far discussed represent more im
    portant pieces of the collection, several other paintings should not be
    overlooked. " Madonna and Child with Saints and Angels"  by Spinel- lo
    Aretino (1346-1410) is one of these, in addition to Angolo Bron zino's "
    Portrait of a Lady"  and " Portrait of a Young Man in Black,"  attributed to
    Tintoretto. The attributtion of " Madonna and Child" to Mariotto
    Albertinelli has been questioned by Sidney Friedburg, who feels it
    representes the work of Rosso Florentino (II Rosso), a fact which could make
    it one of the " Polyphemus and the Sea Nymphs,"  by the French artist
    Francois Perrier, shows a definite resemblance to the paintings of Annibale
    Car racci on the ceiling of the Plazzo Famese in Rome, and the work has, in
    fact, been previously attributed to Annibale. shoulders and held in at one
    hip, falls open showing the opaline body. The small head is turned up toward
    the sky, to which the hand is also pointing. These gestures reflect
    Leonardo's mature style, as does the pictorial treatment with the strong use
    of chiaroscuro (violently contrasting areas of light and shadow). Giam-
    pietrino (16th century) is in fact mentioned in Leonardo's manuscript notes,
    and his paintings have con tributed in an important degree to the spreading
    of the knowledge and influence of Leonardo's style all over Europe. "
    Polyphemus and the Sea Nym phs"  (pictured), by Francois Per rier
    <1584-1656), is the only French

Heading: Something Special
Content: 

Heading: for
Content: 

Heading: that Special Someone?
Content: 

Heading: V isit
Content: earliest Mannerist paintings in ex;- istence. Teaching Nucleus Speaking in
    general about the merits of the presence of the Kress Collection at the
    University, Tur- nure feels that it is the first step in developing " a
    small but good comprehensive teaching nucleus." To acquire an idea of the
    history of art, it is necessary to return to the masterpieces which are a
    part of that history, and through a collec tion such as this one, the
    possibility of acquiring contributions is greatly increased. In somewhat
    broader terms, which apply not only to the Uni versity's Kress Collection
    but to art in general, Guy Emerson, Art Di rector of the Kress Foundation,
    wrote at the time of the presenta tion of the collection to the Uni versity
    that " in these troubled times man needs the example of the supreme
    achievements of the spirit to give him confidence and faith in the future."

Heading: COLOR PRODUCTIONS
Content: 

Heading: PRESENT
Content: 

Heading: 429 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9886
Content: 

Heading: oseeeoooooeosusooeeQooeo
Content: 

Heading: PAGE SIX
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: MAY 13, 1971

Heading: Corsages -
Content: 

Heading: Stein's
Content: 

Heading: Cut Flowers
Content: 

Heading: Flowers
Content: 

Heading: 220 Market Street
Content: 

Heading: 524-9933
Content: 

Heading: THREE
Content: 

Heading: DOG
Content: 

Heading: NIGHT
Content: 

Heading: FARM SHOW ARENA
Content: 

Heading: HBG,, PA. SAT. MAY 15
Content: 8:00 P.M. --  Advance $5.00 Send Self Addressed Stamp ed Envelope to:--

Heading: COLOR, INC<< BOX 336
Content: 

Heading: HARRISBURG, PA. 17108
Content: 

Heading: < lit
Content: 

Heading: 'Morgan' and 'Great White Hope'
Content: 

Heading: Are Among Area Weekend Films
Content: By DAN MARTIN Morgan! (1966), Hilltop's feature Friday night at 8:00 p.m. in
    Vaug han Literature Auditorium, is an offbeat black comedy from Eng land,
    which tells how an unmanag- able, eccentric young painter <David Warner) is
    destroyed by his love for his mother, Karl Marx, King Kong, and his ex-wife
    Leonie <Vanessa Redgrave). The young rebel's principal pre occupation is to
    win back his estranged spouse before she mar ries his. " intensely
    bourgeois"  art dealer, a project which he carries out in a charmingly
    destructive manner by laying seige to her house, planting small bombs under
    her bed, and wiring a sound system to startle her and her lover in their
    tender moments. Going a bit further, Morgan steals Leonie's car, nearly
    blows her mother to smither eens, and finally has the girl kid napped. After
    doing penance in jail he turns up again at her dressy wedding reception in a
    monkey suit of real fur, beating his chest and littering wild animal cries.
    Reacting to this obviously wild fantasy, critic Richard Schickler of Life
    praises the performances of the two stars, but ultimately brands the film as
    " . . .fashionable, for gettable, and hardly worth the ef fort to praise or
    blame."  Morgan!, in his opinion, offers us the atti tudes of revolt, but
    without ever posing a genuine threat to our con ventional comforts of
    wisdom. " We tolerate this non-hero in his mo ments of rebellion,"  say
    Schickel, " as we might tolerate a 2-year-old in his. The issues are
    obviously serious enough to him, but since he is neither smart enough nor
    strong enough to coerce us into action, it is easier to ignore him. . ."
    Granting a certain amount ot -visual humor and pleasant farcical turns to
    the film, Schickel nonethe less reveals his deeper distaste for the work,
    when he writes: " I'm getting heartily sick of these films and fictional
    heroes who exist only to illustrate the fact that life is capable of driving
    anybody crazy." $ $ $ Lewisburg's Campus Theatre of fers, through Saturday,
    The Great White Hope, followed by Cromwell for the first part of next week.
    The former, a modern tragedy pat terned after the life of heavyweight
    fighter Jack Johnson, begins with the white supremacists at the turn of this
    century who can't bear the thought of a black champion and consequently
    enlist the services of a white boxer who they hope will defeat him. When he
    fails to do the job, they resort to the machinery of the law--a procedure
    simplified by Johnson's preference for white girls. Although rising to fame,
    high lighted by a triumphant journey to France, by the time Johnson faces
    The Kid in a fight that he has agre ed to throw, we know his pride, his
    abstinacy, and his bitterness; but we are also aware of his longing to
    return to this country however it has mistreated him--to his family, and to
    his race. The Great White Hope, based on the enormously successful play, is
    impregnated with the timely tint of racism and depicts, according to
    Saturday Review's Arthur Knight, the ultimate humiliation of Johnson
    (changed to Jefferson in the play and film)--not merely the relent less
    governmental persecution, but the grinding erosion of his own self esteem.
    Demonstrating considerable vir tue in preserving James Earl Jone's powerful
    Broadway performance as Jack Jefferson and Jane Alexan der's scarcely less
    remarkable per formance as his white mistress, critics Knight and Richard
    Schickel nevertheless agree that the film is a disappointment in that the
    camera brings attention to the fact that playwright Sackler never bothered
    to create truly alive and human characters to surround his central figures.
    As Schikel states it, " The drive, the tension, the ferocity generated by
    the play as it tried to escape the prison of the stage is missing and the
    piece seems to stumble and paw the air, looking for all the world like an
    ill-trained fighter running out of steam with five rounds still to go." * *
    * Cromwell, if we are to believe the critics (and we usually pay atten tion
    to the intelligent ones), has almost no saving qualities. "A dry spectacle,"
    according to the New Yorker's Pauline Kael, " written and directed by Ken
    Hughes with dedicated stodginess,"  Cromwell is a thoroughly unbelievable
    movie. As Miss Kael observes, " England seems a large country to have had
    only one just man, and surely Crom well must have been more than this sullen
    prig who hates power, or he couldn't have obtained it. One rather wishes the
    film would ex plain him a bit instead of defying him." Moira Walsh of
    America feels Cromwell is dignified and earnest, meticulously authentic in
    its phy sical production, and handsomely photographed. " But as a re-crea
    tion of a pulsating, disorderly, sig nificant epoch of English history it is
    disappointingly bland and inco herent."  Miss Kael further clarifies the
    failure of this film by observing that " Shakespeare spoiled us for this
    sort of thing; we wait for great speeches and witty remarks, for rage and
    poetry, and we get nothing but the relentless academicism."

Heading: Tristram: A Review
Content: By DEAN LANDEW Aside from being pretentious and arty, the cover of this se
    mester's Tristram is nevertheless intriguing. As the gateway to the rest of
    the magazine, one wonders what the cropped and darkened reproduction of
    David's " The Death of Marat"  portends. The original painting depicts a
    martyred hero next to a block of wood which David has turned into a
    tombstonelike symbol. I would hate to think what this might foreshadow in
    the coming pages. But the painting is also an historical account. Maybe this
    best reflects what Tristram is this time around. In reviewing last
    semester's magazine, Jim Alley seemed to feel it was only bits and snatches
    of things and that the reader should take what he wants. The new issue also
    seems to lack a unifying theme, except possibly this concept of reflecting
    the times, our recent history. Hugh Seidman's poem " Warp"  certainly
    displays a critical social awareness indicative of this era. Andy Kraft's
    interview, although obviously cut and consequently not too unified, stands
    as non-fiction, and therefore more as reportage, that idea of modern history
    again. The same for Charles Angoff's too-brief essay; in fact, he mentions a
    " sense of literary history." Gark Koutnik's song " Blue Baby"  gives an
    immediate sense of history: last October 4, to be more specific. As an
    entity, the song is puzzling, though. Unless it is a sort of talking blues,
    all we can do is read the words, because there is no melody provided. I
    don't know how seriously we should regard " Little Rock Prison"  as social
    comment, but still, that feeling of history reap pears, again in song. Jails
    have taken on an increasingly political character in recent years and we all
    have images which come to mind when we hear " prison." The rest of the
    magazine touches on different thing's, but a vision of nature and its
    contrasts are more evident. In particular, Allen Wheatcroft's " The Animal
    To Which We Return"  is striking, about what we started as and how we always
    have that in us. There is a poem of a winter stream; there is a photo of a
    wave. A picture of a beach, a rain-soaked field, a snow-covered grave yard.
    Then there are cows and horses in the middle of nowhere. Were they meant to
    belong to that spacious field depicted on the inside back cover? I don't
    know who will win the prose award of $50, but Alley's " The Cook's Tale"
    might take it. This is a clever, humorous story, rivaled only by Art
    Burton's short story of last semester. Generally, the prose and poetry is
    weaker (due to fewer con tributions, noted by the fact that the editors of
    Tristram are re sponsible for most of the copy) than last semester. The
    photos, for the most part, are a bit more interesting, if only because of
    special photographic techniques used here and there. A poor printing job
    mars an otherwise sincere effort, albeit short and unspectacular. It is hard
    to be too critical of a work like this when it is being published under
    severe conditions; little money and little interest. I would still like to
    know about the reproduction on the front

Heading: "WhiteTrash established
Content: 

Heading: a new superstar whose
Content: 

Heading: talent will bring his songs
Content: 

Heading: to millions
Content: 

Heading: of ears."
Content: 

Heading: In reviewing "Edgar Winter's
Content: 

Heading: White Trash" album,
Content: 

Heading: Circus
Content: 

Heading: magazine went on to call it an
Content: 

Heading: "early pick for the greatest album
Content: 

Heading: of the year.... Edgar Winter's
Content: 

Heading: White Trash is a superbly
Content: 

Heading: produced,fantastically performed,
Content: 

Heading: well written rock masterpiece --
Content: 

Heading: It has as much musical competence
Content: 

Heading: and authenticity as anything
Content: 

Heading: around today.... The album is
Content: 

Heading: unforgettable."
Content: 

Heading: So enjoy listening to trash for
Content: 

Heading: a change.
Content: 

Heading: "Edgar Winter's WhiteTrash."
Content: 

Heading: On Epic Records and Tapes
Content: 

Heading: ,ntr^
Content: 

Heading: n
Content: 

Heading: g ^
Content: 

Heading: S
Content: 

Heading: h
Content: f E P I C "EPIC."  MARCA RES T M PRINTED IN U SA

Heading: !1SEI81S
Content: lit i

Heading: f i?  /.*#<
Content: 

Heading: Bison Netmen Start New Streak; WVBU Gives Sports Poll
Content: 

Heading: Shoot at MAC Crown Saturday
Content: 

Heading: By ALAN GROCHAL
Content: 

Heading: After having a long win streak
Content: 

Heading: snapped, the only thing to do is
Content: 

Heading: start another one. The Bison net-
Content: 

Heading: men are now on their way to an
Content: 

Heading: other win streak by recording two
Content: 

Heading: 9-0 victories this week.
Content: 

Heading: Monday, the Herd crushed Sus
Content: 

Heading: quehanna, despite the fact that
Content: 

Heading: Coach Reynolds held out some of
Content: 

Heading: his best players. By smashing Le
Content: 

Heading: high Tuesday by an identical spore,
Content: 

Heading: the Herd became Western Section
Content: 

Heading: Champs again this year.
Content: 

Heading: Any fears that Coach Reynolds
Content: 

Heading: might have had about a letdown
Content: 

Heading: after last week's loss to Penn State
Content: 

Heading: were quickly dispelled as the Bisons
Content: 

Heading: lost only three sets during the whole
Content: 

Heading: match, Tuesday.
Content: 

Heading: Steve Baird continued his unbeat
Content: 

Heading: en streak in first singles with an
Content: 

Heading: impressive 6-3, 6-3 win. Captain
Content: 

Heading: Alex Anderson stretched his un
Content: 

Heading: defeated streak to 33 matches with
Content: 

Heading: a slightly closer 8-6, 6-4 victory.
Content: 

Heading: Jim Lackritz also won in straight
Content: 

Heading: sets and he has lost only once this
Content: 

Heading: season. Keith Kimball and Bob
Content: 

Heading: Christianson won in three sets each,
Content: 

Heading: while freshman Bruce Kevan dis
Content: 

Heading: posed of his opponent in straight
Content: 

Heading: sets.
Content: 

Heading: In doubles, Anderson and Baird
Content: 

Heading: remained unbeaten with an 8-6, 6-2
Content: 

Heading: win. Lackritz and Kimball, and
Content: 

Heading: Kevan and Frank Martino teamed
Content: 

Heading: up for the other two doubles wins.
Content: 

Heading: BU is now 12-1 on the year and
Content: 

Heading: concludes
Content: 

Heading: their
Content: 

Heading: season
Content: 

Heading: Friday
Content: 

Heading: against Army at the Seventh Street
Content: 

Heading: courts.
Content: 

Heading: The MAC championships will be
Content: 

Heading: decided Saturday at Bucknell. The
Content: 

Heading: Eastern Division of the MAC ended
Content: 

Heading: in a three-way tie between St.
Content: 

Heading: Josephs, West Chester, and Temple.
Content: 

Heading: St. Josephs beat West Chester in
Content: 

Heading: the first playoff so BU will play the
Content: 

Heading: winner of the Temple-St. Josephs
Content: 

Heading: match for the championship. The
Content: 

Heading: team would appreciate fan support
Content: 

Heading: for this most important match.
Content: 

Heading: By JIM
Content: 

Heading: NORTHRIDGE
Content: 

Heading: The WVBU sports poll results
Content: 

Heading: have been tabulated and the an
Content: 

Heading: nouncements made for the year.
Content: 

Heading: Sophomore
Content: 

Heading: Harvey
Content: 

Heading: Carter
Content: 

Heading: was
Content: 

Heading: named the outstanding athlete of
Content: 

Heading: the year in the process of picking
Content: 

Heading: up 104 votes while senior Lou Kis-
Content: 

Heading: sling and freshman Steve Winings
Content: 

Heading: finished second and third respect
Content: 

Heading: ively with 73 and 64 ballots.
Content: 

Heading: Stickmen
Content: 

Heading: L Twice
Content: 

Heading: Speechley Sparks Frosh line;
Content: 

Heading: Mermen Hurdle Susquehanna
Content: 

Heading: By KEN DOAK
Content: 

Heading: Bison freshman hurler Steve Spe-
Content: 

Heading: echley came up with a near gem
Content: 

Heading: Friday for the "B" squad, as he
Content: 

Heading: turned in a one-hitter in a 2-0 vic
Content: 

Heading: tory over Luzerne.
Content: 

Heading: A controversial base hit in the
Content: 

Heading: second inning deprived him of the
Content: 

Heading: no-hitter. The play was first judged
Content: 

Heading: a base hit, then changed to an
Content: 

Heading: error, and finally back to a single.
Content: 

Heading: Coach Bill Lane described the
Content: 

Heading: play as a ground ball between short
Content: 

Heading: and third, which the BU shortstop
Content: 

Heading: fielded and threw wildly. However,
Content: 

Heading: Lane agreed that "the runner would
Content: 

Heading: have beat the throw."
Content: 

Heading: Luzerne's
Content: 

Heading: Andy
Content: 

Heading: Brennan
Content: 

Heading: was
Content: 

Heading: nearly as impressive, as he limited
Content: 

Heading: the Herd to three hits. A bad sixth
Content: 

Heading: inning which featured two unearned
Content: 

Heading: runs, and a triple by catcher Jim
Content: 

Heading: Gergley, were the only flaws on his
Content: 

Heading: record.
Content: 

Heading: Coach Lane was understandably
Content: 

Heading: pleased with Speechley's perform
Content: 

Heading: ance, terming it "excellent." The
Content: 

Heading: frosh righthander was in control all
Content: 

Heading: the way, as he fanned six and walk
Content: 

Heading: ed five.
Content: 

Heading: Lane went on to add, "He has
Content: 

Heading: pitched very well all year. He has
Content: 

Heading: a lot of poise for a freshman, and
Content: 

Heading: of course he's got control, which is
Content: 

Heading: vital for any pitcher."
Content: 

Heading: Speechley kept the Luzerne hit
Content: 

Heading: ters off balance all day. The coach
Content: 

Heading: said, "He's got a good variety of
Content: 

Heading: pitches and he's not afraid to use
Content: 

Heading: them."
Content: 

Heading: With two varsity starters graduat
Content: 

Heading: ing, he sees Speechley and fellow-
Content: 

Heading: frosh Jim Bolognese moving into
Content: 

Heading: prominent roles on the Bison mound
Content: 

Heading: staff next year.
Content: 

Heading: In varsity relief actiion, Steve
Content: 

Heading: has compiled a perfect zero ERA,
Content: 

Heading: and picked up a win against F&M.
Content: 

Heading: Bolognese has contributed a fine
Content: 

Heading: 2.45 ERA.
Content: 

Heading: By MARK KNODERER
Content: 

Heading: The Bison track team added a
Content: 

Heading: delightful dab to a successful sea
Content: 

Heading: son last Tuesday by downing Susque
Content: 

Heading: hanna, 88%-56%. The win was all
Content: 

Heading: the more enjoyable because the
Content: 

Heading: Crusaders were favored, and, they
Content: 

Heading: were a little miffed at losing to
Content: 

Heading: their neighbors up the river. Gone
Content: 

Heading: was their undefeated season and
Content: 

Heading: some of the prestige of winning the
Content: 

Heading: MAC college division.
Content: 

Heading: The win made the team's final
Content: 

Heading: record 6-3, and was the final pre
Content: 

Heading: paration for the MAC champion
Content: 

Heading: ships this weekend at West Chester.
Content: 

Heading: The team turned in many out
Content: 

Heading: standing performances during the
Content: 

Heading: meet, the most incredible of which
Content: 

Heading: was Doug Nauman's exhibition in
Content: 

Heading: the javelin. On his first throw Nau-
Content: 

Heading: man broke his own record of 2211"
Content: 

Heading: by a foot. His second carried 226
Content: 

Heading: feet. His third traveled 231' 7", a
Content: 

Heading: truly remarkable record.
Content: 

Heading: The distance men were unbeat
Content: 

Heading: able. Tom Hagarty won the 2-mile
Content: 

Heading: in 9:43.0, and Scott Bartram was
Content: 

Heading: right behind at 9:47.8. John Lamer
Content: 

Heading: won the mile in 4:33.2, and was
Content: 

Heading: followed by teammates Paul Hatab
Content: 

Heading: and Hagarty.
Content: 

Heading: Rick Francel won a duel with
Content: 

Heading: Susquehanna's Rick Harrison and
Content: 

Heading: captured the 880 in 1:54.8, only 0.4
Content: 

Heading: seconds off his record.
Content: 

Heading: The sprinters, although not plac
Content: 

Heading: ing as well, dropped their times
Content: 

Heading: considerably. Steve Aronoff won the
Content: 

Heading: 100 in a blazing 9.9, and placed
Content: 

Heading: second in the 220 with 23.2. Glenn
Content: 

Heading: McLaughlin was nipped at the tape,
Content: 

Heading: but still had his best 440 time, 50.4.
Content: 

Heading: Rick Rakauskas had his best 120
Content: 

Heading: hurdles time, 15.4, and John New
Content: 

Heading: man tied his best in the 440 hurdles,
Content: 

Heading: 57.2, but both were second.
Content: 

Heading: The mile relay team of Paul
Content: 

Heading: Hermle, John Larner, Glenn Mc
Content: 

Heading: Laughlin, and Rick Francel won
Content: 

Heading: easily, while the 440 team of Steve
Content: 

Heading: Aronoff, Bill Hamilton, Rick Bull
Content: 

Heading: ock, and Todd Blinder lost by a
Content: 

Heading: tenth of a second.
Content: 

Heading: Tarras Onischenko had his best
Content: 

Heading: effort in the shot put, with forty-
Content: 

Heading: seven feet three and one-quarter
Content: 

Heading: inches.
Content: 

Heading: After the MAC'S coach Gulden
Content: 

Heading: will complete his first season as
Content: 

Heading: head coach by taking the team to
Content: 

Heading: the Intercollegiate Amateur Ath
Content: 

Heading: letic Association of America (IC4A)
Content: 

Heading: Championships on May 28 and 29.
Content: 

Heading: His enthusiasm and dedication have
Content: 

Heading: started a new era in Bucknell track.
Content: 

Heading: By JEFF QUINZER
Content: 

Heading: Despite a consistently strong team
Content: 

Heading: offense, the Bison lacrosse team
Content: 

Heading: dropped its second
Content: 

Heading: consecutive
Content: 

Heading: game, a 16-12 loss at Penn State on
Content: 

Heading: Tuesday.
Content: 

Heading: The tape of the game will be
Content: 

Heading: televised this Sunday at 4 p.m. It
Content: 

Heading: was taped by WPSX television,
Content: 

Heading: Penn State's educational television
Content: 

Heading: station, it is part of the "Sports
Content: 

Heading: 770's" series and will be seen in
Content: 

Heading: the Lewisburg area on Channel 44.
Content: 

Heading: The defeat to Penn State followed
Content: 

Heading: a 17-6 loss to Delaware in another
Content: 

Heading: away game on Saturday. That loss
Content: 

Heading: eliminated the Bisons from a pos
Content: 

Heading: sible tie for the MAC crown.
Content: 

Heading: Coach Sidney Jamieson analyzed
Content: 

Heading: the team's last two games.
Content: 

Heading: "We haven't been nearly as ag
Content: 

Heading: gressive as we're capable of play
Content: 

Heading: ing," the coach said. "We haven't
Content: 

Heading: been getting the loose balls often
Content: 

Heading: enough and they ultimately con
Content: 

Heading: tribute to the offensive power a
Content: 

Heading: team is able to generate.
Content: 

Heading: "The team's defensive play has
Content: 

Heading: been deteriorating," he continued.
Content: 

Heading: "The problem doesn't lie with any
Content: 

Heading: one individual, but with the team
Content: 

Heading: in general. Also, we've been weak
Content: 

Heading: on face-offs."
Content: 

Heading: The offense has been doing a good
Content: 

Heading: job and scores a high percentage of
Content: 

Heading: the time it has possession. But the
Content: 

Heading: team's inability to come up with
Content: 

Heading: loose balls and face-offs severely
Content: 

Heading: limits the amount of time the of
Content: 

Heading: fense controls the game, with the
Content: 

Heading: result being that the pressure falls
Content: 

Heading: on the defense a good portion of
Content: 

Heading: the game to halt the opponents at
Content: 

Heading: tack.
Content: 

Heading: The team will try to improve on
Content: 

Heading: these points in the final game of
Content: 

Heading: the season, a home game Saturday
Content: 

Heading: against
Content: 

Heading: league-leading
Content: 

Heading: Lebanon
Content: 

Heading: Valley. The Bisons are still an im
Content: 

Heading: portant factor in the MAC race and
Content: 

Heading: could upset the standings with a
Content: 

Heading: win here.
Content: 

Heading: "I'm expecting a good game,"
Content: 

Heading: commented
Content: 

Heading: Coach
Content: 

Heading: Jamieson.
Content: 

Heading: "They're an extremely aggressive
Content: 

Heading: team. I don't believe they have
Content: 

Heading: the same basic skills and natural
Content: 

Heading: talent we have, but they make up
Content: 

Heading: for it in desire and aggressiveness.
Content: 

Heading: "They're
Content: 

Heading: constantly
Content: 

Heading: pressuring
Content: 

Heading: you, trying to take the ball away
Content: 

Heading: from you," he continued. "We're
Content: 

Heading: going to have to play more physical
Content: 

Heading: ly and aggressively."
Content: 

Heading: Win or lose, this marks the last
Content: 

Heading: game for senior co-captain Lou Kis-
Content: 

Heading: sling. The attackman was named to
Content: 

Heading: the third team Little All-American
Content: 

Heading: last season and recently broke the
Content: 

Heading: Bison four-year scoring record. He
Content: 

Heading: is presently leading the Bison attack
Content: 

Heading: in total points and has been nomin
Content: 

Heading: ated for the North-South Senior All-
Content: 

Heading: Star Lacrosse game.
Content: 

Heading: "This game pits the best college
Content: 

Heading: lacrosse
Content: 

Heading: players
Content: 

Heading: in
Content: 

Heading: the
Content: 

Heading: nation
Content: 

Heading: against
Content: 

Heading: each
Content: 

Heading: other,"
Content: 

Heading: explained
Content: 

Heading: Jamieson. "This is a lacrosse play
Content: 

Heading: er's dream; just to be nominated
Content: 

Heading: is an honor. I know for a fact that
Content: 

Heading: he's being highly considered.
Content: 

Heading: Continued Jamieson, "Lou is big,
Content: 

Heading: strong; he can run, is a fine sho
Content: 

Heading: oter and a good feeder. This year
Content: 

Heading: he hasn't scored as many goals as
Content: 

Heading: in the past but he has gotten a lot
Content: 

Heading: ol assists. And they count just as
Content: 

Heading: much as goals."
Content: 

Heading: Golfers Finish Fifth in MAC's
Content: 

Heading: By JIM NORTHRIDGE
Content: 

Heading: The Bison linksmen finished fifth
Content: 

Heading: among a field of twelve in the MAC
Content: 

Heading: championships held at Rider last
Content: 

Heading: Monday.
Content: 

Heading: The Gettysburg golfers won the
Content: 

Heading: Intramural Title
Content: 

Heading: It was announced yesterday by
Content: 

Heading: Intramurals Assistant Phil Porter
Content: 

Heading: field that Tau Kappa Epsilon is the
Content: 

Heading: 1970-71 Intramural Champion. Final
Content: 

Heading: totals were not available but stand
Content: 

Heading: ings remained essentially the same
Content: 

Heading: as those published last week.
Content: 

Heading: Abortion
Content: 

Heading: Information
Content: 

Heading: Guidance for
Content: *  CERTIFIED GYNECOLOGISTS *  CHOICE OF TO P PR IVATE C L IN IC S  A N D  H O
    SPITALS *  APPO IN TM EN TS A V A ILA B LE W ITH IN  2 4  HOURS.

Heading: (212) TR 7-8562
Content: 

Heading: MRS. SAUL
Content: 

Heading: Certified Abortion Information
Content: 

Heading: All Inquiries Confidential
Content: 

Heading: x-x-x-xx-x-x-xx-x-x-x-:-
Content: 

Heading: meet with their best five golfers
Content: 

Heading: totaling a 788. They were followed
Content: 

Heading: by Lehigh (796), American (801),
Content: 

Heading: Delaware (802), and Bucknell (806).
Content: 

Heading: Steady shooting marked the links-
Content: 

Heading: men's play as sophomore Dan Stetz
Content: 

Heading: finished sixth in 156 and was fol
Content: 

Heading: lowed by John Maier-158, Greg
Content: 

Heading: Mordas-161, Mark Reddy-164, Geor
Content: 

Heading: ge Ferrantelli-167, Mike Sinkus-170,
Content: 

Heading: and Ray Douglass-171.
Content: 

Heading: With everybody returning next
Content: 

Heading: year the Bison golfers have to im
Content: 

Heading: prove on their excellent 10-4 recond
Content: 

Heading: and move up in the MAC standings.
Content: 

Heading: THE BUCKNELLIAN
Content: 

Heading: PAGE EIGHT
Content: 

Heading: MAY 13, 1971
Content: 

Heading: The Campus Pizza Delivery Service
Content: 

Heading: thanks the Bucknell students for their
Content: 

Heading: patronage this year and looks forward
Content: 

Heading: to serving them again next year.
Content: 

Heading: TO THE SENIORS:
Content: 

Heading: Best of luck in your new futures!
Content: 

Heading: mil
Content: iiib iiiib iiiib iiiib ii

Heading: Carter was the workhorse of the
Content: 

Heading: Bison cagers leading the team
Content: in

Heading: rebounding and scoring. Kissling
Content: is

Heading: a third team All-American selection
Content: 

Heading: in Lacrosse and Winings capped an
Content: 

Heading: outstanding season in '' swimming
Content: 

Heading: with exceptional performances
Content: in

Heading: the MAC'S and the nationals.
Content: 

Heading: Coach Richard Russell, recipient
Content: 

Heading: of the Bucknellian Coach of the
Content: 

Heading: Year Trophy, also pulled in at the
Content: 

Heading: top slot in WVBU's poll with 107
Content: 

Heading: votes just ahead of Craig Reynolds,
Content: 

Heading: who had 94.
Content: 

Heading: Russell guided the mermen to the
Content: 

Heading: MAC title and a 9-2 record overall.
Content: 

Heading: Reynolds did an outstanding job in
Content: 

Heading: taking over this year's tennis team
Content: 

Heading: and piloting it to a 12-1 season and
Content: 

Heading: did double duty producing a fine
Content: 

Heading: soccer squad.
Content: 

Heading: Named as most valuable players
Content: 

Heading: in each sport as listed on the ballot
Content: 

Heading: were in football-Bob Rohrbaugh;
Content: 

Heading: soccer-Glenn Mars; basketball-Harv-
Content: 

Heading: ey Carter; swimming-Peter O'Ke
Content: 

Heading: effe; baseball-Chris Riley; golf-Mark
Content: 

Heading: Reddy; lacrosse-Lou Kissling.
Content: 

Heading: Rick Francel was the only double
Content: 

Heading: winner taking the top spot in track
Content: 

Heading: and cross-country. In the harrier
Content: 

Heading: contest Rick just edged Tom Hag-
Content: 

Heading: erty 156-137. There was also an ex
Content: 

Heading: tremely vote in wrestling with Tom
Content: 

Heading: Rivoire just beating out teammate
Content: 

Heading: A1 Loesch.
Content: 

Heading: Tennis
Content: 

Heading: The MAC Tennis Championships
Content: 

Heading: will be held this Saturday at 10:30
Content: 

Heading: a.m. on the Seventh street courts
Content: 

Heading: against St. Joseph's.
Content: 

Heading: Soccer
Content: 

Heading: There will be a meeting for any
Content: 

Heading: one interested in going out for soc
Content: 

Heading: cer next fall on Monday at 7:30
Content: 

Heading: p.m. in the Davis Gym classroom.
Content: IIBIIIIBIIIlBIIIIBIIIIBIlllBI|IIBIIIlBllllfllllllBUIIBIIIIfli!i ------

Heading: WHATS PLAYING?
Content: -----

Heading: POST ON BULLETIN BOAK
Content: 1

Heading: FRIDAY-SATURDAY
Content: 

Heading: MAY 14-15
Content: 

Heading: I'm the champ
Content: j

Heading: and I've got a j
Content: 

Heading: gold belt and a
Content: 

Heading: white woman
Content: 

Heading: to prove it.
Content: 

Heading: That sticks in
Content: 

Heading: your craw,
Content: 

Heading: don't it?
Content: 20th Century Fox Presents

Heading: A
Content: Lawrence Turman Martin Ritt Production

Heading: The Great White Hope
Content: 

Heading: Starring James Earl Jones, Jane Alexander
Content: 

Heading: sleep on it--
Content: 

Heading: the Waterbed
Content: 

Heading: Experience
Content: 

Heading: Wholesale/Retail, MATTRESSES
Content: 

Heading: $9-- 65, 20 mil Union Carbide
Content: 

Heading: vinyl, 10 yr. guar. HEATERS
Content: 

Heading: $12-- 35, silicone rubber, 400
Content: 

Heading: watt, 115V. thermostat. Water-
Content: 

Heading: watt, 115V. thermostat.
Content: 

Heading: Water-
Content: 

Heading: bed Experience, 2259 Polk, S.F-,
Content: 

Heading: Calif. Call (415) 441-5111 or
Content: 

Heading: 441-2744.
Content: 

Heading: Distributors Wanted.
Content: 

Heading: SUN.-MON.-TUES.
Content: 

Heading: MAY 16-17-18
Content: 

Heading: "RICH AND REWARDING!
Content: 

Heading: ENTHRALLING!"
Content: -Judith Crist. New York Magazine

Heading: COLUMBIA PICTURES
Content: presents an IR V IN G  A L L E N P R O D U C T IO N

Heading: RICHARD
Content: 

Heading: HARRIS
Content: 

Heading: ALEC
Content: 

Heading: GUINNESS
Content: 

Heading: fromtoell
Content: Screenplay by KEN HUGHES I Directed by KEN HUGHES TECHNICOLOR*/PANAVlSION* m y m
    M

Heading: STARTING WEDNESDAY, MAY 19
Content: 

Heading: BULLITT and B 0IIE  & CLYDE
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: B
Content: 

Heading: min
Content: IIIBIHIBIBIIIIBII ilB IB IIIIB IB IB in

Heading: #III
Content: 

Heading: in s'
Content: NHMBMilRMMPfllfBaCdl

Heading: V
Content: 

